{"city": "None", "code": "12905216", "title": "Maharashtra Navnirman Sena welcomes Sachin for Rajya Sabha, Shiv Sena wary", "text": "Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to the Rajya Sabha found echoes in Maharashtra's political circles on Friday. The Shiv Sena cautioned Tendulkar to keep his distance from the Congress. Sena MP Sanjay Raut said the Congress may be using Tendulkar to refurbish its image which has taken a hit following a slew of corruption charges against it at the state and Centre.Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray said his party was not opposed to Tendulkar being nominated to the House of Elders. MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Friday strongly endorsed the Master Blaster's Rajya Sabha nomination. Addressing a press conference at his Shivaji Park residence Raj said, \"There was nothing political about the Congress decision to nominate Tendulkar to the Upper House. Lata didi (melody queen Lata Mangehskar) was nominated to the Rajya Sabha by the BJP-led NDA.But that didn't mean she became a BJP supporter or the BJP made use of her popularity to garner votes. The Rajya Sabha nomination is purely a non-political decision taken by the Union government. It has nothing to do with Congress party.\"Congress MP from Mumbai North Sanjay Nriupam said the Congress would welcome Tendulkar into the party if he wishes to join it. \"Whether to join a political party or not is entirely Tendulkar's decision. However, it will be great if he does so. The party and the government will profit from his long years of experience in the field of sports ,\" Nirupam stated.Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to the RS was also discussed during Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's interactions with party workers in Mumbai on Friday. Commenting on aspersions cast on the Congress's offer to the cricket star, All-India Congress committee secretary Mohan Prakash said, \"Sportsmen including Dara Singh have been nominated in the past.\"Indian youth Congress president Rajeev Satav, without naming any party, said the decision to nominate Tendulkar to the RS evoked Marathi pride.(With inputs from Sandeep Ashar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12903931", "title": "HC pats Asra Garg for uniting dalits and caste Hindus", "text": "MADURAI: Madurai rural SP, Asra Garg came in for praise from the Madurai bench of the Madras high court for creating unity among caste Hindus and dalits of nearby Villoor village, who were at loggerheads for a long time, through negotiations.Justice D Hariparanthaman recorded his appreciation for the police team led by the SP, closing a petition filed by Villoor panchayat president S Subbulakshmi, who sought a judicial inquiry into the incidents that led to police firing in the village on May 1, 2011.The case was closed after Garg filed a status report, stating agamudaiyars and dalits had agreed to live in peace. The SP said some forms of untouchability did exist in the village from time immemorial. Dalits were not allowed to ride vehicles through streets occupied by caste Hindus and 'double tumbler' system was in vogue in tea shops.On April 30, 2011, a 22-year-old dalit youth was assaulted by caste Hindus when he tried to ride a two-wheeler through their street, in connection with which five persons were arrested on May 1. Garg said he had visited the village that day to assess the actual situation and that after he left, some dalit houses were torched by a crowd. He again returned to the village and as he was approaching the area, another armed crowd attacked them, forcing them to retreat as they were outnumbered.The crowd surrounded the police station and attacked it. As all lawful steps did not yield any result, Garg said he and his personal security officer fired a few rounds in the air to protect themselves and the police station, after which the crowd dispersed.Seven criminal cases were later registered in connection with the incident. Meanwhile, a police team tried to bring about peace by holding a series of peace committee meetings.The efforts bore fruit as leaders of both communities signed an agreement on April 24 to iron out differences and live peacefully and to ensure untouchability is not practiced. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12904300", "title": "'Schools not following the admission schedule'", "text": "MANGALORE: Representatives of various organizations including Ahinda, an organization of backward, minority and dalits, and Federation of Education Resource Centres conducted visits to seven unaided primary schools in the city to check whether the rules related to admission are followed strictly.As per a circular issued by the department of public instructions on December 8, 2011, schools are supposed to start distributing application forms from April 20 and the third final list of students to be admitted should be published on May 16. However, it was found during the visits that many institutions did not adhere to the rules properly and some institutions had already admitted students flouting the directions in the circular.Authorities of some schools did not even know about the circular issued by the department. A major aspect noticed by the representatives during the visits is that there was very less takers for Kannada medium schools. Canara Lower Primary School headmistress Mohini said that teachers were forced to search and find children of labourers from construction sites to fill the available seats in the school.In a memorandum submitted to deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda, organization representatives pointed out that the circular issued by the department with regard to the implementation of Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act has not been adhered to by some schools.Ahinda working president P Lolaksha said that department's instructions were not followed and admission process had been started in many schools prior to the prescribed date. \"None of the schools have published in their notice board the number of available seats and the schedule for the admission process. As per the circular, the last date to distribute admission application forms is April 30. However, it is unfortunate that many of the institutes have already completed the process. RTE Act insists that 25% of the available seats should be reserved for poor students, but institutes have already filled their seats,\" he added.The circular also instructs schools to display on notice board the maximum fee to be collected from parents. \"It was found during the visit that some schools have already collected anything between Rs 6,000 to Rs 8,600 from parents,\" he said. Further, he pointed out, that the department had not taken any initiatives to make schools adhere to rules regarding admission. FERC president Umesh Nirmal, Campaign Against Child Labor co-ordinator Renny D'Souza, Ahinda president Purushotham Poojari and Mangalore ERC president Kamala Gowda participated in the school visit programme and later submitted a memorandum to the deputy commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12914174", "title": "Sachin shouldn't have accepted RS offer: Sanjay Dutt", "text": "MUMBAI: Speaking about Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to the Rajya Sabha, veteran actor Sanjay Dutt said: \"Joining politics is probably a great honour but personally, I feel he shouldn't have accepted the offer.\"Dutt was speaking at the launch of his forthcoming film, 'Department'.While Dutt did not mince words on the subject of Sachin's entry in Parliament, Amitabh Bachchan , who was also asked about Sachin and Rekha's Rajya Sabha nomination, described their decision to join the Upper House as 'a personal matter'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902781", "title": "Waterlogging: Agencies get monsoon wake-up call", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vehicles crawling in knee-deep water on waterlogged streets is a phenomenon the capital witnesses every monsoon. As a precautionary measure, traffic cops have sent a list of 442 roads where waterlogging was reported last year to road-owning agencies.The list has been sent to Delhi Development Authority (DDA), Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD), New Delhi Municipal Corporation ( NDMC), Public Works Department (PWD), National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), Delhi Cantonment Board (DCB), irrigation and flood control department and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation.The list was prepared after traffic cops reviewed the complaints received by the control room last year during monsoon. \"We have suggested the agencies to clear the roads and install water pumps at perennial spots where waterlogging is reported, for instance Dhaula Kuan,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic), Satyendra Garg.Waterlogging results in massive traffic disruption across the city every year. Carriageways become non-negotiable triggering snarls and serpentine queuing of vehicles. \"This causes a domino effect. Other roads have to bear the load of additional traffic,\" said a senior traffic cop. \"We have requested the agencies to de-silt storm-water drains, specially the mouths of drains so that water does not accumulate on roads. They can also ensure that drains are properly connected to sewage lines and there is proper discharge of water in the sewage system. Unless this exercise is carried out on priority basis and in a time-bound manner it may lead to severe waterlogging in many areas,\" said a senior traffic police cop.Of the 442 roads where waterlogging was reported last year, 243 roads belong to the MCD while 172 roads belong to PWD. Five roads fall under DDA while 22 belong to NHAI.The most seriously affected areas are usually Shanti Path, Vinay Marg and Aurobindo Marg. The arterial Ring Road gets submerged, causing jams from Dhaula Kuan till Ashram Chowk, said traffic cops. \"As water gets steadily accumulated on roads, vehicle owners prefer getting on the wrong side of the carriageway to get out of the mess. This jams the other side too. There is little we can do in such situations, unless the water is cleared,\" said a traffic officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12908167", "title": "Nitish Kumar orders probe into repair of Kuhira dam", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday ordered an inquiry into the alleged sub-standard repair and renovation of the Kuhira reservoir dam.Kumar asked water resource department minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary to carry out his order after a group of farmers complained about it during the first day of his 'Seva Yatra' in Bihar's Kaimur district.Kumar inspected various irrigation projects including Jagdamba dam in Chainpur block in the Mapost-hit Kaimur district.He later visited the site of Vishwakarma pump canal located in Durgawati block and directed Chaudhary to ensure completion of Rs 118.15 crore irrigation project in time.The Vishwakarma pump camp with storage capacity of 630 quesec water will provide irrigation water to 9000 hectare farmland in Ramgarh and Durgawati blocks of Kaimur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903681", "title": "Presidency University set to get 10 acres, 16 for Xavier\u2019s", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government on Friday gave green light to proposals of handing over a 16-acre plot to St Xavier's College and 10 acres to Presidency University for their second campuses. Both plots are at Rajarhat New Town under the Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation ( Hidco).The proposals were cleared at the cabinet committee on industry and infrastructure - which is headed by chief minister Mamata Banerjee - and was later announced by the CM at the Writers' Buildings.As the news reached Presidency University and St Xaviers'College, the authorities were overwhelmed. It was a long wait for them as both the institutes had an acute space crunch. \"I am really happy. We are delighted to have a land to set up a second campus. We already have several development plans, which include a multidisciplinary centre and also have an urgent need for accommodating the visiting faculty. I have received offers from senior people abroad to come and teach in Presidency University. The second campus will only help us invite more such people,\" said vice chancellor of Presidency University, Malabika Sarkar.She added, \"The main campus can well be linked with the second campus at Rajarhat if there is adequate coordination which should not become a problem.\"St Xavier's College principal said: \"The college is grateful to chief minister Mamata Banerjee for allotment of land to set up a second campus. We shall now develop the land for educational benefits for the city and the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12905542", "title": "HC expands Garg commission scope", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Extending the scope of Justice (retd) T P Garg Commission, which is probing communal violence in Hondh Chillar village in Rewari district of Haryana, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday asked the panel to probe similar incidents that had taken place in Gurgaon district.A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh issued these directions while hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking extension of the scope of Garg Commission.While pronouncing the orders, the bench held, \"The ends of justice would meet if the area of reference made to Justice T P Garg is expanded from the area of Hondh Chillar, to the claim in respect of Gurgaon district, including Pataudi, is also considered by the commission\".However, the bench made it clear that all those cases of Gurgaon, which had already been heard by the GT Nanavati Commission, would not be heard by the Garg panel.The petitioner had submitted that 47 people were killed in Gurgaon and two teenaged girls along with 17 others were killed in Pataudi on November 2, 1984. The state government had constituted the commission headed by Justice TP Garg, a retired judge of the Allahabad high court, on March 5, 2011, to inquire into the killing of 32 Sikhs in Hondh Chillar village of Rewari district. The directions were sought to probe the communal violence of Gurgaon and Pataudi.The petitioner also sought directions to set up a special investigation team (SIT) in the same manner as was done into Gujarat riots case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12903859", "title": "Move to fill vacant posts of teachers", "text": "PATNA: The science and technology department faces the urgency of filling up the vacant posts of teachers in all the engineering colleges and polytechnics of the state in the next two months, to streamline teaching activities in these institutions. Their 2012-13 academic session is to begin from July.The department, accordingly, has asked the Bihar Combined Entrance Competitive Examination Board to urgently start the process of recruiting teachers for filling 450 vacant posts of teachers in the engineering colleges and 250 other such vacant posts in polytechnics. The state has seven engineering colleges and 13 polytechnics.The department issued the notification in this regard to the Board early this week, it is learnt. \"Yes, the department has already issued the notification. The Bihar Combined Entrance Competitive Examination Board has to complete the process of recruitment of teachers in the next two months, that is, by May-June. The matter is urgent,\" department director Shribhagwan Singh said.As the department's directive is, the new teachers would be appointed on contract basis, implying that even retired teachers could apply for the teaching job, and there is also no age bar. Last time, the appointment of teachers was made on a major scale in these institutions in the early 1980s. \"By and large, the posts of teachers, be it in the engineering colleges or polytechnics, have fallen vacant due to the retirement of teachers,\" another official of the department said, adding that the Bihar Public Service Commission has also been requested to fill the vacant posts of teachers through regular appointment.\"Teaching activities in the engineering colleges and polytechnics will not be allowed to be adversely affected, as the department is taking adequate steps to clear the shortage of teachers in these institutes,\" Singh said.According to him, the existing lot of teachers appointed on contract basis earlier have been given one-year extension, and principals of engineering colleges and polytechnics would fill a part of vacant posts of teachers by directly recruiting them at their level. \"The Bihar Combined Entrance Competitive Examination Board will abide by the deadline of two months set for appointment of teachers,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12911033", "title": "When 'Udan Khatola' became 'Joker'", "text": "When director Shirish Kunder started work on his Akshay Kumar-Sonakshi Sinha starrer, its working title was Udan Khatola, which means a UFO in Hindi. But the filmmaker decided to change it to Joker, as he felt that the original title may be lost on many.Shirish, who has been taking to his micro-blogging page to give his followers trivia and facts about the film. \"In 2002 when I 1st saw d poster of SIGNS, I was amused by d visual of a Crop Circle. I made my own story around it, which evolved as JOKER. The working title of JOKER was UDAN KHATOLA referring to the UFO in Hindi. Later I changed it to JOKER as I felt not many may understand it. JOKER was originally the title of my Super Hero film script. After that project got postponed, I shifted that title to my current script,\" he tweeted.The filmmaker also took to his page to clarify that Joker is not inspired by another film. In response to a follower's question, Shirish wrote, \"Nope. I'm here to inspire, not to get inspired.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12902909", "title": "Have rainwater harvesting, get building clearance: Govt", "text": "MUMBAI: Permission will not be granted for new buildings in Mumbai unless they have rainwater harvesting facilities. This is what the state government has proposed for construction projects in the city.\"The water level in the state's rivers has gone down. Similar is the problem with lakes providing drinking water. People should make sensible use of water. To deal with the issue of water shortage in the city, the water supply department will soon hold a meeting with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and BMC officials. We will move a proposal to ensure that not a single building proposal gets clearance from civic officials if it does not provide rainwater harvesting facilities,\" water supply minister Laxman Dhoble said on Friday.The first draft rules for rainwater harvesting were framed by the BMC in 2002, making it mandatory for every building on a plot measuring a minimum of 1,000 sq m to instal a plant. But the rule was not followed by many. In 2007, the government reduced the size to 300 sq m. According to recent BMC data, nearly 4,000 buildings in the city were yet to implement the rule even after being offered incentives.When Dhoble's attention was drawn to the existing rules in the civic body, the minister said: \"We want the rule to be made mandatory for every housing complex in the city. Also, to ensure effective implementation of the proposal, stern action will be proposed against the developer and civic officials concerned for not complying with the norms.\"The city gets nearly 3,450 million litres of water every day from six lakes as opposed to a demand of 4,250 MLD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "tumkur (karnataka) ", "code": "12910406", "title": "Woman waves black flag at Sonia's function in Karnataka", "text": "TUMKUR (Karnataka) : A woman on Saturday created a flutter at a function attended by Congress president Sonia Gandhi by waving a black flag demanding reservation under SC category for her community.As Gandhi began her speech at the 105th birthday celebrations of the head of Siddaganga Math Shivakumara Swami, the woman, a member of the Madiga Dandora community and seated among the audience, suddenly rose and waved a black flag.The police immediately swung into action and evicted her from the venue even as some of her supporters shouted slogans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12904250", "title": "CBI probe sought in High Security Registration Plate scam in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Claiming that no action has been taken against parties involved in the High Security Registration Plate (HSRP) scam, through which new vehicle owners were charged exorbitant amounts for the high security registration plates, the AGPBOA president Sudip Tamankar has urged CM Manohar Parrikar to initiate a CBI probe into the scam.In a bid to embarrass Parrikar, the all Goa private bus owners association has sought to know the reasons for the inaction by the chief minister.Addressing the media, Tamankar said \"Parrikar had exposed many scams as leader of opposition, including the High Security Registration Plate scam, SEZ scam, the excise scam. But now that he is the chief minister, he is not taking any action against the culprits responsible for the scams.\" People have even lost their lands in the SEZ scam, he added.Tamankar urged Parrikar to initiate a CBI probe into the High Security Registration Plate scam.\"The chief minister had said the crime branch would investigate. The police are not following the chief minister's orders,\" he said.Tamankar also said the government should sack corrupt employees. Employees who have paid (ministers) money for jobs are now recovering the money from the people (through bribes). The government should sack such employees, he said.There is no shortage of qualified people in the state and many people are unemployed. They can be recruited to replace the corrupt staff, he added. Citing past instances of government employees submitting false documents being removed from service, Tamankar asked the CM to initiate action against a deputy director of transport for allegedly furnishing false documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908645", "title": "Television is a national prostitute: Vivek Agnihotri", "text": "Hate Story director Vivek Agnihotri is disappointed with the world of television. Vivek began his career with advertising and television before moving on to Bollywood. He is well known for his hit TV shows like 'Saturday Suspense', 'Rishtey', 'Gubbarey' and 'X Zone'.When asked if he would consider returning to TV in the future he remarked\" Television content has changed today and television is a national prostitute, freely used and abused by all\". Further calling it a whore, he blamed TV channels for treating the medium like a cartoon channel and criticized Hindi General Entertainment Channels for exploiting people's minds and putting up anything in the name of content.He further stated \"No one in television is treated well. You spend your entire youth working and your hard work goes unnoticed. It's inglorious. Why waste time?\"Does the TV fraternity share Vivek's sentiments? Is anyone listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi /bangalore", "code": "12905617", "title": "Three more ex-CMs under Central Empowered Committee scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI /BANGALORE:It's not only BS Yeddyurappa but three more former chief ministers who are under the scanner of the Supreme Court-appointed Central Empowered Committee for illegal mining.Bangalore-based activist TJ Abraham, who had earlier filed a private complaint against the former CMs in the Lokayukta court, on Friday submitted the same documents to the CEC, which is looking into illegal mining in Karnataka. The former CMs are HD Kumaraswamy, Dharam Singh and SM Krishna.Abraham has sought a probe by a competent investigating agency, including the CBI, against the three former CMs, who allegedly allowed largescale illegal mining in the state during their tenure.Dharwad-based NGO Samaja Parivartana Samudaya (SPS), which earlier sought a CBI probe into alleged transfer of funds from mining companies to trusts owned by Yeddyurappa's kin, will submit a fresh set of documents to the CEC about suspected involvement of senior bureaucrats in illegal mining. The SPS is waiting for CM DV Sadananda Gowda's response to their letter seeking action against officials named in the Lokayukta report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/bhadrak", "code": "12903553", "title": "Dhamra 'suicide': Parents accuse police of inaction", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/BHADRAK: The role of Bhadrak district police has come under the scanner after parents of a girl, who was found dead in mysterious circumstances at a guesthouse in Dhamra last week, accused the former of attempting to hush up the case.Deceased Soubhagya Priyadarshini's parents moved the Orissa Human Rights Commission (OHRC) on Friday reiterating that she was raped and murdered. They demanded a crime branch probe into her death. \"We have received the complaint and shall look into the case,\" OHRC registrar C R Mohapatra said.Priyadarshini, who worked as deputy general manager with Essar company at Paradip in Jagatsinghpur district, was found dead on April 21 in a guest house, run by Dhamra Port Company Limited (DPCL) at Dhamra in Bhadrak. Police said she committed suicide following some dispute over her \"affair\" with a DPCL employee Ranjan Pattnaik, a married man, who was arrested soon after her death. Smelling a rat, however, an irate mob ransacked the guesthouse after news of the girl's death spread.\"Though police arrested Pattnaik, we suspect the local police is trying to cover up the case by giving it a suicide angle. Only a crime branch probe can unravel the mystery,\" the deceased's father Sisir Kumar Nayak said. He rubbished that Priyadarshini had an affair with Pattnaik. He also expressed surprise about his daughter landing up in Bhadrak. \"She worked at Paradip. I do not know how she reached Bhadrak. She must have been kidnapped, raped and murdered,\" said the father, an assistant engineer in Dhenkanal.\"I do not know Pattnaik, who, according to police, had an affair with my daughter. Police should refrain from making character assassination remarks. Though police claimed to have found a suicide note, we have been prevented from seeing the letter,\" Nayak said.Bhadrak SP Chintamani Panda stressed, however, that the girl committed suicide. \"She was willingly staying in the Dhamra guesthouse by posing as Pattnaik's wife. Since her lover is married, an estrangement in her love life is suspected to have led her to take the drastic step,\" Panda said.Social activist Rutuparna Mohanty, who accompanied Nayak to OHRC, said she suspected the involvement of guesthouse staff behind the crime. \"How could the guesthouse staff allow the girl (Priyadarshini) to stay there? If the girl hung herself to death, how come she was found dead on bed when police opened the door, which was locked from outside,\" Mohanty questioned. \"We would visit Dhamra soon to find out the truth. We would intensify our agitation if police tries to shield other accused involved in the crime,\" she warned.Priyadarshini's parents said they would meet her colleagues and boss at Paradip soon. \"I tried to meet them at the company's guesthouse in Paradip yesterday, but I was not allowed to do so. My daughter was staying at the Essar company guesthouse,\" said mother Swarnaprabha.Priyadarshini was a gold medalist in B.Tech from a private engineering college in Bhubaneswar. She had joined Essar as deputy manager in July 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12909993", "title": "Kshitee Jog engaged?", "text": "A renowned face in television with shows like 'Ghar Ki Lakshmi Betiyann' and 'Maan Rahe Tera Pitaah' to her credit, Kshitee Jog got engaged to Marathi actor Hemant Dhome. Jog is also the daughter of the famous Marathi actor Anant Jog.Dhome and Jog who have been dating since October 2011, got engaged on 24th April (2012) in a small, quite ceremony in Pune as told to sources. She also revealed that the wedding will take place in Pune sometime towards the end of the year, maybe December. Kshitee and Hemant are the latest tele couple to tie the knot, following in the footsteps of Shveta Salve and Harmeet Sethi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12903679", "title": "Non-Cong states oppose PC\u2019s draft action plan on NCTC", "text": "NEW DELHI: A week before the crucial chief ministers' meet on the National Counter-Terrorism Centre, the Union home ministry on Friday sent draft standard operating procedures (SOPs) on the functioning of the counter-terror body to states clarifying each and every point of the government notification which drew objections from many non-Congress chief ministers.The SOPs will be further fine-tuned after taking the views of chief ministers during the meeting on May 5. The agenda paper of the meeting, comprising details of the SOPs, also explains the functioning of the NCTC through a mechanism of a standing council where all states will be represented by their senior officers.In its efforts to evolve a consensus on the NCTC, the home ministry sent the draft SOPs, which are mainly meant for exercising of power under Section 3.1 and 3.2 of the office memorandum issued listing organization, functions, powers (arrest, search and seizures) and duties of the counter-terror body. Section 3.1 states the director of the NCTC shall be specified as the designated authority under Section 2(e) of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967 whereas Section 3.2 says officers of the operations division of the NCTC shall have the power to arrest and the power to search under Section 43A of the UAPA.Both these two sections were vehemently opposed by non-Congress CMs - Naveen Patnaik, J Jayalalitha, Narendra Modi and Mamata Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12904291", "title": "Mangalore colleges prefer uniforms", "text": "MANGALORE: City colleges are planning to introduce uniforms on campus, to ensure that all students adhere to the dress code, and they don't have run into controversies over the burqa. Several pre-university and degree colleges in the city have already introduced uniforms.Recent incidents of Muslim girls refusing to go to college without wearing the burqa or hijab have made institutions do a rethink on the dress code. For other institutions, uniform is a part of discipline.Bharathi College, which is opening its doors to PU students from this year, is mulling introducing uniforms for students. College advisory council secretary JN Bhat told TOI that though there is no uniform for degree students, they have decided to introduce dress code for PU students, but are yet to decide the colours.Government PU College, Kavoor, had a dress code since inception, but in 2011, introduced a new uniform. Boys wear light pink checked shirts and black trousers, while girls wear the same coloured chudidhar with a black shawl, college principal PP Joseph said. Canara PU College and Canara Degree College also have uniforms for students. The college had made wearing uniforms compulsory and this is mentioned in their prospectus too. Canara PU College director Janardhan Pai said girls wear chudidhars with sky blue kurtas and dark blue pyjamas.Padua PU College's dress code mandates a black and white combination for students. Principal Fr Michael Santamayor said this uniform has been in place for the past 12 years. Balmatta PU College and Madusudan D Kushe PU College have also introduced uniforms. It may be recalled that Aysha Ashmin of SVS College, Bantwal, was not allowed to wear a hijab to college in 2009, and later, Hadiya Iqbal, second year PU commerce student of Jain PU College in Moodbidri, too, had to face a similar problem in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "12903984", "title": "Kamaraj heritage house set for a facelift", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: A modest looking house with a tiled roof stands almost hidden in the narrow Sulochana street, where even an auto rickshaw finds it difficult to navigate, in Virudhunagar town. With a lone security man to guard the house, not many are aware that this was the house where legendary Congress leader K Kamaraj was born. But for an occasional visitor - either a history student or an old time Congress man - the house remains largely unknown.But this is now set to change and it might soon become a temple of Congress cadres, as efforts are on to turn it into a museum packed with the late kingmaker's memorabilia. Interestingly, the initiative has come from AusHeritage, Australia's international cultural heritage network, apparently after a request from Virudhunagar MP Manik Tagore.\"We have prepared a set of recommendations for restoration and conservation of the century-old house. The 'conservation management plan' was prepared after six months of laborious study of the house, gathering material on how the house looked then, talking to old timers in Virudhunagar who knew Kamaraj and had visited the house decades ago,'' said Vinod Daniel, chairman of AusHeritage. Vinod submitted the conservation management plan to the district collector M Balaji, who has planned for another round of meetings next week to fine tune the recommendations.\"Kamaraj is the tallest son of the soil in Virudhunagar. The efforts to restore and conserve his house could not have come at a better time as the youth need to learn about the leader,'' says M Sivagurunathan, a Congress functionary whose father, A G Mariappan was a freedom fighter and contemporary to Kamaraj. The recommendations revolve largely on two aspects - removal of physical additions made to the house over a period of time to bring the house to its original form and to collect Kamaraj memorabilia and display them in the house.\"The floor tiles need to be removed. The front door and windows were later additions that should be replaced with the original looking features. In the past, the house was only whitewashed. But now, coats of paint have been given which will be removed. Certain other structures like the portico were altered,'' Vinod said. Australian heritage architect Roger Beeston and architectural historian Antony Hemingway flew down to Virudhunagar in December last year and studied the house diligently. They went around the old houses dating back to 1950s and collected historical information from the local people about the house as well as about Kamaraj.In February, Australian consul general, David Holly also visited the house and said that they wanted to help conserve the birth place of Kamaraj so that future generations could learn from the leader's life and times. \"It is a historically powerful house and this story needs to be told. So we need to have a separate space to throw light on the early days of his life as well as after he entered politics. His simplicity, humility and principles need to be conveyed. Books on him should also be conserved. Besides, a risk management approach to mitigate fire and other disasters should be put in place,\" Vinod said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "karnal (haryana)", "code": "12913916", "title": "Poor sanitation record is blot on India: Ramesh", "text": "KARNAL (Haryana): 6o per cent of women do not have access to proper sanitation in India which is the \"biggest blot\" on a country that has otherwise successfully tested missiles and put satellites in space, Union minister Jairam Ramesh said today.\"60 per cent women in the country do not have access to toilets...We can launch missiles like Agni and satellites, but we can not provide sanitation to our women. What can be a biggest blot on the nation than this?\", the Rural Development Minister said at Nirmal Gram Puraskar-2011 distribution function and Panchayati Raj Sammelan hereIndia is lagging behind its neighbours Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan when it comes to providing proper sanitation to people, Ramesh, who also holds the portfolio of Drinking Water and Sanitation, said.Mahatma Gandhi is the one and only politician in the country who sincerely worked to end the menace of open defecation, Ramesh said.Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan, a re-structured programme of Total Sanitation Campaign, would be formally launched soon, he said, adding that village panchayats concerned would be made responsible for keeping their village open-defecation free.Ramesh said the Central government has fixed a target to make every gram panchayat as open-defecation free in next 10 years and added that the government would increase the fund under the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan from Rs 2,200 to Rs 9,900 per household.While praising the Haryana government and its approach in the total sanitation campaign, the Minister said that he always asked other states to follow the Haryana slogan of 'Shauchalya Nahin To Dulhan Nahin' (No toilets, No bride).\"If you continue this programme in the same pace, in three years your state will become Nirmal Haryana,\" he told state Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda who was present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12905262", "title": "Wife, in-law beat man to death after altercation", "text": "BHOPAL: A man was allegedly beaten to death by his wife and brother-in-law here on Thursday. The deceased, Devi Singh, aged 40, was a resident of Shiv Nagar, in Chhola Mandir police station area.Police said that Singh and his wife Rajni had a tiff in the night after which Rajni and her brother, Gokul, attacked him with a hard object. The victim sustained grievous injuries and died on the spot. The accused brother and sister dumped the body in the house and fled away.Both, surrendered before the police on Friday. A local resident of Shiv Nagar, Balbir Singh, who found Devi Singh's body in his house, informed the police. The deceased and her accused wife had three daughters. Police said the three girls were in the same house after the incident while the duo accused Rajni and Gokul had fled.Both the accused surrendered before the police on Friday morning. Police said the deceased and his wife shared strained relations and Devi Singh had also sold his house due to which his wife Rajni was disturbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12904249", "title": "Want to build Stallone-like muscles? Lift light weights", "text": "LONDON: Eager to have a body like Hollywood action hero Sylvester Stallone or Bollywood hunk Salman Khan? Here's an advice if you are planning to hit the gym - go for light weights rather than heavy weights, says a new study. This is because light weights are more effective than heavy weights when it comes to building muscle, according to researchers at McMaster University in Canada.In their study, the researchers found that carrying out more repetitions of light weights could build muscle mass just as effectively, if not more so, than lower reps of heavy weights, The Daily Telegraph said. The study's lead author Nicholas Burd said, \"Other resistance protocols, beyond the often discussed high-intensity training, can be effective in stimulating a muscle building response that may translate into bigger muscles after resistance training.\"There is a catch. Trainers must still carry on pumping iron until they can do no more - known as reaching fatigue - in order to build muscle mass. With lighter weights that could mean staying much longer in the gym to achieve similar results, say the researchers. However, Burd said the lower intensity workout could be better at building muscles because the higher repetitions \"sustained the muscle building response for days\". The study has been published in the Applied Physiology, Nutrition and Metabolism journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12903111", "title": "HUDA brings down encroachments, fines firm for wasting water", "text": "GURGAON: A dozen encroachments were removed from the stretch between the HUDA City Center and Bakhtawar Chowk, near Apparels House on Friday morning by a team of HUDA officials.The team headed by Sarvesh Joon, a senior HUDA official, had reached the site and removed encroachments which mostly comprised road side shacks.The team also challaned an auto finance firm having office in Sector 44 for wasting water and they had to pay a fine of Rs 2,000. HUDA is now planning a weeklong exercise to remove encroachments near the HUDA markets and shopping complexes. There have been complaints regarding the makeshift shops that have sprung up in several sectors which would be removed during the drive, said a senior HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12910530", "title": "I'm terrified of flight landings: Parineeti Chopra", "text": "Since your film is titled \" Ishaqzaade\", what's your definition of love? I believe, love is finding the person you're happiest with because he understands and accepts you the way you exactly are.It's being said that Salman Khan is supposed to be praising you more than Arjun Kapoor for your performance in \"Ishaqzaade\"!That's been misconstrued a bit. Arjun admits that Salman Khan is his mentor. He is very close to him and when Arjun had shown the promos of the film to him, he had said that he had liked me. There is nothing like me being praised more than Arjun. He has praised both of us. If someone like him says I am good, it's great motivation for me.But does that add to the pressure?I never entered the film industry with any expectation. I wanted to be a banker. Being praised by people and having a superstar as a cousin ( Priyanka Chopra ) is a major boost for me. The fact that people are having expectations from me means that they have trust in my talent. I see it as a positive sign and not a pressure.It's being said that you've fired at least 200 rounds of bullets while undergoing gun training for a month for this movie.The figure must be more than 200. I had to learn how to hold a gun, fire and reload it. Initially, I was very scared. But today, I can differentiate between a revolver, a pistol and a desi katta.So, does India get a star shooter at competitions?No, not at all. I am an actor and I trained to get under the skin of the character. That's it. I don't want to become a shooter.Though you rubbish any claims of sibling rivalry, didn't you ever fight with Priyanka over anything in your childhood?Not really. She is six years elder to me and went to America. By the time she returned to India, she got busy with Miss India. So, we never had to time to really fight with each other.One thing about Priyanka that nobody knows?She is as big a foodie as I am. But she has great metabolic system and hence doesn't put on weight. We are regular chicken mutton eating Punjabis and love our food.Not too many know that you are a trained Hindustani classical singer.I trained while living in Ambala. My guruji came from the Agra gharana and I too belong to the same. I never wanted to be singer. People in my family love music and I pursued it as a hobby.Any interest in doing playback?May be, someday, I will. But right now, acting is my priority. If I get a good offer, I will consider it.Care to share a secret about yourself?I am terrified of plane landing. It's a phobia for me. I must have taken at least a 100 flights and yet, every time, I am about to land, I feel the plane will crash!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905369", "title": "'Witch doctor' jailed for slitting woman's throat", "text": "BANGALORE: A 24-year-old youth who tried to slit a woman's throat to draw blood and perform black magic, was on Friday sentenced to undergo seven years' rigorous imprisonment for attempting to murder her.Fast-track court-12 judge Premavathi Managoli slapped a fine of Rs 7,000 on Venkatesh from Kaverinagar, near Banashankari, who allegedly tried to kill Lakshmamma, a 52-yearold widow living in his neighbourhood, in 2011. Venkatesh will have to undergo one-year simple imprisonment for failure, if any, to pay the fine.Public prosecutor BJ Sumitra told TOI that Venkatesh's sister, Kullamma, was a friend of Lakshmamma. Kullamma distanced herself from Lakshmamma over her regular visits to sorcerers . Venkatesh and Lakshmamma fought over the latter's black magic practices .An exasperated Venkatesh contacted a black magician, who advised him to get the blood, hair and clothes of Lakshmammat o render her immobile for life. On March 12, 2011, Venkatesh barged into her house, slit her throat with a knife, wiped the blood on a handkerchief, cut some of her hair and took away some of her clothes. Lakshmamma's screams drew neighbours , who took her to hospital. Banashankari police later arrested Venkatesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12903550", "title": "Court directs Tasmac to bear medical expenses of employee", "text": "CHENNAI: Tasmac, the state-owned liquor retailer with an annual turnover of more than 18,000 crore, cannot cite a resource crunch to limit the health insurance coverage of its employees to just 1 lakh, the Madras high court has said.Justice K Chandru made the observation while passing orders on a petition filed by a Tasmac employee who suffered renal failure. Though he needed at least 5 lakh for a kidney transplant, Tasmac quoted rules and said he could claim a maximum of only 1 lakh as reimbursement, or else he should go to a government hospital for a free treatment.Rejecting the submissions, Justice Chandru said: \"The ceiling fixed by Tasmac that the employee can get only 1 lakh is unrealistic. It goes without saying that the renal surgery procedure costs much more. Tasmac is responsible for selling liquor to the citizens, which indirectly may cause both liver and renal failure. It is for Tasmac to provide funds for their own employees. They cannot plead resource crunch or hide themselves behind rules.\"A Balamurugan suffered kidney failure and doctors said he needed to undergo renal transplantation, which would cost around 5 lakh. K Balu, counsel for Balamurugan, submitted that his monthly salary was just 5,000 and he paid 80 a month to become a member of the state government-stipulated health fund.In its reply, Tasmac submitted that Balamurugan could have availed himself of renal transplantation in a government hospital without paying any fee. Or else, he could take treatment in a private hospital and claim reimbursement of his medical expenses to the extent of 1 lakh.Rejecting the contention that the employee should take free treatment in a government hospital, Justice Chandru said it is not for Tasmac to suggest as to which hospital he should approach for treatment.The judge then directed Tasmac to give a letter to Shri Ramachandra Medical Centre, where Balamurugan wanted to go for treatment, authorizing him to undergo renal transplantation and giving an undertaking that the entire expenses would be reimbursed subject to the scrutiny of bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12911751", "title": "Osama hideout: ISI claims it tipped off CIA", "text": "WASHINGTON: Stung by lingering suspicions that it was complicit in sheltering Osama bin Laden , Pakistan's spy agency has claimed credit for helping US intelligence agencies locate the high-walled hideout of the terror mastermind.\"The lead and the information actually came from US,\" a senior official of the Inter-Services Intelligence told Washington Post, in what the paper said was a push for recognition ahead of the anniversary of the stealth raid that killed bin Laden.The official claimed that it was ISI which had provided CIA with a cellphone number that eventually led to an al-Qaida courier Abu Ahmad al-Kuwaiti, the paper said.\"Any hit on al-Qaeda anywhere in the world as happened with our help,\" the official said.\"They knew who the number belonged to,\" the official said, adding that he had worked closely with the CIA and turned over thousands of suspect numbers. \"But after that, their cooperation with us ended.\"\"It is the story of an extreme trust deficit and betrayal,\" the official lamented.But the Post said that US officials disputed the ISI version.\"The fact is, our knowledge of the number didn't come from them telling us about it,\" the paper quoted US officials as saying.The paper said many Pakistani politicians have described the May 2 raid as an assault on Pakistan's sovereignty and an example of US arrogance. A Pakistani doctor who helped the CIA in the hunt for bin Laden remains in custody on charges of treason, and his associates are barred from working.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12914089", "title": "Four dacoits nabbed in West Khasi Hills", "text": "SHILLONG: The West Khasi Hills police successfully nabbed a gang of four dacoits from Rajaju village in Borsora-Nongjri area of the district. The four, hailing from Assam , have been identified as Raju Narzari, Ratish Hajong, Arjun Boro and Nilsar Basumatry. Police seized an 'AK-47 rifle replica' crafted out of wood from their possession.Confirming the arrest, West Khasi Hills superintendent of police R Muthu said, \"The gang was involved in an encounter with police on March 28, but they managed to escape into the forest.\" In fact, the four were part of the group that abducted six employees of JP Enterprise from Wahkaji. While they were taking the abducted employees to Assam, they were accosted by police in Mawngap; police managed to arrest three from the group while the other four escaped.\"When we interrogated the arrested, we were told that the escaped members were putting up in Rajaju village. So, we launched a search operation to nab them and succeeded,\" Muthu said, adding, \"It is a big gang, but we have identified the gang leader and he will soon be in custody.\"\"Some of the gang members are also members of the GNLA as they possess identity cards of the organization,\" added deputy superintendent of police TC Chako. He added that they posed as coal mine labourers, but their intention was to make easy money by indulging in criminal activities.Police said that most of the criminal elements operate under the garb of being GNLA cadres and use fake guns that are well-crafted out of wood to instill fear in the people that they target. \"In the last four months, we have succeeded in neutralizing five gangs led by Julius Marak, Kynsai Wahlang Sangma, Rowill Arang in Shallang area alone,\" said Chako.\"They all originate from East Garo Hills and have come to this area only to commit crime,\" affirmed the SP, adding that several members of the gang are either in hiding or on-the-run, but police are confident that they too will be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903434", "title": "500 short-term passports issued to Haj pilgrims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The new norm announced by the Haj Committee of India of not entertaining any application without a valid passport has forced the regional passport office here to work for longer hours.The Ahmedabad Regional Passport Office has in the last one week, just before the last date for submitting the application forms, issued over 500 such short-term passports to the Haj pilgrims.Gujarat has a quota of 3,250 pilgrims. Regional passport officer Anita Shukla said, \"We had received instruction from the head office to issue short-term passports with a validity of one year. These passports were to be issued even if the police verification was pending. In the last week, we issued over 500 fresh passports for those wanting to travel for Haj.\"The new norms announced by the Haj Committee of India will be applicable for aspirants for the next year's pilgrimage. The new rules came in the backdrop of new guidelines of the Saudi Arabian government that only valid passport holders could apply for Haj.Meanwhile, the Haj Committee against its quota of 3,250 received about 36,800 applications from the aspirants.Yasin Mandsorwala, the advisory committee member of the Haj panel, said that out of 36,800 applicants, 5,200 made it to the Haj. Last year, the committee had received 32,000 applications.He said people now prefer the Haj committee as this is a cheaper option against the tour operators. He said that if a person goes for Haj through tour operators, he ends up paying Rs 2.25 lakh.Mandsorwala said that the HCI has also made representation to the central government to scrap the operator's quota and divert it to the HCI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "12905579", "title": "Police beat up kidney patient for ignoring signal", "text": "FEROZEPUR: The station house officer (SHO) of Ferozepur city police station and several other policemen allegedly thrashed a man at Multani Gate chowk here on Friday. The victim has impaired renal function and been inserted with a permanent catheter by doctors since he requires daily dialysis.An eyewitness said Gurmit Singh, 33, arrived on his bike when the SHO, who was going on a police vehicle, suddenly stopped and started beating him up. When a relative of the victim tried to stop the cops, he was also beaten up. They escaped somehow with the help of passersby and Gurmit was taken to a private hospital.SHO Gurdip Singh said Gurmit had ignored a police signal and that's why they apprehended him near Multani Gate. SSP Hardial Singh Mann said he has sought details and action would be initiated accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902929", "title": "Gang rivalry spills blood, two arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was arrested along with his brother for murdering a member of a rival gang, police said. A pistol and two live cartridges have been seized from the accused, Inderpal(35).Inderpal was held along with his cousin Inder during a routine check on Wednesday. The two had illegal arms on them, police said.Inderpal told police that he and his cousin killed one Lalit from a rival gang last week. Inderpal had slapped one Rajiv and Lalit over an issue few days ago, sources said. \"The rival gang decided to eliminate Inderpal. On January 7, they attempted to kill Inderpal but he escaped,\" Anil Kumar Ojha, additional commissioner of police, southwest district, said.After a long chase, police was able to arrest Lalit, Rajiv, Jaipal, Naveen and apprehend two juveniles. However, after releasing from jail, Lalit and his associates reorganized and started threatening Inderpal's gang.\"On the night of April 22, Inderpal along with Inder and his aide Amit killed Lalit by firing indiscriminately at him,\" Inderpal said. After killing Lalit, they dumped his body in a drain in village Kangenheri, Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903522", "title": "Highrises, cell towers hit flight operations", "text": "KOLKATA: Faced with several problems during daily flight operations at the Kolkata airport, the authorities have now decided to tackle the menace head-on.According to sources, the airport authority has used its own specialized manpower and identified 32 obstacles, including highrises and telephone towers, which are acting as a hindrance against smooth flight operations. That's not all. They have now taken photographs of these buildings. These photos will be forwarded to the local municipalities so that \"corrective'' measures can be taken and the obstacles are removed.According to sources, these are mostly located in the mauzas of Salua, Dasdron and Kaikhali. A mobile tower at Salua was mentioned as a 'major obstacle'.What has compounded the problems for the Kolkata airport is that most of these obstacles are located within the critical 10km of the airport runway. \"We want the height of these obstacles to be shortened. Most of the planes land at the airport from the Madhyamgram side while they take off from the Rajarhat-Gopalpur side. The three municipalities, where the pictures will be sent, are the Rajarhat-Gopalpur, Madhyamgram and north Dum Dum municipalities,'' said a source.When contacted, B P Sharma, the Kolkata airport director, who is currently in Delhi, confirmed that the identification process has been completed but he refused to divulge the exact number of obstacles.Aviation regulations have height restrictions for buildings within 10km of the runway. The extension of the runway to the south - in line with the modern airport that is being built - means that many multi-storied buildings that were permitted in the adjacent Rajarhat area may lose some of their top floors. Apart from the high rises, several cellphone towers installed on terraces can be found in Michaelnagar, Jessore Road, Kaikhali and Sukantanagar, all within 2km of the airport.Airports Authority of India (AAI) officials in the city had earlier pleaded helplessness about the potential encroachments on flight paths as no safety survey has been undertaken for the past several years. This survey, by the AAI's cartography department, is supposed to be conducted every two-three years in all airports.\"Earlier, in the absence of a survey we had no way of finding out how many obstacles were there around the airport. We have repeatedly conveyed our concern to the AAI headquarters in New Delhi but now we hope to solve some our immediate problems,\" said a senior airport official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12903081", "title": "Green norms: Crackdown on top firms for violation", "text": "GURGAON: In a crackdown on big players for flouting environment norms, the pollution control department sealed the kitchen and diesel genset of a reputed hotel in Manesar and sealed equipment of two major garment export factories.Assistant environment engineer Dinesh Yadav, who along with his colleague Kuldeep Singh carried out the drive, said that they had earlier issued a notice to Ginger Hotel located at Raheja Square in Sector 2 for non-compliance with the Water Act. \"The effluent treatment plant of the hotel was inadequate.We had lifted samples and all of them failed the test. Since the hotel did not respond to our notice, we took action. We have also written to the electricity department to snap the power connection,\" Yadav said.The officials said they also sealed the washing machines and gensets of General Overseas and Unique Wears, both located in Manesar. Yadav said those companies had also flouted the provisions of the Water Act and they sealed all equipment and facilities with a bearing on the \"polluting process\". The official added, \"In their case also we have recommended disconnection of power supply.\"Recently, the regional pollution control board had demolished the boundary walls of farmhouses in the Aravalis and had challenged influential people for violating the environmental norms. Sources said the crackdown would continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12908494", "title": "Pak students raise concern over inclusion of Salman Rushdie works", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The proposed inclusion of two famous works of India-born Booker Prize winner author Salman Rushdie in the additional courses for MPhil and PhD at the University of Peshawar has raised the ire of students and teachers.The students are planning protests at the university campus and elsewhere in Peshawar, the capital of Khyber- Pakhtunkhwa province over the inclusion of two of the Rushdie's works 'Midnight's Children' and 'Shame' by the department of English and Applied Linguistics.The department's faculty board had approved these books in the curriculum for additional courses for MPhil and PhD.A proposal was submitted to the dean of the faculty of arts and humanities for approval by the Academic Council of the university, The News reported today.The Academic Council, which met recently with the acting vice-chancellor Qibla Ayaz in the chair, approved the proposal \"without even discussing it\", the report said.It further said that the students planned the protests as they considered Rushdie a \"notorious blasphemer\".A member of the Academic Council expressed ignorance about the matter.He said that the Academic Council had met after three years and the body had a lot of things to do.\"We could do nothing but approve each and everything. This also must have been approved without discussion,\" the unnamed official told the daily.Earlier this year, cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan decided not to attend an event in India after learning that Rushdie would be present too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12903163", "title": "High court orders sample recounting of votes from Nasirabad", "text": "JAIPUR: On an election petition moved by former minister Sanwar Lal Jat , the Rajasthan high court has ordered recounting of two rounds of votes from any one table of the Nasirabad constituency, as a test check to know if any irregularities were committed in the 2008 assembly elections.BJP's Jat had lost to Congress's Mahendra Singh Gujjar by a narrow margin of 71 votes in December 2008. Jat objected to the election result and alleged irregularities in counting of votes. Soon, he moved a petition before the high court challenging the election of Gujjar.Justice Dalip Singh on Friday ordered a 'test check' through recounting of two rounds of votes to know if the alleged irregularities were indeed committed. For counting purposes, the votes cast at the constituency's different polling stations were divided over 14 tables and counted in a couple of rounds.The court has ordered Jat to bear the cost of recounting. As such, the BJP leader will have to deposit Rs 50,000 to the Election Commission of India (ECI) and Rs 20,000 as tentative cost of the election petition by May 7. Jat has also been asked to choose the table for which he wants recounting. The ECI would, thereafter, recount the votes within 30 days and inform the high court, which would hear the petition again on July 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12902625", "title": "Race for co-opted posts heats up", "text": "NASHIK: After the election of the chairman of the standing committee of the Nashik Muncipal Corporation (NMC), aspiring leaders have focussed their attentions on getting co-opted. Even as political parties say that they have not decided who would be co-opted from their respective parties, some aspirants are placing their hopes on getting co-opted.Members will be co-opted according to the strength of the party in the house. Among the five members to be co-opted, two will be from the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), while the Shiv Sena, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Congress will be able to co-opt one each. Though the parties say that they have not yet shortlisted anyone for the post, many hopefuls are waiting in line.\"Shiv Sena will be maintaining the trend that it started in 2002, where dedicated volunteers rather than leaders would be co-opted. In 2002, for the first time, volunteers like Rajkumar Suryawanshi and Dadaji Aher were co-opted. This time also the Shiv Sena will be co-opting common Shiv Sainiks who are dedicated to their work. Uddhav Thackeray will decide who to appoint,\" said Shiv Sena corporator Ajay Boraste.A senior leader of the party said they would consider appointing volunteers at the grassroots level, like president of the party's women's wing Shobha Magar or Sunil Godse, Mujahid Shaikh, Manik Sonawane, who have been working diligently for the party without any expectation. \"But, ultimately, the decision will be taken at the top level,\" he said.City chief of the NCP, Sharad Koshire, said that the names will be declared only in a special general body meeting to announce the names of the co-opted members. \"We will give the list on our behalf but the seniors will take the decision. At present there is no movement in the direction of co-opted members. We will decide after the revenue commissioner announces the date for conducting the special general body meeting,\" he said. On being asked about the aspiring candidates, he said that there were many but did not reveal the names.Laxman Savji, city chief of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), refuted reports in a section of the media that he is being considered for being co-opted. \"Our party cannot have a co-opted member. We had a discussion with our ally MNS in the beginning of our alliance that we be given one of their co-opted positions out of the two. But after that we did not have any discussions on the issue with the MNS. If senior leaders of the BJP ask for one place from the MNS and if the latter agrees only then we can shortlist someone,\" he said.A Congress leader without wanting to be named said that leaders like Dr Dinesh Bachhav, Dr Hemlata Patil, Vandana Manchanda and Dr Subhash Deore have asked to be co-opted. \"Senior leaders have conveyed that since these leaders were nominated for elections, we can't give them co-opted places as well. All the leaders who lost the election and do not have people's support want to be co-opted,\" said the leader . Meanwhile, the civic administration is gearing up for the actual process of co-opting the members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902939", "title": "Upset over attendance, teen hangs self in school", "text": "NEW DELHI: A teenager committed suicide on Friday afternoon by hanging herself from a ceiling fan in her classroom. According to police, the girl took the extreme step due to differences with her mother over her school attendance.The deceased Mansi Pawar (14) studied in class IX in Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya in Jagatpuri, east Delhi. Mansi lived with her parents in the vicinity of the school. The girl was found hanging from her classroom's ceiling fan by a crape bandage, said police. A school staffer spotted her body and raised an alarm, after which police was informed.The girl was rushed to a hospital nearby where she was declared brought dead. The body was handed over to the family after the autopsy, police said. Police found that the girl had written on her hand that she was not happy with her life and was taking the step to make her parents happy.\"The suicide appears to have its genesis in the parent-child relationship,\" said DCP east, Prabhakar.The school authority and Mansi's parents told police that she had not attended classes in the past few days. Moreover, when Mansi finally came to school on Friday morning, her class teacher called her mother to school and informed her about her daughter's absence.\"Angry with her daughter's act, her mother reportedly slapped and scolded Mansi. The girl probably felt humiliated and committed suicide after the school got over,\" a senior police official said. Despite repeated attempts, the school authorities or the girl's parents could not be contacted.\"Angry with her daughter's act, her mother reportedly slapped and scolded Mansi. The girl probably felt humiliated and committed suicide,\" a senior cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12904362", "title": "Curpem mine ordered to close down", "text": "PANAJI: Director of mines and geology Prasanna Acharya on Friday evening ordered the closure of a mine operating in Curpem village in Sanguem taluka.Sources in the department said enquiries conducted by the director found that the mine had taken permission for extraction of manganese but was found extracting iron ore. Secondly, it was revealed that a beneficiation machinery was installed at the site without permission.Acharya confirmed to TOI that the order was issued late Friday evening.Sources in the department said that the officials are keeping a check and verifying documents of several other mines for alleged violations.Some applications awaiting approval from the department of mines and geology for extraction of mud have been put on the backburner. Sources said the director has pushed them in the 'cold storage' so that applications are not allowed at any level.In a related issue, the director on Thursday issued an order suspending quarrying licences granted under Goa Miner Mineral Concession Rules, for extraction of mud in five talukas - Bicholim, Sattari, Dharbandora, Quepem and Sanguem - suspecting that it could be used for iron ore mining. The order was issued following receipt of complaints that on obtaining permission for quarrying activity, the applicants misuse the licence for extraction of iron ore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12905008", "title": "Death of two cleaners triggers protests", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Tension prevailed at Bapulapadu village on Friday after locals attacked police and revenue officials following the death of two lorry cleaners upon possible consumption of illicit liquor. The bodies in tow, locals staged a dharna in front of the tehsildar's office demanding immediate action against the bootleggers.The situation turned volatile when angry protestors locked up inspector Ammaji along with some other policemen in the tehsildar's office room. Additional forces from Hanuman Junction and Gannavaram were rushed to bring the situation under control and the police had soon resorted to a lathicharge to rein in the unruly mob.Trouble began when lorry cleaners Shaik Nagul Meera, 32, and Tokala Rajesh, 27 were found dead a few hours after they had consumed illicit liquor. The duo had returned home in an inebriated condition around afternoon without having reported for duty. When, at lunchtime a few hours later, Meera's family members tried to wake the two up they found that the duo was not responding. Thereupon they rushed them to the local government hospital where doctors declared them brought dead. It was then that family members and relatives of the victims rushed to the tehsildar's office .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12911122", "title": "Spectacular summer at Ramoji Film City", "text": "Ramoji Film City, Hyderabad gears up for fabulous Summer Carnival from April 21 to June 10, with more entertainment and extended visiting hours. The Summer Carnival is going to be excellent for vacationers as it would feature spectacular Carnival parade and special entertainment.The spectacular Summer Carnival spread over 51 days, the Ramoji Film City would glow in specially created illumination extravaganza, as every single day will have extended visit hours up to 8.00 pm.During Summer Carnival, tourists can get an opportunity to stay longer to experience more fun, more movie magic and the unrestrained vitality of the Summer Carnival.The Carnival Parade as the centre of attraction of Summer Carnival will be a riot of colours with dazzling showdowns of sounds and costumes. The gentle evening breeze beating the heat of summer, the themed floats of the Carnival with multi-continental variety will hit the avenues of Ramoji Film City and will multiply the evening charms. The jugglers and fire-eaters would engage you with their great mix and mingle acts and the stilt walkers and clowns would assimilate many moods.While celebrating the spirit of Carnival with live band, stage performance and jumbo jamborees, the great evenings will be full of excitement with special dances with music and entertainment and special Carnival cheer and masti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12903543", "title": "Nostalgia reigns high as Capital High School celebrates diamond jubilee today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The floodgates of school time memories were thrown open as Capital High School, the first government school of the city, is all set to celebrate its diamond jubilee on Saturday.Tales of mischief, tons of laughter and voices choked with nostalgia. It was a trip down the memory lane for over 1000 alumni of the school when they received phone calls from their batchmates about the special occasion and an invitation to attend the function. The two-day celebrations will be inaugurated by governor M C Bhandare while chief minister Naveen Patnaik will attend the valedictory function on Sunday.\"I came from Mumbai to attend the school function. School days had a special place in my life and there are memories which I can never forget. I joined the school the year it was observing its golden jubilee and it was a great experience, so I decided to be a part of the diamond jubilee,\" said Sapan Das, an '82-batch alumnus of the school, set up in 1951.Students of the school will present a series of cultural programmes on the occasion. The even will begin with a marathon race, which will kick start from Capital Girls' High School in unit-II. Besides, a blood donation camp will be held by the alumnus.\"I feel really proud to be a part of the school. The school has produced many brilliant students over the years. We have tried to invite old teachers and students to attend the function,\" said school headmistress Bandana Mohapatra.Members of the alumnus fondly recall the 'Tiffin monitor', who used to supply snacks to the whole school during lunch break, for which parents used to give only Rs 2.50 per month, said Mohapatra.Reminiscing the excellent teacher-student relationship in the old days, Mohapatra said, \"The teacher-student relationship is not as it was years ago but we still try to keep a tap on mischievous students. People have a wrong idea that Odia medium schools are not good and are sending their kids to public schools. I can ensure one thing that Odia medium schools are giving much emphasis on education and character building.\"\"We are planning to showcase an audio-visual presentation using old school pictures. Besides, other memorabilia will also be displayed during the function,\" said an alumnus of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12904000", "title": "CIC takes the lead on transparency", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commissioners with the Central Information Commission (CIC), which presides over the country's Right To Information Act, have been voluntarily declaring their assets on the CIC website over the last one year to promote transparency.\"The general public is curious to know of the financial assets and liabilities of those in public positions. We see no reason not to fulfill this curiosity. I feel that, sooner or later, all public servants must declare their assets,\" Chief Information Commissioner Satyananad Mishra said. Mishra made it compulsory for all information commissioners to disclose their assets a year ago.Earlier, Shailesh Gandhi disclosed his assets on the CIC website when he was made a central information commissioner in 2008.\"While citizens want public servants to disclose their assets, little is done to check whether the assets are commensurate with the person's income. While it's important for public servants to declare their assets, it's equally important for enlightened citizens to go a step further and investigate the link between income and assets,\" said Mishra.In addition to declaring their assets, three central information commissioners, including Mishra, have put out details on the list of cases pending before them on the CIC website. Mishra said the remaining commissioners would follow suit.\"With the list of pending cases displayed on the CIC website, people will know if the commission is taking up their case in a fair manner. If someone's case has not been registered, the person will immediately come to know of it. This practice should be followed by all quasi-judicial bodies and the judiciary itself. If this happens, people will know where their cases stand and whether cases are taken up in a fair manner,\" said Gandhi.RTI activists believe that the move to disclose assets and the list of pending cases will set a great precedence. \"I feel that this will inspire all public servants to disclose their assets and will increase transparency. The public will greatly appreciate the move and will begin to trust the authorities. For if someone freely declares his assets, it means he has nothing to hide,\" said Mumbai-based RTI activist Milind Mulay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12913836", "title": "2G: Enforcement Directorate questions Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate today questioned Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar in connection with its probe into his role in the alleged financial irregularities in the 2G spectrum allocation case.Kumar, who met ED authorities, was grilled for about 3-4 hours about various aspects of the finances and operations of the TV channel and his business associations, sources said.Kumar also recorded his statement under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), they said.ED investigators also questioned and recorded the statements of few official representatives sent by DMK MP Kanimozhi on her behalf.The representatives included financial advisors and accountants, they said.Kanimozhi, on April 26, had submitted a set of financial documents to the ED authorities who are probing her role in the alleged financial irregularities in the 2G case. The DMK Rajya Sabha MP, who is attending the current Parliament session, will be questioned soon.She was last year released on bail in the 2G case. Kanimozhi and others have been charged by the CBI in connection with the channelling of Rs 200 crore to DMK family-run Kalaignar TV through a circuitous route. The ED had summoned her for questioning about the transfer of the Rs 200 crore to the TV channel, in which she and Sharad Kumar hold 20 per cent stake each. Some other transactions are also under the scanner of the ED in the 2G scam.The ED, according to the sources, had earlier scrutinised documents related to the DMK MP's income, properties and personal investments and plans to take the probe forward, they said. The ED had earlier initiated attachment proceedings under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) against other individuals and certain telecom firms involved in the case. Besides the cases of Kanimozhi and Kumar, similar probe is underway under the provisions of the anti-money laundering Act against Swan Telecom promoter Shahid Usman Balwa's cousin Asif Balwa, Director of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Rajeev Agarwal and Karim Murani of Cineyug Films (Pvt) Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12902930", "title": "\u2018Pooling an auto cheaper after Brihanmumbai Electric Supply &amp; Transport bus fare hike\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Since Friday's BEST bus fare hike, commute rs said travelling by rickshaw has become cheaper on most short-distance routes. In fact, merely taking the bus to the next stop costs Rs 5.Groups of women , for instance those who live in areas such as Andheri, Jogeshwari and Malad, had begun sharing rickshaws after the previous fare increase. Rather than generate revenue for transport authorities, this fresh burden too is likely to draw people away from the utility.\"The last time BEST rais-ed fares in August 2010, they came on par with rickshaw fares. This time, pooling a rickshaw works out cheaper in most areas. It saves money as well as time and we do not have to travel in crowded discomfort either,\" said sportsperson Shaun D'Silva who lives in Orlem.Residents of Lokhandwala Complex now pay Rs 10 for a one-way ticket to the closest railway station at Andheri. So do travellers to Jogeshwari, which is barely 5 km away. \"The earlier fare was Rs 7 and even then it seemed too high. This time the fare increases by 40% straightaway and see ms exorbitant,\" said Anshul Arora, a college student who studies in Bandra and must take another bus from Bandra station. For distance areas such as Yari Road, it is Rs 12.Residents have expressed their displeasure to officials at the local depot.On Friday afternoon, Sion resident Geeta Sridhar paid Rs 8 for a one-way trip to her workplace in Dadar versus the earlier fare of Rs 6.\"All of, us including my husband and two college-going children, travel by bus each day and will end up spending a minimum of Rs 120 per person every month,\" she said. For her family, the minimum additional spend works out to Rs 480.Interestingly, commuters said they cannot help but notice that two of the biggest transport unions - those of the BEST as well as rickshaw drivers - are both led by Sharad Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908052", "title": "World University Tour", "text": "Universities from across the world are coming to India between May 12 and 18 to meet and recruit Indian students.The QS World University Tour, an undergraduate recruitment event - conducted by the team behind the QS World University Rankings - brings together a range of institutions, including Grenoble, Hult, IE Business School, SOAS London and University of Birmingham, among others, to meet with Indian students looking to study abroad.Marina Tirado, Head of International Development at IE University in Spain says, \"Over the course of the last year, India has played a major role in global business. The talent of Indian students is internationally renowned, which is why we're actively recruiting these future leaders to our university.\"Several institutions participating in the tour will provide scholarships and offer practical advice on how to apply to different financial aid schemes. Attendees will also get the opportunity to speak with admissions directors from universities across the world, receive admissions advice from independent experts and attend seminars on studying abroad.As the event is free, it is recommended that attendees log on to www.topuniversities.com/tour and register online prior to the event in order to secure a spot on the day of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12903876", "title": "Engineer in policenet for online fraud", "text": "PATNA: A high-voltage drama was enacted at the Frazer Road Crossing under Kotwali police station after a police team on Friday chased and arrested an electronic engineer, Amit Kumar (25), when he was fleeing on a three-wheeler from his hotel on Frazer Road. He has been charged with fraudulent online purchases using the ATM card numbers of others, said DSP (law &amp; order) LM Sharma on Friday.Sharma said Amit completed his electronic engineering last year from a Jabalpur-based engineering college and he is a native of Area number-3, Maithon in Dhanbad ( Jharkhand ). Amit' father J Prasad is an electrician with a colliery at Signauri in Madhya Pradesh.According to the DSP, Amit was operating in the state capital for the past eight months. Describing his modus operandi, he said that Amit used to visit different ATMs and take snaps of ATM keypads with his cellphone as customers pressed various keys to enter their PIN.He said Amit then used to do online shopping of different items by mentioning the ATM card numbers and pin of different persons. The matter came to light when one Rahul Bhattacharya, a senior employee of a private firm, took lunch with his sister in a posh hotel. \"When Bhattacharya swapped his ATM card at the hotel, he found there was no money in his account,\" Sharma said and added that Bhattacharya lodged an FIR with the Kotwali police station in this connection against unidentified person.Sharma stated a police team contacted the companies with whom Amit had made purchases and got the IP address and the address of the hotel where the items were delivered. As parcels had been delivered at a Frazer Road hotel, the police team reached there.\"However, Amit pushed a policeman, came down on the Frazer Road and boarded an auto in an attempt to escape. One of the constables took lift from a four-wheeler, chased and arrested Amit at the Frazer Road Crossing,\" he said.The DSP said a case was pending with the Patliputra police station against Amit in this connection. He said the police team recovered a laptop, three cellphones, shoes and T-shirts besides receipts of purchases made by him. The local police are interrogating him.Meanwhile, a police officer associated with investigation of the case said that Amit has a girlfriend in the state capital. Amit admitted that he had also purchased gifts for his girlfriend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12908105", "title": "IISWBM Diamond Jubilee", "text": "KOLKATA: Indian Institute of Social Welfare and Business Management (IISWBM) completed its 60th year on April 25, 2012. The institute had an inaugural session for its 'Diamond Jubilee' celebrations in its campus in the presence of the IISWBM family members. Also present at the occasion were, D K Sanyal, director of IISWBM, Justice Chittatosh Mookerjee, president of IISWBM and Prof P Purakayastha, dean of IISWBM.Sanyal said, \"I feel nostalgic stepping onto the 60th year of our institute's establishment.\" He acknowledged the contributions of the founding fathers of the institute and donated Rs 2 lakh to the institute to pay tribute to the founding director and his father, Prof D K Sanyal. He expressed his desire for a ceremony every year starting this 60th anniversary wherein the institute will pay tribute to the founding director, his father, for his contribution towards the establishment of the institute.All the members of the faculty were requested to come up with ideas and contributions to make the 60th year celebrations a success. The institute has several plans for the year, like hosting seminars, opening a new building named Centre of Excellence in Management Development and also opening the second IISWBM campus in Rajarhat. \"I am sure this institute has made significant contributions in the field of social welfare and management,\" said Justice Chittatosh Mookerjee, summing up the success of the institute for 60 years.The curtain raiser for the Diamond Jubilee of IISWBM began with the lighting of the lamp by all the members of the IISWBM family. Special mention was made about the founding fathers. The faculty and staff members of the past and the present were thanked for their hard work towards making IISWBM what it is today. Prof Purakayastha concluded the ceremony with motivational words, \"As we look forward to the year-long celebrations, we look forward for co-operation and contribution. We will continue to move ahead even amidst the sea of challenges.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12903061", "title": "Haryana bars more than 12-week pregnant teachers from working", "text": "CHANDIGARH: New rules notified recently in Haryana bar more than 12-week pregnant teachers recruited in Haryana from joining work till they deliver and produce fitness certificates. They would not be entitled to get their salaries and other perks during that period.\"Those who are over 12-week pregnant will stand temporally unfit till the confinement (delivery) is over. (Before joining work) senior medical officers or civil surgeons will re-examine them to check their fitness,'' said an official.State school education department director Sameer Pal Srow justified the move. \"It is not discrimination. We are just trying to avoid the loss of studies to students as pregnant women go on vacation shortly after joining duty,'' he said. \"Not only Haryana, even Himachal Pradesh is also following the similar practice.''Haryana School Teachers Association (HSTA) protested the move and sent memorandums to the chief minister. \"It is discrimination against women. Pregnancy is not their fault or weakness but it is the right of a woman to be a mother. A woman conceives the baby not only for herself but for the entire family,\" said HSTA president Vazir Singh. \"Women employees get maternity leave for 180 days. It seems that the government is trying to save salaries during this period. We will continue our protest against the decision.''Lawyer Rajiv Godara said maternity leave is the right of women. \"If the government is really serious about the studies of students, it should find out an alternative mechanism but not at the cost of women's rights.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12904420", "title": "Veterinarians to honour 96-year-old colleague on Saturday", "text": "PANAJI: As the world celebrates Veterinary Day on Saturday, at the little Black Box at Kala Academy, Goa's oldest veterinarian, albeit retired, will step into the spotlight for a felicitation.Lawrence Stephen D'Costa laid down his stethoscope in 1975 after 25 years of service, but on Friday, the 96-year-old didn't miss a beat as he picked up the apparatus to check a feisty doberman and a curious German shepherd pup.\"Today's vets should stick to their profession rather than getting engaged in other affairs (such as business),\" D'Costa says candidly.Born on New Year's Day in 1916 in Bombay, D'Costa graduated in agriculture. But his love for animals saw him study further and obtain a Graduate of Bombay Veterinary College diploma in 1942.Serving initially in Silvassa, the capital of Portuguese territories Dadra and Nagar Haveli, D'Costa was invited in 1949 to work in Goa by Edgar Valles, the then director of agriculture. While not knowing Portuguese was a drawback, D'Costa nonetheless enjoyed the pioneering work being done at the Pilerne experimental agricultural farm whose sheds exist even today.\"It was a time when people had absolutely no faith in vets. We had to force them to even vaccinate their animals,\" D'Costa recalls. Apart from attending to the farm's veterinary section, he would visit different weekly markets with an ambulance in tow.Following his marriage to Amelia Gomes of Chandor in 1951, D'Costa was posted back to Silvassa where he stayed till 1963. There, he also held the post of silviculture, equivalent to today's director of forests, forsome time.\"Silvassa was then wild and rural. Hunting was a favourite pastime,\" says the father of five. Of the many memorable incidents in his life, he remembers being deputed to a sugar plantation at night to apprehend some wild animals that were destroying crops and killing cows. The all-nighter was however futile.One day while relaxing in his veranda browsing through 'The Times of India', a friend turned up and asked what he thought about the possibility of liberating Nagar Haveli from the Portuguese. A few days later, cementing the general talk of liberation, were firecrackers and a bit of commotion that announced the taking over of the local administration by the Azad Gomantak Dal. It was the start of the movement that saw Goa liberated in 1961.After 12 eventful years in Silvassa, D'Costa returned to Goa in 1963 and served as senior veterinary officer, rising to the position of deputy director and finally director, animal husbandry and veterinary services. He worked at the head office (Ganga Nivas), the poultry farm and the dispensary at Tonca.Today, Sirlim in Salcete taluka is home, and Amelia is still the rock that has stood by him through thick and thin. Asked for a photograph, he asserts that it must have his companion in it too. \"After all, such relationships today are more a thing of the past,\" he says, as always, candidly.(The writer is a veterinary surgeon)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12909321", "title": "Mangalore plane crash: Private complaint to be heard on May 29", "text": "MANGALORE: The 812 Foundation, which had filed a private complaint, filed naming 15 persons including Air India (AI), Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) and Airports Authority of India (AAI) as responsible for the Air India Express 812 crash of May 22, 2010, has been adjourned to May 29.The case was filed at the JMFC II court. The complaint states lack of fire fighting preparedness and emergency access roads, issue of license to airport, air operator and pilot in violation of Aircraft Rules and other reasons as the major reasons for the crash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12902802", "title": "\u2018No pay for contractors if bills not given in 45 days\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to curb their nexus with corporators, the BMC has decided not to pay contractors of civil works if they fail to produce bills within 45 days of completion of a project. The move is a part of the civic body's measures to tighten the noose around contractors.According to an official, the contractor will have to submit bills within a fortnight of completion of a project to avail of full payment. \"If the bills are submitted between 15 and 30 days, 5% of the amount will be deducted. Then, roughly 10% will be deducted if the bills are submitted between 30 and 45 days,\" said an official.R S Kuknoor, chief engineer (planning and development), said: \"If bills are submitted after 45 days, the BMC will not pay the contractors.\"Earlier this month, an internal note by the BMC's chief accountant (finance) highlighted the nexus between corporators and civil works contractors. It was then that the civic body decided to come up with a new set of vigilance measures.The note mentioned that corporators abetted malpractices carried out by contractors for ward-level civil works. It asked for a policy decision to discontinue issuing contracts for minor works at the ward level for the next two years, citing large-scale corruption in the execution of such projects.As another measure, the civic body had decided to reduce the scope of civil works that contractors can handle; it reduced the number of contractors involved from 110 to 67 at a given point of time. In the latest revision, the civic body decided to further reduce the number of contractors to 30. However, members of the standing committee objected to the reduction, saying the specified number of contractors would not be enough to handle the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903430", "title": "Police inspector transferred after abuse slur by female colleague", "text": "KOLKATA: Abusing a female colleague even in her absence may land one in a soup. A Kolkata Police inspector learnt this the hard way after he was abruptly transferred on Thursday as the officer in charge of North Port police station to the relatively less taxing Security Control Office.The inspector, it is learnt, was relieved of his charge after a complaint was made by a woman police inspector - incidentally the transferred inspector's predecessor in the police station where he held charge - for abusing her in her absence, but in the presence of her former subordinates. The complainant holds charge of another police station in the Port division.While senior police officers refused to comment on record, sources confirmed the transfer was made pending a complete departmental inquiry into the allegations. These sources indicated the transfer was necessitated to remove any possibility of undue interference, for the reported incident occurred inside the police station where the male officer is the officer in charge.So what really happened leading to this transfer on Thursday? Piecing together the accounts of those in the know, it appears trouble broke out on April 23 when Kuntal Mondal, a home guard, messed up his English while writing an application. Mondal kept referring to his officer in charge as \"Dear Madam\" instead of \"Dear Sir\" and kept referring to him as \"she\" instead of \"he\". The male inspector who took charge barely a month back reportedly reminded the home guard harshly that his superior wasn't a woman officer any longer and allegedly uttered \"abusive\" language about his predecessor. The additional OC of the police station was also present during the conversation.Within hours, the woman inspector managed to learn that she had been abused by her colleague. It wasn't long before she reportedly barged into the OC's room. Based on accounts of others at the police station, she stormed inside, shouted at the OC and other officers present and allegedly even threatened them with dire consequences. The puzzled OC had no option apart from informing his superior assistant commissioner and deputy commissioner.But the woman inspector did not end the issue there. She complained to her seniors, prompting a departmental inquiry. Following an inquiry by no less than an additional commissioner of Kolkata Police, the OC was found \"guilty\" of misconduct and by a late night order, was transferred on Thursday to the Security Control Office. Senior officers, however, maintained it was a \"routine transfer\". It, however, did not explain why no departmental inquiry was initiated against the woman officer for threatening her colleagues inside a police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12903887", "title": "Cong launches 'Pol Khol Yatra'", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee (BPCC) president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser on Friday set out on a 'Pol Khol Yatra' of the state to create awareness about the various alleged scams and acts of omission and commission by the Nitish government. It was flagged off by AICC in charge, Bihar affairs, Gul Chain Singh Charak from the Martyrs' Memorial at 11.10am in the presence of a motley crowd of Congressmen.Minutes later, Kaiser left for Chhapra via Hajipur, Sonepur and Dighwara in an air-conditioned luxury car. Clad in spotless white kurta and pyjama and sporting an 'angvastram', he was accompanied by Charak and Moti Lal Sharma. State Congress spokesman Prabhat Kumar Singh and some other leaders accompanied the yatra in other vehicles. A meeting of the Congress workers of Saran division was scheduled at Chhapra later in the day.Speaking to mediapersons, Charak said that the yatra would expose various scams and misrule under the Nitish government. He demanded, among other things, a CBI probe into the AC-DC bills irregularities of about Rs 22,000 crore brought to light by the CAG. Kaiser wondered why was the Nitish government reluctant to order a CBI probe into the AC-DC bills issue when similar CAG expose had led to arrest of several leaders at the national level. The BPCC president said he was launching the yatra to create awareness on issues like AC-DC bills scam, lapse of Central funds meant for the backward, extremely backward and Dalit people, the alleged 'March loot' of about Rs 1,000 crore this year, purchase of inferior bitumen and medicines and loot of funds meant for MNREGA and Indira Awas schemes. Besides, the party would also highlight power shortage and deterioration in law and order.Congress legislature party leader in the assembly Sadanand Singh said, \"The yatra will clear misconceptions among people about the Nitish government. The government is projecting a picture of 'Bihar Shining', a la the 'India Shining' campaign of the Vajpayee government.\"The yatra will visit all nine divisions of the state in two phases. On Saturday, the yatra will reach Muzaffarpur from Chhapra, where a meeting of Congress workers of Tirhut division will be held. It will reach Samastipur on Sunday and Begusarai on Monday. On May 2, the yatra will leave Patna for Ara via Danapur, Maner and Bihta. The second phase of the yatra would now begin on May 19 due to civic bodies' polls, said state Congress spokesman Vinod Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903552", "title": "Patel-wary Modi dons OBC hat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Soon after Narendra Modi was featured on the cover of Time magazine last month, his media managers went into overdrive saying the Gujarat chief minister was the first Indian OBC leader to get this distinction.Surprising this from a former poster-boy of Hindutva who has shunned the caste tag for wider acceptance in the majority community.But as he faces assembly polls later this year - and aspires for a larger national role later - Modi is clearly positioning himself as an OBC leader for two reasons. First, he is wooing the OBCs to offset a deviant Patel vote-bank. At another level, he is pitching himself against two possible NDA contenders for prime ministership - Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and MP CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan - both OBC leaders.In the past few weeks, Modi has addressed half a dozen OBC gatherings - including Thakor, Koli, Choudhary, Rawal Yogi, Prajapati, Soni and other sub-sections. Though he has also been to Patel and Brahmin gatherings, Modi has attended maximum OBC and Dalit mass-marriages this season.On April 24, Akha Trij, just before attending the engagement of business baron Gautam Adani's son, Modi went to attend a Thakor samaj mass-marriage.At almost every gathering, he has targeted the UPA government for slashing the OBC reservation quota. For the sake of 'Sadbhavana', he, however, doesn't mention this because of 4.5% reservation for Muslims.\"The strategy makes sense. OBCs constitute about 30% and Patels around 20 % of the population in Gujarat,\" says a senior BJP leader. The idea of such social engineering has roots in strategic by-election wins for the BJP in Congress strongholds like Jasdan, Danta and Kathlal.\"Whenever Modi has turned to OBCs it has paid off,\" he said. The latest loss in Mansa assembly by-election last month only reinforced the belief and the BJP really can't depend any longer on solid Patel support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12903533", "title": "Relief for breast cancer patient", "text": "Keonjhar: Some kindhearted people from Bhubaneswar have decided to sponsor the treatment of a poor tribal woman suffering from breast cancer . They got the woman, Sara Nayak, admitted to Acharya Harihar Regional Cancer Institute (AHRC) in Cuttack on Thursday.Relief for Sara, who has been suffering from cancer for the past few years, came following a report published in TOI recently titled \"Healthcare funds elude cancer patient\".\"The news story in TOI caught the attention of some good souls in Bhubaneswar. They contacted me and promised to bear the entire treatment cost. After getting their calls, I sent Sara to Cuttack,\" said Sudhir Kumar Nanda, a councilor in Keonjhar.Earlier, a Keonjhar hospital had referred Sara to AHRC for diagnosis and to estimate the cost of her treatment so that the money could be arranged from the Orissa State Treatment Fund (OSTF). But the cancer center allegedly returned her without giving the expenditure estimate report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12902733", "title": "Former MP Dhote to stage dharna on May 1", "text": "YAVATMAL: Former MP Jambhuwantrao Dhote will sit on a dharna on May 1 to press for statehood to Vidarbha. A staunch supporter of the movement, Dhote has urged all the votaries of separate Vidarbha to observe the Maharashtra Day as 'Black Day'.\"I will stage a dharna at the Netaji Bhavan,\" Dhote said to reporters on Thursday who also accused the powerful political lobby from Western Maharashtra for resisting the movement.\"The BJP at its national executive had supported statehood to Vidarbha,\" he pointed out and regretted that the party to retain its alliance with Shiv Sena has gone back on its previous stand. \"NCP too is playing a double role,\" he said.Development of the region with rich natural resources is not possible unless granted statehood, he explained. Dhote has appealed to the pro-Vidarbhaites to wear 'black flag' on the day.Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS) has extended its support and cooperation to him. VJAS president Kishor Tiwari informed that his supporters would protest in Yavatmal and also arrange picketing at Pandharkawda tehsil office.He has also urged the pro-Vidarbhites to strengthen the movement as a separate state is the only solution for all the problems in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12904857", "title": "Telugu Desam Party leader likely to join YSR Congress", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy got a shot in the arm on Friday when a former MLA of Kapu community Vangaveeti Radhakrishna joined his party and a TDP Kamma leader Vallabhaneni Vamsi hugged him in public, indicating his intentions to join forces with the Kadapa MP.Although it has been rumoured that Vamsi would be joining the YSR Congress for sometime now, his meeting with Jagan on Friday only confirmed his next move. According to sources, Vamsi would quit the TDP shortly and formally join hands with Jagan. Vamsi's overtures could be a significant victory for the YSR Congress at a time when the TDP is trying to launch a smear campaign against Jagan after his aide was sentenced to jail in the Paritala Ravi's murder case. Vamsi was a personal aide of Paritala Ravi.Curiously, Vamsi abstained from the party's district bandh programme against the delay in launching the Machilipatnam port work in the morning and took time to meet Jagan in full public view. Vamsi met Jagan when the latter was stranded in the traffic near Gannavaram on his way to Vijayawada.Jagan hugged Vamsi and spoke to him for a brief while. Vamsi wished Jagan and his friend Radhakrishna good luck before returning to his vehicle. \"It did not look like an accidental meeting,\" said a YSR Congress leader. Both Vamsi and Radhakrishna are close friends but have sailed in two different parties. Insiders said Vamsi has been waiting for an opportunity to meet Jagan as he is uncomfortable working with Krishna district TDP chief Devineni Umamaheswara Rao.Meanwhile, Radhakrishna organised a massive rally to mark his entry into the YSR Congress Party. Radhakrishna tried to prove his mettle in the city by mobilizing huge crowds to the public meeting in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12903265", "title": "Dahanu activist detained for using LPG cylinder in van", "text": "MUMBAI: An environmental activist from Dahanu Nergis Irani was arrested on Friday after she was found driving her vehicle fitted with a household LPG cylinder. She was later released on bail.The use of LPG as an automotive fuel has become legal in India since April 2000. \"But using domestic cylinders is illegal and unsafe as the chances of the vehicle catching fire and explosion is high,\" said Thane rural (traffic) deputy superintendent of police Nagesh Lohar. However, many vehicle owners fit domestic cylinders which bring down the cost of fuel to around Rs 10 a km.Irani (77), known for her fight against the Dahanu thermal power plant for violation of pollution norms in 1995, had parked her Maruti Omni van near the Dahanu post office. A local resident and auto union leader Sanjeev Joshi who was passing by smelt gas and traced the leakage to the parked Omni.Joshi called the Dahanu police who reached the spot and seized the vehicle around 11am.Police said that Irani had made special iron brackets to fix the LPG cylinder. \"The fitting may have been improper and could have caused the leakage,\" the police said. A case under sections 3 and 7 of the Essential Commodities Act and sections of the Motor Vehicles Act was registered against Irani.Irani told the police that she had fitted the LPG cylinder as there are no authorized autogas (which is considered by experts as a safe and eco-friendly fuel) filling stations in Dahanu. Irani was presented before the Dahanu sessions court where she was granted bail.In Dahanu, Irani is best remembered for her fight against the Rs 2,000-crore Dahanu thermal power station. Recently, Irani had written to the Thane Regional Transport Office to take action against illegal autorickshaw drivers in Dahanu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12903690", "title": "Hikaka echoes 'no development' charge", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after walking out of Maoist captivity, BJD legislator Jhina Hikaka on Friday admitted development activities in Narayanpatna, an extremist-hotbed in Koraput district, have come to a grinding halt because of \"disturbances\" during his three years as Laxmipur MLA.Repeating the version he made in an audio tape purportedly recorded at a praja (people's) court, organized by Maoists in Narayanpatna prior to his release, Hikaka said, \"Development activities have not taken place in Narayanpatna during the last three years due to disturbances.\" In an interview to a private news channel, Hikaka, reacting to a query on his alleged failure as MLA in carrying out development, observed: \"Development cannot be achieved overnight.\" He added: \"It's been 65 years since Independence. Some development has taken place and some works not yet done. The development process will continue as will formulation of different government policies.\"Hikaka, who spent the day at his Laxmipur residence in a festive atmosphere surrounded by relatives, well-wishers and party workers, however, chose not to clear the haze surrounding his possible resignation as MLA. In a letter written in Odia and signed by him at the praja court, Hikaka had said he failed to ensure a \"permanent solution\" to problems afflicting Narayanpatna (the headquarters of Maoist-backed Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh) and the government had also not given any attention to it. Ergo, he had written he would quit as MLA and also from BJD and give up politics to lead the life of an ordinary citizen.Since being freed, he and his party have evaded queries on the subject. While BJD leaders have said the decision rests with Hikaka, the 37-year-old tribal lawmaker is yet to give any definite answer. \"I will let you know about it at the right time,\" he told a private news channel. \"I had not become MLA by spending years in politics, rather it was my work in the social sector that made be a legislator,\" he said, avoiding any specific response to the Maoists' resignation demand. \"From the reaction of the people of my area since my return, you can feel the impact of my absence,\" he added, indicating his popularity.BJD sources said party bosses had advised Hikaka not to reveal his mind in public just yet. \"He is expected to visit Bhubaneswar within a day or two. He would discuss the matter with CM and BJD supremo Naveen Patnaik before taking a final call on the issue,\" a party source said. \"Either way, it would be a tough decision for Hikaka. If he prefers to continue as MLA, Maoists might take retaliatory action. And if he quits, his political career could meet a premature end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908205", "title": "Remaking a Nation", "text": "The blurring of disciplinary boundaries and coming closer of the sciences and the humanities is another recent welcome development in the sphere of education, says Samantak DasWhen I compare my own time at university with that of my students' today, I am struck by how much more they know about the world at large than we ever did. Information that took us days, if not weeks, to unearth (and was crucially dependent on the kindness of librarians and generosity of teachers), is now available at the proverbial click of a mouse.Essays and term papers are usually far more broadly and thoroughly referenced and researched than would have been possible even five years ago. Students have ready access to research publications and journals, attend more seminars and symposia and are, on the whole, a great deal more well-informed and articulate that we ever were (or I still am).The blurring of disciplinary boundaries and coming closer of the sciences and the humanities is another recent welcome development. Textual analysis using computational methods unheard of until a few years ago; the preparation of critical, variorum editions using OCR (optical character recognition) and specialised software; developing pedagogical tools using software and multimedia that were, until recently, unavailable outside a major laboratory/ studio are all instances of exciting new ways of looking at the world around us. It is no longer uncommon to see images, video clips and texts from diverse sources being used in a normal, everyday classroom lecture. Yet this ease of access to information has its flip side, to wit, the perceptible diminution of independent, out-of-the box analysis and interpretation. Why spend time in writing a laboriously-researched essay, when a host of sounds and sights can be quickly assembled in a shiny Power-Point presentation? Pastiche, alas, seems to have become the sincerest form of intellectual flattery.So, yes, these are exciting times to be a college/ university student in a metropolis like Kolkata, because there is so much more to experience. The mobile phone, Internet, WiFi, free downloads, one could extend the list almost indefinitely. Yet, such ease of communication and access to information seems not only to have blunted critical faculties but also to have led us dangerously close to a situation which TS Eliot lamented long ago: \"Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?\"One other thing that worries me is the growing isolation of institutions of higher education from the problems of existence faced on a daily basis by, at a conservative estimate, some 40 per cent of our country's population. While those of us fortunate enough to be working, or studying, in such institutions concern ourselves with digital backbones and access to international journals, we, as a nation, rank 134th out of 187 nations in the latest United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Human Development Report.As for solutions, I have faith in the young women and men who are now studying in our colleges and universities and who will, with luck, help higher education descend from its ivory tower and muck in with the messy and difficult task of remaking a nation in these chaotic and exciting times.(Das is Professor of Comparative Literature, Jadavpur University)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903947", "title": "Kid parties become flashier", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Today, young kids are fully wrapped up in stardust feel on their birthdays as their parents willingly turn into Santas throwing lavish bashes to make their evenings memorable! And forget a few thousands, such parties' budget now-a-days cross a few lakhs of rupees.When Ryan Jagnani turned 3 this month, mom Nikita planned a theme party of talent hunt for a bollywood blockbuster. The kids walked in dressed up as new or old bollywood stars and danced on their favourite number on the glamorous neon-lighted stage with look-a-likes stars who were especially invited for party. Their items were showed live on screens as if to hunt the best talent. \"My son knows names of many actors and actresses and loves to dance on numbers. The idea to host a bollywood theme party clicked to me as I wanted one of the most memorable celebrations,\" says Nikita.However, this party-hosting ordeal did not impress his son as after the party small Ryan said, \"All those who came in as Shahrukh Khan and Salman Khan and Aaishwarya Rai had just dressed up like them. I know they were all fake. I asked you to actually call real stats not their look-a-likes.\"With parents' enthusiasm, demands of kids are skyrocketing and a number of organizers are spinning good money riding this bandwagon.Ramesh Makwana from Party Vibe, one of the kiddies party organizers in the city, says, \"Parents want to do something novel and are ready to spend. The latest themes in demand are bollywood, angry birds, toy story and pool splash.\"Urvi Shah, another kiddies party organizer says, \"We get maximum orders in May as many parents whose kids' birthdays fall during March and April postpone the birthday celebrations and host it during summer holidays.\"These parties have glitzy cut outs made to create special ambience, with well-lighted backdrops, balloons and also have interactive games like toy train, bungee jumpers, junior jumpers, balloon shooting, tin-throwing and more. Special kid-menu tailored for these parties often have mini-pizzas, smileys, shaped pastas, mini-idli-dosa, mini-burgers, shaped sandwiches, theme-cup-cakes, golas, jellos, cookie and chocolate counters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12903698", "title": "French woman cremated at Swargadwar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: French woman Sarah Michelle Carbowski, who was found dead in her rented house at Puri on Thursday, was cremated as per pure Hindu traditions in Puri on Friday.Her Odia husband Lalatendu Jena, a Puri-based restaurateur, and her friends, including a few foreigners, were present at her last rites at Swargadwar crematorium.Earlier, Sarah's body underwent postmortem on Friday afternoon. Police said she committed suicide, though the motive is still a mystery. She was found dead in the rented house in Srikhetra Colony. Sarah got married to Jena in 2009.\"We learnt she was suffering from a deadly disease. Driven by frustration, she might have committed suicide,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12904316", "title": "Anna wants action plan for Lokayukta", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as social activist Anna Hazare announced plans to kickstart a month-long drive across Mumbai to garner support for strengthening the Lokayukta, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who held a one-to-one meeting with Hazare on Thursday, suggested the Centre could formulate a model Lokayukta bill for all states.Hazare met Chavan at the latter's residence, where he stressed on the need for granting more powers to the state Lokayukta. Chavan told the media the Centre was \"responsive\" to his suggestion for enacting a model law.Chavan had initially suggested these provisions be a part of the Lokpal bill. While the bill is still under discussion in the House, Chavan said it appeared they would not be a part of the Lokpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12912649", "title": "Don't lecture us on morality: BJP to Congress", "text": "NAGPUR: Countering Congress' jibes at BJP in the wake of conviction of former BJP president Bangaru Laxman in a bribery case, the party today said the Congress has no moral right \"to lecture them on morality\".\"Congress should not lecture us on morality,\" party spokesman Prakash Javadekar told reporters here today.Former BJP president Bangaru Laxman, who was found guilty of accepting a bribe by a Delhi court on Friday, has been sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs one lakh. He has been convicted under the Prevention of Corruption Act for misusing his office and for attempting to influence another public official.Speaking on the issue, Javadekar further said Laxman now has the option of approaching the higher judiciary, which he would do.Criticising the CBI, Javadekar said, \"The way the probe agency has shown quickness of action in this case, it should also show the same pace in the alleged corruption cases like the 2G scam , Commonwealth Games and the cases involving the then Finance Minister and incumbent Union Home Minister P Chidambaram.\"On the cricket maestro Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to the Rajya Sabha, Javadekar said it could not be an alternative to conferring the Bharat Ratna award on him.\"The BJP would like to welcome him (Tendulkar) in the Upper House. But we will stick to the demand of conferring the highest civilian award Bharat Ratna on him. His nomination can not be an alternative to that award,\" he added.Javadekar said the BJP Parliamentary party will meet shortly to demand government's equal share in the pension scheme. \"Presently, the employees as well as the employers contribute 8.33 per cent each, but government's share is not on par. Hence, the BJP will demand 8.33 per cent contribution from the government, which will help the workers get pension in the range of Rs 3,000 against the present Rs 1,500,\" he said.He claimed that around 5.50 crore workers in India will be benefitted through the move and the financial burden on the state exchequer will not exceed Rs 7,000 crore, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12905920", "title": "Parcel with 6 guns found in bus", "text": "JAIPUR: The commercial taxation department on Friday recovered six guns from a parcel being transported through a private travel agency bus. Police said that these guns were being parcelled to Delhi from Udaipur. A licensed arms dealer has claimed ownership of these guns, however, this is being verified.According to the police, the commercial taxation department had seized the bus owned by Rishabh travel agency near Sindhi Camp depot on Thursday night. \"The bus which had come from Delhi was seized after the passengers got down at Sindhi Camp. It was taken to the tax department's office in Jhalana,\" add DCP, east Yogesh Dadhich told TOI.He added that the officials checked the baggage in the bus when they found a parcel containing six guns. \"It has been revealed that these guns had been supplied to someone in Delhi from an Udaipur-based arms dealer Abdul Habeeb. These guns were defective and hence the consignment was being returned to the dealer by the buyer,\" said the officer. He added that however, these facts are being verified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903640", "title": "Court rejects CEO plea on college polls", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Friday turned down a petition filed by state chief electoral officer (CEO) Sunil Gupta seeking vacation of the court's interim order that directed him to conduct elections in state colleges and universities. The interim order was issued on March 7 by Justice Tapen Sen.In the petition, the CEO stated that his office functions under the direction of the Election Commission of India (EC) to conduct elections to Parliament, the state assembly and for the nation's Presidency. It stated that the CEO had no right to supervise or conduct any other election outside the EC's constitutional mandate.It was further argued that the state CEO's office lacked manpower and infrastructure to supervise elections to students' unions in about 450 colleges throughout the state. Neither does it have the experience to do so. Moreover, every college has a separate constitution. So, the court should vacate the order directing the CEO to conduct college elections.On Friday, the case came up for hearing in the court of Justice Sen. Rejecting the CEO's petition, Justice Sen held that the March 7 order was an ad interim one. The court also observed that the CEO should supervise elections to students' unions in the interest of students. It is learnt from the CEO's office that it would appeal against Friday's order.Justice Sen's order states, \"Till the government constitutes a committee for conducting college elections in the state, the CEO will supervise college elections with the help of local police, if necessary.\"SFI supporters in five colleges had earlier moved writ petitions alleging that they have not been permitted to participate in college elections as the ruling party's students' wing and their college authority had obstructed them from filing nominations for their union polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12902690", "title": "'Lethargy of civic body cost it Rs 1.8cr'", "text": "NASHIK: Women self-help groups (SHGs) providing mid-day meals to students of primary and secondary government schools in the city have been deprived of the grant of Rs 1,000 per person per month by Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) as the NMC has failed to appoint persons for the same, thereby losing the grant of Rs 1.80 crore.Despite a number of reminders to the NMC commissioner and administrative officers about the appointment of 'helpers' for the mid-day meals scheme during the entire year, the NMC has failed to clear the appointments. \"According to the scheme, students have to be given the meals in their schools and those who cook and provide the same are given two kinds of reimbursements, one for expenses incurred and the other for the person helping in cooking and cleanliness. There is a 'helper' for every 100 students, who is granted Rs 1,000 per month. There are 1.25 lakh students in NMC. The NMC has failed to make a single appointment and the entire grant of more than Rs 1.80 crore has lapsed,\" superintendent, education officer (primary), zilla parishad, Uday Devre said.The mid-day meals scheme ensures that every child coming to school is given nutritious food, for which rice, food grains and other ingredients are provided by the government. The lot is disbursed to the school, which further appoints SHGs to cook the food. A person from the SHG or one nominated by the education committee of the respective local self-governing body is made the 'helper', who has to cook and also help in serving the meals, cleaning the utensils and the school. Most of the times, SHGs carry this out.Schools in the rural areas complied with this order, but the Malegaon and Nashik municipal corporations failed to nominate helpers. \"After intense follow-ups, the Malegaon corporation in the month of November carried out the appointments, but the NMC has failed. Helpers in Malegaon were able to get aid for three months, but the ones in Nashik have lost the grant,\" Devre said. He added that the office has asked the NMC to be vigilant and appoint the same at least for the next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905631", "title": "Bangalore University registrar gets rid of VC\u2019s man", "text": "BANGALORe: The spat between the vice-chancellor and registrar of Bangalore University took a new turn on Friday when the latter sent a relieving letter to an official perceived as one of the VC's favourites.Syed Jamal, officer on special duty in the examination branch, joined the varsity on April 1, 2009. \"His term expired on March 31, 2012 and he is continuing to work without further orders by the registrar in consultation with the syndicate\", registrar BC Mylarappa pointed out.The registrar's version is that the auditor, government of Karnataka, in his observation pointed out that his continuation beyond one year was objected to as per Section 56 (1) of KSU Act, 2000.In a letter to Jamal, that was copied to the personal secretary of the VC, BC Mylarappa said: \"The services of Sri Syed Jamal as officer on special duty are no longer required and he is accordingly relieved of his duties with effect from the afternoon of April 27, 2012.\"The letter also states that pay and allowances and conveyance allowances that Jamal used during his tenure have to be recovered. These amounts are Rs 6,98,431 and Rs 6,11,861 respectively. The finance officer has been asked to send a report with regard to recovery.This will be a direct blow to the VC as Jamal had stood by him during the path-breaking examination reforms he had initiated. The registrar had moved against another of the VC's men, the legal adviser. Accusing that he had not been coming to office and had failed to discharge his duties, he had sent a show cause notice against him.Sources say the VC called up Jamal and asked him \"not to take the letter seriously\". VC Prabhu Dev, however, was not available for comments despite repeated attempts.Experts say the registrar has no authority to relieve an officer by himself without the VC's consent. \"Exams and valuation are going on. The first set of results will come out on Saturday. I will take a stand after this urgent work is over,\" said Jamal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908104", "title": "Stammering Association praises Vivek Agnihotri", "text": "While the Hindi film industry is notorious for its inconsiderate portrayal of the physically challenged, director Vivek Agnihotri seems to have garnered praise for achieving the impossible.Not only has his controversial film Hate Story won rave reviews, Agnihotri has received fan mail from the Stammering Association praising the sensitivity with which he has portrayed the character of a stammeringstuttering Gulshan Devaiya.An elated Vivek told Mirror, \"After the release of the film, I got this mail from the Stammering Association, which said how everyone makes fun of people who are physically challenged. But for the first time, the association has openly praised Gulshan's character. This is probably a better award for me than box office success. I am happy that the research and hard work put in by us has been well received. They said this was the best possible portrayal and I am happy about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908187", "title": "Julie is giving me the jitters: Shamna", "text": "Shamna Kasim is set for a comeback to Mollywood with the remake of the yesteryear hit, Chattakkari. But constant comparisons to actress Lakshmi, who immortalised the central character, Julie, in director Sethumadhavan's flick, is giving the actress the jitters.\"I never knew people would look forward to the new-age Julie with so many expectations,\" she confides. \"Initially, I started off without any apprehension. But as the comparisons grew, I began to comprehend the intensity of the role I had at hand. Recently, I met veteran actor Sheela for the first time and she was like, \"Oh! So you are the new-age Julie!\" That was when I realised how people of the past and present generations are looking forward to watching the Julie of our times on screen,\" says Shamna.However, she believes she has done justice to her role. \"Working with debutant director Santosh Sethumadhavan, son of director Sethumadhavan who directed the original, was fun. He has a temper and would go ballistic if something went wrong. Later, he would come and apologise saying that it's the pressure building up on him that leads to such outbursts,\" she laughs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "12903329", "title": "FIR delayed, kidnapped girl\u2019s family pays ransom", "text": "BARASAT: Lack of confidence in the police and the fear that their 11-year-old daughter would be killed forced a Barasat couple to pay a hefty ransom for her return in the wee hours of Friday.Though the police claimed that they tried to trace the girl, her family alleges that they had to wait for over an hour to lodge an FIR when every minute counted for the kidnapped child.By the time police actually got into the action, the gang had long since escaped with their victim. The police, however, accused the family of not having informed them of the ransom calls that started arriving after the family lodged the FIR.The victim, the daughter of a ration dealer, was abducted when she was returning home with her brother Roni on a bicycle around 9.40pm on Thursday. The siblings had reached Satya Bharati High School on the Barrackpore-Barasat Road when a Maruti car overtook them and blocked their way.Two men got out of the car and dragged the duo off the bicycle. The goons slapped 19-year-old Roni and pushed his sister into the car as he fell down. Before leaving, they threatened that the child would be killed if the family dared to lodge a police complaint.\"I rushed to the Barasat police station to lodge a complaint but had to wait there for more than an hour. It was only around 11.45pm that police took down the FIR,\" Roni said.The family returned home around midnight and the first contact was made by the abductors a half hour later on the landline. The caller allegedly demanded Rs 40 lakh from the girl's father, Netai Das. This was the first of nearly a dozen calls, say sources. After desperate bargaining, Das claimed that the abductors settled for Rs 2.5 lakh. Sources, however, say that the ransom was Rs 4.5 lakh and Das may not have wanted to reveal this fearing the wrath of the kidnappers.According to the criminals' instructions, Das left home around 3.45am on Friday with his wife, carrying the money in a bag. Das rode his motorcycle for about 2.5km to Bamunmura, on the outskirts of Barasat. They were asked to place the ransom bag on the road. A few minutes later, a man who had been so long behaving as a lunatic, grabbed it and disappeared into the darkness.Around 4am, Das received a call from the gang, saying they had received the money and that the girl was in the waiting room of Barasat district hospital. \"We rushed to the hospital and found our child. She was traumatized and weeping. She is not speaking to anybody and seems to be drowsy. We suspect she was drugged by the kidnappers,\" Das said.The police say they weren't aware of the ransom. \"Soon after receiving the complaint, we cordoned off the area and started combing operations. But the girl's family did not inform us of any ransom call or money paid to the abductors. We later came to know that the girl returned home. The family did not even inform us of her rescue. We have started an investigation,\" said North 24-Parganas SP Champak Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12914086", "title": "Traffic diversions for pipe laying by water department", "text": "VARANASI: The city will witness traffic diversions due to digging of roads for laying pipelines by UP Jal Nigam on Sunday (April 29).According to Vinay Chauhan, traffic inspector (TI), the traffic diversion would be witnessed from Gurudham crossing to Ravindrapuri, Sunderpur crossing to Brij Enclave (diverted to Sunderpur-DLW road), Sigra to Maldahia (diverted to Englisiyaline and Kashi Vidyapith), Asi -Gadaulia road diverted to Ravindrapuri due to ongoing work. There wil be no diversion due to digging of road at Nadesar crossing, he added.It may be mentioned here that the district magistrate had instructed the traffic police to come up with diversion plans to regulate traffic movement due to the digging work in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12914178", "title": "Slow pace may delay Karsara solid waste managment plant", "text": "VARANASI: How long will it take for the solid waste management (SWM) plant at Karsara to become operational? While the company entrusted with the responsibility of collection and disposal of waste in the city claims to be striving hard to make the much-awaited plant functional by next month, it is still an uphill task reveals a survey of the site by the TOI team.When TOI visited the Karsara plant located on the border of Varanasi and Mirzapur district on Saturday, the slow pace of the work was enough to suggest delay in the project. Not only the electrical poles erected outside the boundary of the plant were without electrical wires, much of the work for pre-sorting and composting units under the plant was yet to be done. Similarly, the cranes for lifting and positioning of transported waste to the site along with conveyer belts for carrying them to the composting unit were yet to be made operational. The sanitary land fill area for disposing wastes from the site was also not cleared while the work of construction of a number of structures, including pre-processing/segregation unit and shades including monsoon shade, compost processing shade, compost curing shade, store room, boundary wall, quality control lab building, weighing bridge and water supply were still in progress.However,YB Singh, senior project manager (processing and distribution) of Gurgaon-based company that was developing the infrastructural facilities for integrated SWM project at the site, maintained that efforts were on to start the plant soon to provide respite from dumping of garbage at various places in the district.\"Presently, we are dumping about 400 metric tonnes (MT) of garbage collected from different wards of the city at Kaithi vilage on the outskirts. But, with start of double line channelising unit, the plant would have the capacity to handle 800 MT of waste per day. We are hoping to make the plant operational in the next month and if things work according to plan, the plant could get started even earlier, in the first week of May this year,\" he informed TOI.It may be mentioned here that the ambitious SWM project worth Rs 48.67 crore has already lingered for the past five years, after getting sanctioning and approval in 2007. While the acquisition of nearly 45 acres of land required for the project delayed it initially, the delay in construction of approach road to the site halted the operation last year. The infrastructural development for start of the plant gathered momentum in 2010, after acquisition of nearly 38 acres of land in Karsara and Rudauli villages for the project.When SN Singh, additional municipal commissioner, Varanasi Nagar Nigam was contacted, he maintained that the approach road had been already constructed and the VNN was supporting the efforts to get the plant started soon.Meanwhile, as the plant has received load sanctioning of one mega watt (900 KVA), the authorities believe that it would require around 1.5 MW load sanctioning to get things started. \"We have already asked for extension of load sanctioning from Poorvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Ltd and it would pave the way for expedited efforts to get the plant fully functional,\" added SK Singh, deputy general manager (Civil) of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12905100", "title": "Stars nominated to Parliament further Mumbai\u2019s makeover", "text": "Actor Rekha and cricketer Sachin Tendulkar will be the latest among a host of celebrities, from cinema and sports, to enter the Rajya Sabha. Prithviraj Kapoor was among the earliest actors to be nominated to the House, followed by names like Nargis, Dilip Kumar, Vyjayanthimala, Dara Singh, Lata Mangeshkar and Jaya Bachchan. While many of them used their star appeal to espouse public causes in their new roles, others rarely made their term felt.However, several celebrity MPs from the city have helped its cause and been instrumental in key development projects. Of the more recent nominees, Hema Malini (2005-09 ), Shabana Azmi (1997-2003 ) and Shyam Benegal (2006-11 ) have actively worked for several causes. Malini and Azmi have worked for beautification of Juhu and other issues. \"I am happy that Rekha has been chosen. I am sure she will gradually know how parliament works,\" Malini said.Benegal, who just retired from the Rajya Sabha, focused on health and education for projects from across the country . \"We are here in the role of cultural ambassadors. One need not necessarily utilize funds for the roads of the city which is actually the BMC's job,'' he said. Benegal feels Sachin need not attend Parliament regularly but can still help promote sports issues across the country. MP Rajiv Shukla said, \"It is not mandatory for members to attend regularly, but is nice to see them participate in debates.\"Actor Anupam Kher said, \"Celebrities involved in social causes should be considered for Parliament,'' adding, \"Sachin is the right choice. His presence in Parliament will make a difference.\"Lyricist and poet Javed Akhtar, nominated to the Rajya Sabha this year, plans to utilise Rs 28 crore of his MPLAD funds for the 'Vision Juhu' project, to develop 10km of open space from one end of Juhu, along the Irla nullah.Azmi utilised her MPLAD funds for development work in slums, setting up balwadis and improving the city's coastline. She said being an MP was a rewarding and an enriching experience. \"My attendance was 100%. I spoke on slums, women, health and communalism. One should never accept the position if unable to give it time,\" she said. \"Often there is a disconnect between those at the grassroots and those who frame policies. I went to Parliament to be the voice of the grassroots where legislation is framed,\" Azmi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12904334", "title": "Goa Medical College to use autoclave technology to treat bio-medical waste", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim, will use autoclave technology, a non-burn method of treating bio-medical waste after a project to install the sophisticated machinery is completed by May-end.The turn-key project is estimated to cost 5 crore and is expected to provide relief to the state's biggest health institution in waste management. GMC is facing flak from citizens after it came to light that part of its waste, including bio-medical waste, is being dumped and burnt in a quarry within the complex. \"The project is also aimed at phasing out incinerator burning of waste,\" Rajan Kuncolienkar, GMC medical superintendent said.The autoclave machine sterilizes bio-medical waste, using high pressure saturated steam. Infectious and contaminating content of waste is neutralized through this pre-disposal treatment. \"The machine which is being installed will have a capacity to handle about 1,000 kg per hour, which works out to 130 kg per cycle of 35 to 40 minutes,\" Dr Kuncolienkar said.The health care association receives about 500kg of medical waste from city clinics within the jurisdiction of the corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP), TB hospital, dental college, Asilo hospital in Mapusa and Hospicio hospital in Margao among others.The incinerator at the GMC has a limited capacity of burning only 60 kg per hour. Another pilot project, plasma pyrolysis, which was taken up on a pilot-basis to treat about 20kg of waste at GMC is in the doldrums due to technical reasons, as the central pollution control board has not approved the technology.Goa civic and consumer action network (GOACAN) had recently filed a complaint after TOI carried a photograph of garbage being burnt at GMC complex, raising health concerns. \"It is most likely that the GMC will adopt steps to find an immediate or temporary solution to the problem. However there is an urgent need to put in place a permanent solution for their waste management issues,\" Roland Martins of GOACAN said.The NGO had petitioned North Goa collector to initiate steps, including a site inspection, to assess various aspects related to the garbage management at the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12903085", "title": "Foresters rescue tiger caught in poachers\u2019 trap at Palasgaon", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest officers have concluded that Bawariya type jaw traps were used to poach the tigers in Palasgaon range in the buffer zone of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) on Thursday.A sub-adult tiger was killed, while a full grown tiger was seriously injured after being caught in the traps on Thursday afternoon. The injured tiger was rescued in the wee hours of Friday and shifted to Nagpur for emergency treatment.Poachers had laid three traps, two on separate tracks approaching the water hole and one on the bank of the waterhole itself. They had laid out thorny bushes besides the tracks to ensure the tigers walked along the clean track where they had laid the traps.Similarly, the bank of the waterhole was also matted with bamboo in such a fashion that the tiger could approach the water only from the place where the trap was laid.\"Tigers have the habit of walking on clean path in the jungle. Poachers had put thorny bushes all around to guide the tigers down the path where traps were installed. Of the three tigers that approached the waterhole on Wednesday, two were trapped while the third escaped fortunately,\" said forest officers.The tiger that died was caught in the trap at the edge of the water hole, while the one that was rescued was trapped some 30 feet away. Forest guard MB Zade's leg was trapped in the third jaw trap, but fortunately his shoe preventing any serious injury.Anti-poaching experts who visited the spot on Thursday night claimed that though the traps were of Bawariya type, it is likely they were installed by Baheliya poachers. \"Bawariya poachers hail from Haryana, while Baheliyas belongs to Katni area of Madhya Pradesh. In the latest trend, Bawariya gangs often supply the traps for poaching to Baheliyas. Hence, though the traps were of Bawariya type, involvement of Baheliyas cannot be ruled out,\" said Nitin Desai, Central India director of Wildlife Protection Society of India (WPSI), who visited the scene on Thursday night.Veterinary doctor PD Kadukar and Dr Turankar aided the tranquilization and rescue of the trapped tiger in the wee hours of Friday. The tiger was rushed in a treatment cage to Tadoba inside TATR and examined by vets.\"The rescued tiger is full grown and aged around eight years. A few toes of its left forelimb were trapped in the jaw trap and are dislocated. It is having difficulty in standing. The tiger will be sent to Nagpur for further treatment,\" said Dr Kadukar.He also informed that the dead tiger was aged around 2-3 years and is likely to have died on Thursday morning. \"It died of internal bleeding and dehydration. It must have struggled hard to free itself from the trap and sustained internal injuries. We have discovered haemorrhage in the chest,\" he said.Foresters claimed that the third tiger, which escaped the traps, was lurking in the same area till late in the night and its growls could be heard by forest rescue workers.This particular area is inhabited by a tigress with two sub-adult cubs aged around two years. Initially, it was assumed the tiger that died was a cub and the one still alive was its mother.However, forest officers were surprised when the tiger that was alive turned out to be a full grown male. Officers say this full grown male appears to be a floating tiger that had moved into the area in search of a mate. The tigress and its second sub-adult cub are safe and free in the same jungle, forest officers claimed.National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) member secretary Rajesh Gopal is flying down from Delhi on Saturday for a spot visit.Officers have already asked all forest ranges to check water holes and surrounding areas for similar traps.A high alert has been issued in entire district and forest, and the police department has also launched a manhunt for poacher gangs.Cops laid pickets on key roads across the district during the night to check movement of poachers. Even railway stations were checked for presence of poachers in the night, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12905236", "title": "Betul BJP leader slapped hefty fine for illegal mining", "text": "BHOPAL: A BJP leader from Betul district has been served a notice by the state mining department for his alleged involvement in illegal mining activities and also slapped a hefty fine of Rs 3.95 crore on him.In a joint operation, the mining and revenue departments conducted raids on the premises of BJP district vice-president Tapan Biswas on Thursday. After an investigation in a stone quarry in the Aamdoh area, a heavy penalty of Rs 3.95 crore has been slapped on him.Mining inspector Devendra Patle told TOI: ``Tapan Biswas was allotted a mining lease for excavation of stone quarry number 576 stone in the Aamdoh area in Betul district.'' The district administration received a tip-off that the BJP leader was engaged in illegal mining spreading the operations into adjoining stone quarries not allotted to him by the mining department.Tapan Biswas' wife Seema Biswas is a member of the district panchayat. The couple is known to be politically influential and powerful in the district.After district collector B Chandrasekhar gave the green signal for the raids, a team of officials raided the spot and mapped the area and found that Tapan Biswas's mining operations had spread to areas much beyond the portion of the stone quarry allocated to him.According to mining inspector Devendra Patle, preliminary investigations found illegal mining to the tune of 35,000 cubic metres of stones and massive quantities of 'kopra' --filling material used for laying foundation of buildings during construction. Besides imposing a penalty, revenue officials registered a case and a notice for cancellation of stone quarry has been served on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903453", "title": "Governor \u2019s healing touch for \u2018terrified\u2019 teachers", "text": "KOLKATA: Teachers of Bhangar College along with representatives of the West Bengal College and University Teachers Association (WBCUTA) met Governor M K Narayanan at Raj Bhavan on Friday to apprise him about Tuesday's incident when a teacher was injured in an alleged attack by a Trinamool Congress leader.The teacher, Debjani Dey, filed an FIR later on Friday night.Debjani was injured in the chin when former Trinamool MLA Arabul Islam - who heads the college governing body - allegedly threw a glass jug during an altercation in the staff room.The teachers asked for an appointment with the Governor and were granted.The 10-member delegation of teachers and Wbcuta representatives spoke to the Governor for nearly an hour in the evening. They told the media later that Narayanan had assured to look into the matter.\"We told the Governor that the teachers are extremely apprehensive about the possible consequences of Tuesday's trouble because Arabul Islam has threatened to 'deal with them'. All the teachers, many of whom are women, have to travel 70-80 km to and from the college every day. They are really scared. We appealed to the Governor to ensure their safety,\" said Tarun Patra, general secretary of Wbcuta.\"Teachers have been threatened in no uncertain terms that it would be measure for measure, inch by inch. Sitting in Kolkata, you cannot imagine the scene at the college. The teachers fear for their lives,\" he added.On Tuesday, as the teachers gathered in the staff room to discuss the Wbcuta elections, they allegedly got a diktat from Arabul that they should vote for Trinamool on all five seats. When the teachers protested, a quarrel broke out between the two parties and Arabul allegedly screamed and insulted the teachers and called them \"CPM moles\", say sources. When Debjani stood up to him and \"wagged her finger\", Arabul allegedly threw a glass jug at the teachers and it hit Debjani.The Governor was upset that the \"teachers felt insecure and insulted\" and that \"he would take all necessary steps\". The teachers said they would also meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee and appeal for help. \"How will we work in peace if such a situation prevails? The minimum we want is security,\" appealed the teachers.College principal Nani Gopal Barik had earlier said that the teachers did not mention that Arabul had thrown a jug at them. Patra on Friday explained that the teachers did not mention the assault \"out of fear\". \"However, in the memorandum we have given to the Governor, we have clearly mentioned everything,\" Patra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12904026", "title": "\u2018Land allotted to President in excess of norms\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rashtrapati Bhavan's damage control measure on the controversial defence land allotment to President Pratibha Patil for her bungalow comes after recent months have seen several media reports alleging that the home in Pune's Khidki Cantonment is being built at the expense of land meant for defence personnel. A tract of land measuring 2.6 lakh sq feet was provided to Patil and a house with a plinth area of 4,500 sq feet is being built that is much in excess of her entitlement.The unsavoury row has damaged her legacy as the first woman president with her tenure also under scrutiny for the large tabs run-up during her foreign tours on which she was accompanied by a sizeable contingent of relatives.The Pune-based NGO has alleged that the land allocated is in excess of norms and in the \"A1\" category that can only be used for military purposes. The President's decision to opt for a home outside Delhi-where she would be eligible for generous post-retirement accommodation-was also criticized.Seeking to rebut allegations that the home was coming up on land meant for war widows, a Rashtrapati Bhavan statement pointed to Patil's record as Rajasthan governor. \"If as governor she had pursued the matters of war widows with passion and concern, and if she had objected to even the temporary shifting of the Western Command Headquarters to the war widows hostel and rehabilitation centre in Jaipur, would she ever think of dislocating or come in the way of creating accommodation for war widows or occupy a property allegedly meant for any such purpose as her post retirement home,\" the statement asked.RTI documents revealed the President had spent an unprecedented amount of over Rs 200 crore in travel to various countries forcing her office to issue a clarification that the increased tours are an indicator of India's growing economic power and global profile. The justification did not wash in public with the President unable to shake off the perception that the costs were prohibitive. Describing media reports on the Pune home as \"fallacious observations\", Patil's OSD Archana Dutta said the President was \"pained\" at being accused of being \"insensitive to the cause of war widows and ex-servicemen\".\"Hope this will put an end to all misgivings in this regard,\" the statement said, seeking to bring to an end the controversy after Suresh Patil, a retired Lt Col of the Pune-based 'Justice for Jawan' NGO, released details on government's plans. Lt Col Patil claimed a house with a plinth area of 4,500 sq feet is being built for the President by bringing down two British era bungalows.However, Rashtrapati Bhavan maintained there was no wrongdoing or violation of rules. Reiterating her stand, Dutta said the accommodation proposed to be allocated to her by the defence ministry was never indicated as one earmarked for war widows. \"It was to be allotted to her for use as her post-retirement residence only during her lifetime with no rights of ownership, transfer lease, etc,\" the statement said. In the statement, Rashtrapati Bhavan said the President had chosen not to react earlier as she felt she was \"answerable to the Constitution of our country and her conscience. It was expected that once the facts were made public it would convince the people concerned...But despite clarifications given by the President's Secretariat, it is unfortunate that the misgivings continue to persist,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903374", "title": "Tainted cop accused of assault, again", "text": "KOLKATA: Just three days after constable Tarak Das - a Trinamool Congress member - rejoined service after been suspended for allegedly beating up journalists, he is yet again in the news for the wrong reasons. This time he is accused of beating up a fellow Trinamool worker late on Thursday night.No action has been taken against Tarak though he is a policeman, hence presumably not too difficult to trace. It's been more than 24 since the FIR was lodged.Police suspect that a rivalry over supply of construction material is behind the attack on Pradip Ghosh, who had a business partnership with Tarak till recently.Patuli police station has registered a case under Section 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt with a weapon of offence that is likely to cause death). They say that they are \"trying to arrest\" Tarak who has been mentioned by name in the FIR.The incident once again highlights the crimes spawned by the construction business that is worth crores in the southeast fringes of Kolkata.The fact that Tarak is yet to be arrested raises questions on the Kolkata Police and its investigations especially since the accused is a serving policeman. While DC, south suburban, Sujoy Chanda remained unavailable for comment, DC (Port) Mehboob Rehman simply said he was \"aware of the incident\". \"We are awaiting a report on the incident and will do the needful according to law,\" he said.Metiabruz, where Tarak is currently posted, comes under Rehman's jurisdiction. And Patuli comes under Chanda's jurisdiction.According to the victim's family, Pradip, a sub-supplier living in Birnagar area of Baghajatin near New Garia, was going to buy medicines on Thursday night when he noticed a truck unloading stone chips. \"Pradip found that Tarak's brother was co-coordinating the operation. He was upset and accused Tarak of trying to harm his business. This led to an argument after which Tarak and at least five of his aides attacked him from behind and hit him on the back of his head with a bamboo pole. Pradip fell on the road and lost consciousnesses,'' said Srikanta Ghosh, his elder brother who is employed with the railways.Pradip was taken to Peerless Hospital where doctors said they needed to observe him for 48 hours before declaring him out of danger. Doctors said he has regained consciousness and is now in the intensive therapy unit.\"There was excessive bleeding. He needed some stitches. We have kept him under observation,\" said Dr Sudipta Bhattacharya, deputy medical superintendant, Peerless Hospital.It was Srikanta who had initiated Pradip to the Trinamool, said the family. Locals say Tarak was initially warned to \"mend his ways\" by both the local CPM and Trinamool leadership. Locals once beat him up several years ago when there were allegations that he was ill-treating his parents.Talking to TOI, Pradip's wife Kalpana claimed that even after Tarak was suspended for allegedly beating up journalists, he \"continued to extort from local businessmen\". \"My husband has time and again complained to the Trinamool leadership about his activities. That is how he developed an enmity with Tarak,\" she said, denying Pradip had business links with Tarak.Locals allege this is not the first time that Tarak beat up someone or interfered in a land dispute in Baghajatin. \"There are several cases against him but all of them are under bailable sections,\" said a police source.Tarak shot into prominence on February 28 when the Gangulybagan CPM office, which served as former CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee's election HQ, was ransacked by Trinamool men during a Left-backed strike. At least three journalists beaten up for covering the incident. It was alleged that Tarak was one of the attackers.It was not until four days later, on March 3, that the police suspended Tarak (it was Rehman who handed him the suspension letter) and he surrendered in Alipore court. The police had then said that he would remain suspended till all the departmental proceedings were over. He was reinstated around seven weeks later.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had at that time denied the incident and claimed it had been staged and that journalists were \"lying\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12905246", "title": "MP hamlet gets water supply only once a week", "text": "BHOPAL: Imagine living in a place that gets just 30 minutes water supply in a week!And if you want to experience it, then plan a visit to Bakswaho in Chhatarpur district of Bundelkhand region of Madhya Pradesh.With the rise in mercury, severe water crisis has gripped 15 urban areas of 11 districts, especially in impoverished Bundelkhand region. Shujalpur township of Shajapur district was getting water for just an hour in five days, according to the latest figures of MP urban administration and development department.Two townships - Patharia and Banda in Damoh and Sagar districts both in Bundelkhand were getting water in three or more days, the figures revealed.Sehore township in Bhopal division was getting water in three or more days. situation was no better in Neemuch, Alirajpur, Megnagar in tribal dominated Jhabua district, Dongar Parasia, Chourai, Chandameta, Badkuhi in Chhindwara district, Aatnar in Betul district, Biaora and Maachalpur in Rajgarh, it added. The places like Bakswaho facing acute water crisis are dependent on tubewells. The civic bodies pump water in the overhead tanks from where the water is supplied to households, officials said.MP UAD commissioner Sanjay Shukla said that work to provide water across the year is going on in 70 urban areas across the state. Around Rs 76,677.36 crore has been sanctioned for such projects under different schemes, he added.He said that they were focusing on supply water from river or big dam to the urban populace under the upcoming projects, adding that they weren't relying on ground water given that its level was depleting.Of the total 7.26 crore population of MP, 2.01 crore people live in urban areas, officials said, adding 14 municipal corporations, 100 municipalities and 263 municipal councils look after them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12903134", "title": "Engineer hangs self in jail toilet", "text": "GURGAON: A 22-year-old hardware engineer serving a term in Bhondsi jail was found hanging in the prison toilet on Friday morning. Parveen Sharma, a native of Devaria in Uttar Pradesh, had left an eight-page suicide note in which he had written his \"only crime was that he was in love with a girl\".Parveen had hanged himself from a hook using a blanket as the noose.He was serving a term at Bhondsi jail for the past five months in barrack No. 7 on the charge of rape. Fellow inmates reported to jail authorities that they saw the body hanging in the prison toilet around 4.30am.A senior police officer said that he had written in his suicide note that he was in jail because he had fallen in love with a girl, who was in Class 12. He blamed the girl's family for his extreme step. In November 2011, when the girl's father denied permission for their marriage, Parveen had eloped with the girl. The girl's father lodged an FIR against Parveen alleging abduction of his daughter.After a month, the couple were caught by the police in Ahmedabad in Gujarat. On December 15 the police arrested Parveen and a city court sent him to judicial custody.\"My son loved a girl in the neighborhood and they wanted to get married but the girl's family members lodged an FIR against my son charging him with rape after putting pressure on the girl. These are the circumstances under which he has ended his life and the family members of the girl are responsible for the death of my son,\" said Ramakant, father of the deceased man.\"A postmortem, conducted by doctors in the presence of the area magistrate, was videotaped. The body of the victim handed over to his kin and the viscera will be sent to Forensic Science Laboratory, Madhuban. A magistrate inquiry is being made into the case,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12904690", "title": "Chandigarh Transport Undertaking to run buses at night", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In case of an eventuality at night, city residents can now take a bus to hospitals. Those working late at night in Rajiv Gandhi Chandigarh Technology Park can also avail of the facility.As part of its plan to cut down on buses plying on inter-state long routes, UT administration has finalized a plan to run buses at night. Buses will also be run on two proposed routes of Metro Rail.The buses will run on key routes on the sectoral grid. After providing long route service to other states for several years, Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU) has stopped the service lately to strengthen the local fleet.However, bus occupancy continues to be low in a city which has the highest per capita vehicle ratio of 2:1. The administration has been taking steps to popularize public transport system in the run up to introduction of MetroRail but even introduction of air conditioned mini buses in 2009 hasn't brought about a change in mindset. In June last year, CTU claimed that there was an increase of 6% in occupancy as compared to the last year.The move to run more AC mini buses on city roads is in keeping with the mass rapid transit system (MRTS) planned for the city as part of the Metro Rail project expected to be implemented in four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12904415", "title": "Jinx keeps D V Sadananada Gowda away from Chamarajnagar town", "text": "MYSORE: On Friday chief minister D V Sadananada Gowda joined the band of his predecessors when he avoided visiting the jinxed town of Chamarajanagar. The chief minister is on a tour to the drought-hit Chamarajanagar district and instead of visiting the headquarters, he arrived in Kollegal and chose MM Hills to review the situation.Though the CM stayed overnight in the border district, Chamarajnagar town, the district headquarters, did not figure in his itinerary, whereas during his recent visit to Mysore district and several other drought-hit districts of north Karnataka, he stayed in the respective district headquarters.Upon his arrival at Kollegal, when asked why he did not visit Chamarajnagar town, he said: 'Naanu ega Chamarajanagar Jillealli irodu (I'm in Chamarajnagar district now).\" Trying to downplay skipping a visit to the district headquarters, he said he is not afraid to visit the town and he will come to Chamarajnagar town and review the situation. Asked when he said, \"I cannot specify the date given my engagements as the CM.\"Luck factor!The jinx attached to Chamarajnagar town, located 61 kms from Mysore, is that any chief minister visiting the town will loose his post within six months of visit. The belief started doing rounds in the 80s after S R Bommai and Veerendra Patil lost power. Successive CMs starting from S Bangrappa to Dharam Singh didn't visit the town. However, H D Kumaraswamy braved the odds and paid a visit on May 28, 2007, when he became the first CM to be at Chamarajnagar town in 16 years. It is now five years that the town has not seen a CM visiting it.Former minister and Chamarajnagar Congress chief H S Mahadeva Prasad was critical of the CM saying it will send a wrong message. \"Four months ago when the MLAs from the district had met him, the CM had said he will visit the town. But like others he too has avoided a visit,\" Prasad, who was district minister when Kumarswamy was the CM, told TOI. A senior official in Chamarajnagar district administration told TOI that the CM's tour programme was fixed suddenly on Thursday.When Kumaraswamy visited the town as CM, he headed straight to Adishakti Temple and Kolada Ganapati temple before arriving at the historical Sri Chamarajeshwara Temple. He had performed poojas, donated a cow and a calf, participated in Navagraha and Ganapathi homas and performed poornahuti believed to ward off evil. He demitted office four months after the visit as per the agreement with the coalition partner BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902566", "title": "AIEEE 2012: 47,000 students from Pune to appear for the test", "text": "PUNE: Nearly 47,000 students from Pune district will appear for the 11th all India engineering entrance exam (AIEEE) 2012 offline papers, which are to be held on April 29.\"There are total 78 examination centres in and around Pune where the offline exam will be held,\" Jayashree Venkatraman, AIEEE coordinator for the city and principal of the DAV Public School, Aundh, told TOI on Friday. \"Total 47,000 students from the district have enrolled for the exam,\" she said.Country-wide, close to 11 lakh aspirants are expected to appear for the exam that is regarded as the gateway to 30 national institutes of technology (NITs) besides five Indian institutes of information technology (IITs), central- and state-funded institutions and self-financed deemed universities and other institutions.In Maharashtra, 15% seats at engineering colleges are reserved for the AIEEE qualified students. Pune is one of the five cities in the state and total 63 cities in the country where the offline exam will be conducted simultaneously by the Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE).The AIEEE online paper window will open from May 7 till May 26 at 22 select cities, including Mumbai and Nagpur in Maharashtra. Pune does not figures among the cities for the online exam. The results are to be declared on or before June 15.Last year, over 10.53 lakh students had appeared for the AIEEE that was held at 1,685 centres located in 86 cities. A total of 18,411 seats for BE/B.Tech &amp; 930 seats for B.Arch/B.Planning at the NITs; IIITs and centrally-funded institutions besides 15,900 seats of BE/B.Tech &amp; 140 Seats for B.Arch/B.Planning at self-financed institutions and universities were available for admission.A centralized online counselling had been organized for filling up the all India seats by the Central Counselling Board (CCB). Apart from the NITs and IIITs, 13 central- and state-funded institutions and 23 self-financed institutions/universities had participated in the CCB seat allotment process.This year many other institutions are expected to admit students through AIEEE. A decision in this regard will be taken by the CCB, which will be constituted by HRD ministry, and a list of tentative institutions joining the CCB will be placed on the website: www.ccb.nic.in.The entrance examination features two papers - Paper-I consisting of three parts of physics, chemistry and mathematics of equal weightage with objective type questions for B.E/B.Tech courses and Paper-II consisting of mathematics, aptitude test and drawing for B.Arch and B.Planning. The aptitude test is designed to evaluate candidate's perception, imagination, observation, creativity and architectural awareness.There will be objective type questions with four options having single correct answer. For each incorrect response, one fourth (1/4) of the total marks allotted to the question would be deducted. No deduction from the total score will, however, be made if no response is indicated for an item in the answer sheet. More than one answer indicated against a question will be deemed as incorrect response and will be negatively marked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12903164", "title": "Governor calls for high level meeting on Gorewada", "text": "NAGPUR: In a meeting held to review the work of Gorewada project, governor K Sankaranarayanan called for a high-level meeting to be held for discussing the progress of the project.The meeting, which was held on April 24 at Raj Bhavan in Mumbai, was attended by Praveen Pardeshi, principal secretary (forest), Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) officials and Dilip Chinchmalatpure, president of Friends International.\"The officials are not interested and the work is progressing at a snail's pace. The governor said the chief minister would be asked to attend the next meeting,\" said Chinchmalatpure.Chinchmalatpure also spoke to the governor about making Gorewada a national project which will solve a lot of problems plaguing the project. A national project would mean 90% of the funds coming from the centre and an expert team for the project.\"Approval for a rescue centre is still pending with the Central Zoo Authority. For a project worth 1000 crore, the state government has now released only 10 crores for building the compound wall. All these problems will be solved if Gorewada is made a national project.\" Chinchmalatpure said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12903923", "title": "Chaos in farmers' grievance day meet", "text": "TRICHY: The proceedings of the farmers' grievance day meeting came to a halt for an hour after farmer leaders picked up a quarrel with each other over seniority in airing their grievances to the district collector, here on Friday.As many as 150-odd farmers from various associations and individuals gathered at the meeting at the district collectorate. Since the district collector was not present to head the meeting initially, the meeting was chaired by the district revenue officer (DRO) in-charge P Kanagarathinam.A few minutes after the commencement of the meeting, some leaders of the association affiliated to parties such as AIADMK, DMK, Congress, BJP, CPI and CPM vehemently opposed the new system of random checking that had been initiated by district collector Jayashree Muralidharan three months ago. They also complained that they would miss their chance if the system was followed. But their demand infuriated other farmers who demanded that the system be continued with. However, officials tried to placate them to continue with the meeting. Unfortunately, the farmers were ready to stage a walkout. Then as the officials promised to take up the issue with the district collector, the meeting resumed.Prior to that practice, certain leaders among farmers associations were selectively allowed to open up the discussion followed by other leaders. Likewise, party-wise priority was given importance. However, that system came in for sharp criticism from the rest of the farmers who were not permitted to voice their grievances owing to time constraints.On the issue, P Viswanathan, state president of the Tamil Nadu lake and river water irrigation farmers association told TOI that some leaders of the party affiliated to farmers associations wanted attention by leading from the front. But the random method came as a relief to those farmers who were frustrated by not being allowed to speak. So, the random method should not be changed in the future, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12904211", "title": "'Dealer' out on bail after 2 years in custody", "text": "PANAJI: The NDPS court, Panaji , on Friday granted conditional bail to alleged drug dealer Sadanand Chimulkar, who has spent over two years in custody on charges of possessing narcotic drugs.Chimulkar was arrested by the anti-narcotics cell (ANC) in January 2010 at Anjuna. ANC sleuths had allegedly seized drugs worth 4.30 lakh, gold ornaments and foreign currency from him.They had further stated that Chimulkar had been caught red-handed when he had come to deliver the drugs to a customer.The court ordered Chimulkar's release on a bail bond of 50,000 with one surety in like amount.During the hearing, Chimulkar's lawyer Raju Poulekar argued that there was no legal evidence to show that his client was in possession of commercial quantity of drugs.He pointed out that the CBI has recorded the statement of panch witnesses while investigating the police-drug mafia nexus case involving alleged Israeli drug dealer David Driham alias Dudu.The witnesses have stated that they were not present during the raid conducted on Chimulkar, the lawyer stated.Opposing the bail, the prosecution argued that the applicant was not entitled for the same.ANC police had alleged that Chimulkar was caught with ecstasy tablets, MDMA powder, cocaine and LSD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12903874", "title": "Valentine's family rejects Italian offer to educate son", "text": "KOCHI: Even as they are being flayed for accepting 'blood money', Valentine Jelestine's family has buckled up enough courage to say no to an Italian offer to facilitate his son's higher education in Italy.The offer was put forward by Italian priests who visited the family last month. The offer, in fact, was literally a birthday gift for 17-year-old Derrick Valentine as the team of Italian priests had made the offer on March 31, his birthday.After consoling the family and praying at the grave of Valentine, the priests, Marc and Joseph, had told Doramma and her son that they were willing to arrange for Derrick's higher education in Italy.The family, however, decided to reject the offer. \"We are not interested because they did not seem convincing. They didn't say anything about expenses involved. It was very vague,\" Dorama told TOI.The family doesn't want Derrick, who has completed his plus-two and now preparing to join an engineering discipline, to be away from them. He has already appeared for the engineering entrance examination conducted by the Kerala government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12905656", "title": "Seers bemoan mutt events getting political hue", "text": "MYSORE: They may be the kingmakers, but Lingayat seer are not too pleased that mutt functions are being given a political twist. Mutt pontiffs on Friday maintained that every political party was trying to make use of occasions like the Guruvandana (thanksgiving ) to derive political mileage.As is bound to happen on Saturday, when AICC president Sonia Gandhi visits Siddaganga mutt in Tumkur. TheCongress has already whipped up hype around Sonia's meeting, and hopes to translate it into bulk Lingayat backing when the hour of electoral reckoning dawns.Pontiffs of some mutts contacted by TOI said : \"Lingayats are not pawns of a particular political party or its property. This is the message the Guruvandana programme at the Siddaganga mutt intends to send to all parties.''Implying that Lingayat mutts and seers want to erase the impression that they are loyal to the BJP or former CM B S Yeddyurappa, in particular. At the same time, they justified a delegation of Lingayat mutts seers led by Shivakumara Swamiji meeting Yeddyurappa when he was in judicial custody. \"Political circumstances and the situation forced some of us to extend moral support to Yeddyurappa. But this does not mean we are BJP supporters,'' one of the seers said.According to Sri Jayamrutunjaya Swamiji of Panchamshali peetha in Kudalasangama : \"The Siddaganga seer meets and blesses anybody who comes to him. There is no need to attach any political significance to the meeting,'' he added. The Congress, though, sees the occasion of Sonia sharing the dais with mutt seer Sri Shivakumara Swamiji as crucial to the party's fortunes.Seeking to play down the buzz generated by Sonia's visit, Sri Chandrashekar Swamiji of Hosmutt in Hubli asked : \"Why should we worry or talk about the Congress drawing political mileage out of the meet ? It is an occasion to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Siddaganga seer and it is out of respect to him that she is attending. If parties are trying to gain political mileage, it is left to their wisdom and is not our concern.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902583", "title": "Garbage dumping a menace on Laxmi Road", "text": "PUNE: One quick glance is enough to understand that walking on the pavements of Laxmi Road is next to impossible due to a multitude of roadside shops and eateries clinging to the outside walls of established shops. If this is not enough to discourage walkers, there is the problem of garbage dumped on footpaths, forcing people to walk on the road.To add to the woes, the walkway space created by the traffic police and the Pune Municipal Corporation for a hurdle-free passage is thronged by vendors, compelling pedestrians and shoppers to completely stay off footpaths.Arun Khilari, municipal assistant commissioner of the area (ward officer), said, \"When we built the walkway, we had decided to keep the number of vendors to 35. But there has been a substantial proliferation in the last few months. We are searching for alternatives to resettle these vendors.\"Footpaths on Laxmi Road are no different from the other footpaths in the city when it comes to stationing of bus stops, electric junctions and street lights. Bus stops leave no space for pedestrians to walk on footpaths because it takes up a considerable chunk of space. Even electric junctions force people to walk on the road because they are installed in the middle of the pavement. Besides these, garbage is one problem on Laxmi Road which bothers everyday pedestrians.Garbage is dumped in front of Gokhale Hall and Commonwealth building. Nanda Jadhav, a shop attendant, said, \"Garbage is dumped at several spots on Laxmi road. The civic body should try and remove it because pedestrians are left with no choice but to walk on the road, which gets extremely busy during evenings.\"Khilari attributed the problem of garbage to waste pickers. He said, \"We have commissioned waste pickers to clear waste from the roadside. Instead, they only pick things that can be sold, leaving the rest of the dump untouched. We have been going on a clean-up drive everyday in the afternoon to remove waste from the roadsides.\"Regarding the problem posed by roadside vendors, Khilari said, \"It is very difficult for us to remove them. We fine them the stipulated amount of Rs 500, but then the amount is not high enough for them. The vendors, after being fined, stay away from setting up stalls on the footpath for a couple of days but come back again. We need to raise the amount of fine taken from them to prevent them from encroaching on the pavements.\"Umesh Narule, encroachment inspector in the area, said, \"This month (up to April 26), we have removed two stalls, 200 vendors and 57 miscellaneous obstructions from the area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12911712", "title": "Gold soars to new high on frantic buying", "text": "MUMBAI: Gold prices surged for the third consecutive trading session today to touch a new peak at the bullion market here, driven by consistent investment and speculative demand.Silver also edged higher on stray industrial support. Standard gold (99.5 purity) spurted by Rs 110 to conclude at Rs 29,155 per 10 gm from Friday's closing level of Rs 29,045.Pure gold (99.9 purity) went up by a similar margin to end at Rs 29,290 per 10 gm as against Rs 29,180 previously.Silver ready (.999 fineness) gained by Rs 15 per kg to settle at Rs 56,815 from Rs 56,800.After a bull run in 2011, the yellow metal had been witnessing a range-bound trade on sustained profit-taking as well as rigidity in import duty structure.The sudden spike was mainly attributed to highly fluctuating equity markets, as investors and speculators shift their funds to better avenues, traders said.Moreover, marriage season demand also supported the uptrend, they said.In New York , gold gained further on the back of sliding dollar and weakening US economic growth outlook amidst rising concerns about eurozone debt crisis.Gold for June delivery advanced USD 4.30 to USD 1,664.80 an ounce on the Comex division of the NYMEX late yesterday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12904267", "title": "Smoking mothers more likely to have autistic kids", "text": "LONDON: Ladies, here's yet another reason to kick the butt - women who smoke during pregnancy may be more likely to have a child with high-functioning autism, according to a new study.\"It has long been known that autism is an umbrella term for a wide range of disorders that impair social and communication skills,\" said lead author Amy Kalkbrenner from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee.\"What we are seeing is that some disorders on the autism spectrum, more than others, may be influenced by a factor such as whether a mother smokes during pregnancy,\" she was quoted by the Daily Mail as saying.For their study, the researchers looked at a population-based study comparing smoking data from birth certificates of hundreds of thousands of children from 11 states to a database of children diagnosed with autism. They found that 13% of mothers whose children were identified as having an autism spectrum disorder at the age of eight had smoked during pregnancy. These children were more likely to have high-functioning autism such as Asperger's Disorder, which has a less severe impact. \"The study doesn't say for certain that smoking is a risk factor for autism. But it says that there is an association, between smoking and some types of autism,\" Kalkbrenner said. About 13% of pregnant women smoke in the UK and the US.The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the US recently released data that suggested one in 88 American children have an autism spectrum disorder. Prof Kalkbrenner said it made environmental studieslike hers \"even more timely\". Because autism involves a broadspectrum of conditions and the interplay of genetics andenvironment is so complex, no one study can explain all thecauses of autism, she added. \"The goal of this work is to help provide a piece ofthe puzzle. And in this we were successful,\" the researcherssaid in their study published by the 'Environmental HealthPerspectives' journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902988", "title": "Dodge traffic to get life-saving drugs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Every day, attendants of patients admitted to Lok Nayak and GB Pant hospitals run the gauntlet of traffic on Jawaharlal Nehru Marg to fetch medicines from chemists across the road. MCD's decision to lock up the lone subway here - ostensibly to keep out drug addicts - has only compromised the safety of pedestrians, visitors say.\"The pharmacy inside the hospital is often out of stock, so we have to buy medicines from chemists across the road. But that means dodging fast moving vehicles on the wide road,\" said Rizwana Begum, whose husband is admitted to GB Pant Hospital.Ironically, MCD claims the subway was closed keeping pedestrians' safety in mind. \"The subway wasn't used anyway. Even when it was open, people preferred crossing at road level to avoid running into drug addicts lurking in the subway. We brought the issue to Delhi Police's notice but little was done. Since it's a one-way road, not many people cross it, so we closed the subway,\" an MCD official said.But pedestrians disagree. \"The traffic on this stretch moves fast. At night, heavy vehicles use the road. Instead of making the subway safe, the civic authority closed it. They could have deployed a security guard or installed CCTV cameras to ensure safety of people,\" said Mukesh Kumar, a chemist whose shop lies across the road.Residents of the Walled City cannot avoid crossing the road. \"Many of the 4,000-5,000 patients at the hospital are residents of the Walled City. It's true that the subway had become a hub for drug peddlers and other anti-social elements, but they should have been removed,\" said a senior doctor at Lok Nayak Hospital.The subway has four entry and exit points. Two of these open near GB Pant Hospital, while the others lie across JLN Marg. Since the hospitals have shortage of parking space, people use the MCD multi-level parking across the road. \"A woman crossing the road was nearly run over yesterday. The stretch is very dangerous for pedestrians,\" said Kamil Rehman, who parks his car at the MCD parking lot every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12904924", "title": "No test for post graduate admission in Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya", "text": "INDORE: Just two weeks after deciding to hold Common Entrance Test (CET) for admissions to all its 30 post graduate departments, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) back-tracked expressing its inability to hold the mammoth exercise. A special executive council meeting has been convened on Saturday to discuss the matter.Executive council (EC) of DAVV in its meeting on April 13 had decided to hold the CET for the admissions. The university administration refused to abide by the EC decision citing its inability to organize the test for around 4,000 seats. The move turned many a faces red in the EC questioning the very utility and authority of the EC.EC member Ravi Saxena said that the Council has failed to impose its decision on the university. \"If the university does what they (the university administration) decide then what the use of having an EC,\" said Saxena. He said that he will not attend the special executive council meeting.The university administration maintains that it is already overburdened with the examination procedure and presently it is not in a position to shoulder any additional burden including that of organizing a CET.Earlier, it was decided that DAVV will conduct an on-line CET for six departments. Later things zeroed in on conducting the exam in conventional method and to hold the CET for all PG departments. Only 1,200 seats in seven departments of self financing courses were filled by CET.This is not the first instance when the university administration has refused to follow the EC decisions. Sources said that the university wants to maintain status quo over the admissions. The university is struggling to conduct semester examinations and declare the results on schedule. Some of the courses too are running behind the schedule, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12903244", "title": "King Edward Memorial Hospital doctors operate on child born with four legs", "text": "MUMBAI: A team of doctors from KEM Hospital o perated on a 10-month-old child with four legs. The child, who suffered from a congenital deformity, will now be able to learn to sit and stand.Raj Manwar was born with a deformity in which he not only had two extra legs but also an extra urethra and penis-almost like a half-formed Siamese twin. While children his age can stand with support, Raj cannot even sit or crawl.On Friday the doctors removed the two legs protruding from his left buttock and also cut off the big mass that was present in the lower abdomen. \"We had to cut the bones as they were well-formed. We also removed a part of his second pelvis,\" said Dr Prashant Joshi, assistant professor of paediatric surgery at KEM Hospital.Raj was brought to KEM Hospital on April 17 from a Parva village in Washim district. \"We have been worried about his extra limbs since birth. I hope he'll be able to sit and walk normally,\" said his father, Ravindra Manwar (28), a farm labourer. It was a medical camp that took the Manwars to KEM Hospital.The child should have been operated upon as early as possible after his birth, say KEM doctors. \"This deformity has hindered his growth. Because his bottom was so heavy, owing to the extra limbs, he could not even sit,\" said Dr Joshi. Raj's condition was described as caudal duplication syndrome (in which duplicate limbs or organs are attached to the tailbone side of the body).Doctors said that since there is no extra anus, his condition may be termed as parasite twin or heterophagus, wherein two children were supposed to have been conceived in the mother's womb. \"But mid-way, after the development of the lower limb, the development of the upper body stopped and it fused with the other twin,\" Dr Joshi pointed out.As of now, only a part of the limbs have been removed. The uro-genital problems will be looked at later. \"Next year, we will see which of his urethras works better and decide which one to disconnect. We will also then decide the condition of his genitals and see whether one of them should be removed or not,\" Dr Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902478", "title": "Achla Sachdev's condition continues to be critical", "text": "PUNE: The condition of yesteryear actress Achla Sachdev continues to be critical. The 88-year-old is ailing and bed-ridden for the last seven months at the Poona Hospital and Research Centre ( PHRC).\"Sachdev's condition became extremely critical two days ago after she aspirated throat secretions that went into her lungs causing respiratory failure. She was immediately moved to intensive care unit and taken on ventilator support,\" said Sachdev's physician Vinod Shah, who has been tending to her for more than seven months now.On Thursday, she moved to a regular ward on the third floor of the hospital. \"Her condition continues to be critical,\" Shah said.Sachdev underwent a surgery 15 days ago. \"We have put a feeding tube into her stomach so that she could directly be given liquid feeds and proteins.\"The actress has been staying in Pune for around 40 years now and has helped hospitals and NGOs for their various charitable and social causes. She donated Rs 20 lakh and gifted her sprawling 2 BHK apartment in Pune Camp to Janaseva Foundation, an NGO run by Shah.Sachdev had broken her left leg after a fall in her house six months ago. Later, she suffered a brain infarction in which she lost her vision and movements of upper and lower limbs. Since then, she is being treated at the Poona Hospital and Research Centre. \"Brain infraction rendered her a quadriplegic. Occasionally she regains consciousness but it lasts only for few moments,\" Shah said.Rajeev Nanda, a close family friend of Sachdev, said, \"I have been calling and informing people in the industry, her relatives and friends about her health. It is really sad that an actress who spent a major part of her life in Hindi films and was even active on television till recently is not even being asked for in the film industry.\"Sachdev has acted in over 250 films. Her most memorable role was as Balraj Sahani's wife in the 1965 blockbuster Waqt, where she was part of the legendary song 'Ae meri zohra jabeen.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "sambalpurr", "code": "12903897", "title": "Support swells for Sambalpur lawyers", "text": "SAMBALPURr: Lawyers across the state extended their support to their Sambalpur counterparts, urging the chief minister to take appropriate legal action against the district collector, accused of abusing lawyers while they were agitating on Monday against irregular electricity supply.The collector, Mrinalini Darswal in turn had leveled serious charges against the lawyers of trying to outrage her modesty.Lawyers from various bar associations, including a delegation from All Odisha Lawyers Association, Odisha State Bar Council and Orissa high court assembled in Sambalpur on Friday to lend support to aggrieved lawyers of Sambalpur.\"While advocates have already been arrested in connection with cases filed by the collector and DSR, why is action not being initiated by police in the case filed by the advocates,\" questioned high court Bar president Jayant Das.He said that from the description and available information it appeared that the collector did not handle the situation properly and she became the root cause of the entire incident. \"Such an incident would not have taken place had she refrained from confronting the lawyers,\" Das said.Members of the local Bar submitted various evidences and still photos to the visiting lawyers to give a clear picture of the situation that occurred on Monday.They described how the collector abused the lawyer fraternity by using slang language.\"We have given the true picture of the incident between the collector and lawyers on Monday. We informed how we were prepared to go to WESCO office in a bus to protest against the regular power cut and how the collector appeared at the scene movie style and abused the lawyers,\" said Sambalpur Bar Association president Pramod Rath.He informed that Sambalpur lawyers will resume their agitation from Saturday, demanding the ouster of the collector.The lawyers have also demanded judicial probe in the incident, rejecting crime branch probe.Nevertheless, an eight-member team of crime branch personnel, led by crime branch DSP Alok Das, reached Sambalpur to take up the case.\"We have come to investigate as per the direction of the government,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12904242", "title": "4 bn-year-old asteroid pieces found in US", "text": "LONDON: A meteor hunter has stumbled on two marble-sized nuggets of an asteriod that detonated after colliding with the Earth, worth 10 times as much as gold, according to said scientists. The tiny stones were found in northern California's Sierra foothills, part of the asteroid that exploded with a third of the force of Hiroshima atomic bomb, scientists say.Each rock each weighs about 10g, said John Wasson, professor and expert in meteorites at University of California . Talking of his discovery, Robert Ward of Prescott, Arizona, said he \"instantly knew\" he'd found a rare meteorite known as 'CM' - carbonaceous chondrite. He suspects both rocks of being part of the same meteorite.He has two rocks that he suspects were part of the same small meteorite that split on impact, reported the Daily Mail. Ward said the discovery was a \"thrilling moment\". \"It is one of theoldest things known to man and one of the rarest types of meteoritesthere is. It contains amino acids and organic compounds that areextremely important to science,\" he added.Experts say the rock fragments come from a flaming meteor which dates from the early formation of the solar system around four to five billion years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12904871", "title": "Trinamool MPs \u2018positive\u2019 on bailout after PM meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Mamata Banerjee said she would ask her party to launch a stir in Delhi if her demand for a three-year moratorium on Bengal's debt repayment wasn't heeded, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assured a Trinamool Congress delegation on Friday the Centre would do everything possible within the ambit of the Constitution to bail out the state.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, who the Trinamool MPs met on Thursday night, is also believed to have expressed similar views. The meetings have stirred hope in the Trinamool camp that the Centre will announce bailout measures after Mamata meets the PM and Mukherjee in New Delhi on May 4.The MPs, who met Singh in Parliament for around 15 minutes, handed him a detailed note on the moratorium demand. While they said the meeting ended on a positive note, Singh, it was learnt, asked them to get back to him with a summarized version of the note. Trinamool leaders are expected to do so by Monday or Tuesday. The PM is learnt to have told the MPs he had discussed the matter with Mukherjee and would do his best.The meetings with the PM and finance minister before Mamata's Delhi trip were seen as pressure tactics by the Trinamool leadership. The timing was also linked to the presidential elections in July, for which the Congress will need the Trinamool's numbers.\"We are hopeful that the stalemate will be broken. Both the PM and the finance minister could see the sense in our demands,\" a Trinamool MP said. \"The state is on the edge of a precipice. Its financial condition is very bad and the state government is facing grave difficulties,\" said Roy. \"The PM told us that within the realms of possibility and Constitutional limitations, the Centre will do everything possible for Bengal,\" Roy added. Trinamool Congress Lok Sabha leader Sudip Bandopadhyay said the Prime Minister was \"very positive\" in his response.The state's demands are two-fold. It is asking the Centre for a three-year-moratorium on the nearly 22,000 crore annual debt payment and treat it as an \"annual grant\". It also wants the balance loan restructured.The Centre has already formed a committee under expenditure secretary Sumit Basu to create a framework on how Bengal's demands can be met under the constitutional framework. Waiving bad debt altogether is also an option being explored, it was learnt. The finance ministry, in a written reply to a question by Trinamool's Rajya Sabha MP Sukhendu Sekhar Roy, has said it had waived 273.13 lakh crore in patches in the past. But the problem, as another MP put it, in Bengal's debt composition is that central loans account for a lesser share than market borrowings. The Centre is only a guarantor for such borrowings. \"Even if the Centre waives some of its loans as bad debt, it will not have any tangible impact,\" a Trinamool MP said.A Trinamool Congress MP said that in 2003, the Centre had introduced the debt swap scheme that enabled the states to swap low-cost small savings loans against the high interest (over 13%) central loans.Bengal had benefited the most, for its loan component was more on small savings. Even now, such a scheme can be extremely beneficial. \"Whatever be the solution, there is no question of budging from our demand for three-year moratorium and debt-restructuring,\" a Trinamool Rajya Sabha MP said. If Bengal gets a \"suspension of interest payment\", it will be unprecedented.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee did try to reason with the Trinamool MPs that a unilateral measure for a single state - among the 28 others - would open floodgates for such requests. However, Trinamool MPs primarily Sishir Adhikari explained that this is critical to generate revenue and pull the state from the brink of a financial catastrophe.The Trinamool MPs appeared confident that they could impress upon Pranab that Bengal's case was unique. \"The Centre is equally responsible for this mess. Why was Bengal allowed to go for more loans even after refusing to sign the FRBM Act in 2005? If they'd 'helped' the government with more loans then, they should 'help us' even more now,\" he said.Quoting the latest state budget, Roy said Bengal paid Rs 18,000 crore as interest and Rs 7,000 crore as loan repayment last year.Roy blamed the erstwhile Left Front government's \"34 years of misrule\" for the huge debt burden and said that \"unless the Centre does something immediately to retrieve the situation , the state will plunge into a deep crisis.\" Asked whether they had served a 15-day ultimatum to the Centre, he replied in the negative and said \"there is no arm-twisting, no threat and no bargaining. All this is being reported by the media only\".Bandyopadhyay said the delegation will report the discussion to Mamata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902450", "title": "17th swine flu death in Bibvewadi", "text": "PUNE: A 62-year-old man from Bibvewadi succumbed to swine flu at a private hospital early on Friday, taking the death toll in Pune district to 17 since March 14. \"Laxmirajan Gajengi died at 3.25 am at Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital (DMH) on Friday. A cancer patient, Gajengi had tested positive for swine flu on April 22,\" said a PMC medical officer.The patient consulted a doctor for fever on April 13. Later, on April 19, when he developed cold and cough, he was referred to Naidu Hospital where he was administered Tamiflu tablets. However, his condition worsened and he was admitted to DMH on April 20. He developed ARDS following which he was put on high frequency ventilator support on April 24. \"The patient had been suffering from multiple myeloma, a cancer of the plasma cells in the bone marrow,\" said officials. tnnTen of the 12 people who died of swine flu at various hospitals in Pune were residents of the city. The remaining two were from neighbouring rural areas. Since they died at hospitals in Pune, they are included in the city's swine flu death toll, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12904002", "title": "Man bites off cop\u2019s finger in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: A man barged into the police station at Mattancherry on Friday, picked up a quarrel with senior cop George Lal and bit-off the index finger of his left hand.On seeing this, an additional sub-inspector Viswanathan tried to rescue George. But the accused, Rasheed (49) of Kapallandymukku, pounced on him and broke his nose. The rest of the cops at the station overpowered Rasheed and took him into custody. The injured cops were taken to government general hospital.Cops said Rasheed was a frequent trouble maker in the area and there were criminal cases pending against him. He was produced before the JFMC court in Mattancherry and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "muzaffarnagar", "code": "12909602", "title": "Man killed for opposing daughter-in-law's extra marital affair in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "MUZAFFARNAGAR: A 55-year-old man was allegedly killed for opposing his daughter-in-law's extra marital affair at Naeempura Village here, police said today.Deceased Sompal (55) had discovered about his daughter-in-law's relationship with accused Popin (27) when he caught them in a compromising position, police said.Police has arrested accused Popin in this connection. Earlier, Sompal's daughter-in-law had eloped with Popin but later returned home, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12903409", "title": "6 new CNG outlets to cut queues in twin cities", "text": "NOIDA: Those using CNG vehicles no longer have to make serpentine queues at filling stations. Commercial sale of CNG would begin at six new stations in the next two months. Four new CNG stations under Indraprastha Gas Limited (IGL) would begin operations in Noida while two new stations would start in Greater Noida.The CNG stations in Noida which would begin commercial sale in the next couple of months are located in sectors 71, 82, 105 and 122. Similarly, in Greater Noida, two exclusive CNG-refilling stations would begin operations in Knowledge Park - V and IT City Techzone.\"The district administration of Gautam Buddh Nagar has already given permission to these projects,\" said an official of IGL. \"Commercial sale at these stations would begin as soon as IGL gets clearance from the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organization in Nagpur,\" said the official.IGL informed that the stations in sectors 105 and 122 will be the first to begin commercial sale. \"Sale will begin in other stations in a phased manner. Two more CNG stations, located in sectors 51 and 142 in Noida, are awaiting clearance from the district administration,\" said the official.Availability of CNG at these new outlets will reduce long queues at the existing CNG outlets in Noida and Greater Noida, particularly at the IGL station of Sector 53 in Noida. The cities are witnessing a rapid proliferation in the number of CNG-driven vehicles on roads. That has led to an increase in demand for the fuel causing rush at the existing outlets.The compression capacity of CNG in Noida at present is 1.4 lakh kg per day. It is slotted to rise to 3.8 lakh kg per day once all the pumps become operational. In Greater Noida, the compression capacity is 0.8 lakh kg per day which is set to increase to 2 lakh kg per day once all pumps are operational in the city.At present, seven CNG outlets are functional in various sectors of Noida. While IGL operates exclusive CNG outlets in sector 53, the DTC bus depot in sector 16 and the UPSRTC bus depot in sector 35, CNG dispensing facilities are also available at petrol pumps of different oil-marketing companies located in sectors 62, 63, 71 and 12-22 crossing.Similarly, in Greater Noida, four CNG outlets are operational. Three of these are exclusive IGL stations in Surajpur, Kasna and Beta-II. One CNG outlet operates from the premises of the filling station of an oil marketing company in Chhapraula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12907273", "title": "Fake arms deal case: Bangaru Laxman's sentencing today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi Court on Saturday will announce quantum of sentence for former BJP president Bangaru Laxman, who was convicted for accepting a bribe from a fake arms dealer in a 11-year-old graft case on Friday.Laxman will be produced in court on Saturday morning, when arguments on the quantum of sentence are heard. Section 9 provides for a minimum of six months and a maximum of five years in prison. Bangaru who was taken to jail by police following court's order, spent his night in prison.Bangaru Laxman on Friday has earned the dubious distinction of being the first politician to be convicted in a sting operation that recorded him accepting Rs 1 lakh in cash.The tape capturing Laxman putting bundles of cash away in a drawer unleashed a political storm that took a heavy toll of the Vajpayee government and has 11 years later resulted in Laxman's conviction under the Prevention of Corruption Act.Special CBI judge Kanwal Jeet Arora held 72-year-old Laxman guilty under the anti-corruption law that provides for a maximum of five years in jail for taking a bribe from fake arms dealers to recommend to the defence ministry a contract for \"thermal imagers\" for the Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12912150", "title": "Court jails Bangaru Laxman, says corruption worse than prostitution", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eleven years after having been caught in a sting operation, former BJP President Bangaru Laxman was today awarded four years rigorous imprisonment by a Delhi court for taking Rs one lakh as bribe in a fictitious defence deal case.Holding that \"corruption is worse than prostitution\" as it endangers the whole society, Special CBI Judge Kanwal Jeet Arora turned down 72-year-old Laxman's plea for leniency saying \"we have to shun this attitude of 'sab chalta hai,' where nothing moves without illegal gratification.\"The court also imposed a fine of Rs one lakh on Laxman who was taken to Tihar Jail, shortly after he was sentenced. His counsel said they would move the high court to challenge his conviction and sentencing.This is the first instance of a national party president getting convicted and sentenced to a jail term in a corruption case for accepting bribe in his office chamber in the party headquarters in 2001.By accepting the bribe, Laxman had kept his personal interest above the national interest \"ignoring the security of soldiers\" who put their lives in danger while fighting for the nation, the court said. \"The convict (Bangaru) had kept his individual interest over and above the national interest and has even agreed to compromise with the security and safety of the nation. He had agreed to help a company i.e. M/s Westend International, coming to him for getting a supply order of defence related equipments to Indian Army.\"He agreed to compromise with the lives of lakhs of soldiers who without fearing for their lives, fight for the nation,\" said the court, which convicted him under section 9 of the Prevention of Corruption Act, said.\"Corruption, to my mind is worse than prostitution as the latter might endanger the morals of an individual, whereas, the former invariably endangers the entire society. It is virulent for the nation and makes people full of ire.\"However, the problem is that, when a society which publicly rues corruption, but privately indulges in it, then we need to ask ourselves, do we really want a corruption-free society,\" the judge said.The judge in its 14-page order on sentence said \"balancing the twin interest of society and that of the convict, I am of the opinion that interest of justice would be met, if the convict is sentenced to undergo rigorous imprisonment for a term of four years and to pay a fine of Rs one lakh for the offence under Section 9 of the Prevention of Corruption Act.\"The court said the case before it was one of \"political corruption\" as Laxman had committed the crime when he was the chief of a political party which was the largest constituent of the then NDA government.Emphasising upon the need to make India a corruption-free country, the judge said it can be achieved by providing value education to all, so that \"we can become responsible citizens, having strong character which when tested at the time of crisis, is exhibited.\"\"We do not want those honest person who are honest till they get a chance or opportunity to be dishonest. Further, it can be achieved by having the proper implementation of the existing laws,\" the court said while adding that \"sab chalta hai\" attitude has to be shunned.\"It is often said that the accomplice of the crime of corruption is generally our own indifference. 'Sab chalta hai' (it's ok, whatsoever!) syndrome has led us to the present situation, where we are, where nothing moves without an illegal consideration. People are forced to pay for getting even the right things done at right time. It is right time to shun this attitude,\" it said.\"No doubt, the company i.e. M/s Westend International and the product i.e. Hand Held Thermal Imagers (HHTIs), which they were promoting were both fictitious, but this fact was only known to representatives of the company, who had approached the convict for favour.\"Laxman had agreed to exert his personal influence in favour of the fictitious company for his personal gains by way of getting illegal gratification with the intention and belief that the product for which a supply order was required, was genuine,\" it said.Laxman was caught on camera accepting the cash in a 2001 sting conducted by newsportal tehelka.com. The video CDs, which were released by the portal on March 13, 2001, had sparked a political storm, forcing Laxman to quit as the BJP chief.The judge noted that Laxman, in the very first meeting with the representatives of the company, had agreed to extend his influence for getting a supply order in their favour with respect to a defence related equipment for his personal gains, without giving it a thought that the device may be inferior.The court said that the problem of large-scale and rampant corruption, more particularly, the political corruption is weakening the political body and damaging the supreme importance of the law, governing the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12903016", "title": "Rahul Gandhi lends ear to party workers\u2019 woes", "text": "MUMBAI: Having suffered setbacks in recent assembly and civic polls in various states, the Congress got cracking on its \"revival plan\" for Mission 2014 with party general secretary Rahul Gandhi's visit to Mumbai on Friday. This was Rahul's first visit to Maharashtra after the Congress's drubbing in Uttar Pradesh assembly elections.The Gandhi scion held separate meetings with functionaries of the National Students' Union of India (NSUI), the state youth Congress, the party's block and district presidents as well as elected representatives (MLA/MLCs and corporators).Political pundits said Rahul's actions in Mumbai indicate that a \"bottom to top\" shake-up is on cards in the party's state unit.At the party's headquarters, Tilak Bhavan, in Dadar, a section of block and district presidents' complained to Rahul about some Congress state ministers not paying heed to their requests. Questions were also raised about delays in appointments to various Congress-controlled state boards. One of the block presidents informed Rahul that Narayan Rane was the most popular Congress minister in the state. This nugget of information received applause from other attendees.Later in the day, Rahul met elected representatives at India Gymkhana in Matunga. Some of the newly-elected corporators told him that lack of accountability and infighting were eroding the party's base.Pointing out that ministers ought to pay heed to workers, Rahul said the party suffered electoral setbacks in the state mainly because of factionalism. Even as Rahul praised CM Prithviraj Chavan and state president Manikrao Thakre, he acknowledged that there were complaints against them. A demand to re-start students' elections in colleges in the state was made and accepted during Rahul's interaction with NSUI representatives.Accompanied by Chavan, Thakre and AICC general secretary Mohan Prakash, Rahul visited Chaityabhoomi in Dadar in the afternoon. He will travel to drought-hit areas in Mann, Khatau and Jat talukas in Satara on Saturday with the CM.Meanwhile, mill workers staged a protest near Tilak Bhavan to highlight their housing concerns.Ashok Chavan takes centrestageIn a first sign that Ashok Chavan has recovered some lost ground following the submission of judicial commission's interim report on Adarsh, the former chief minister shared the dais with Rahul Gandhi , CM Prithviraj Chavan and other Congress leaders during an interaction with elected representatives at Indian Gymkhana, Matunga. Sources said the ex-CM, initially seated in the audience, was asked to come up and share the stage with the Gandhi scion.-- TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12911173", "title": "22 Femala Kottayam doesn't really support women", "text": "Ashiq Abu's '22 Female Kottayam' has been getting rave reviews from men as well as women recently, most of which laud the film for being female centric. But not everyone feels the same. The film just uses some clever tricks to make it appear so, according to some.Says Anuj Ramachandran, a short filmmaker who has made a film about the Soumya rape and murder case. \"The movie has been marketed as female-centric but it is actually a pure commercial one with dialogues and situations which will sell.\" Anuj has two major points to make, one that the film gives out the message that a woman needs the help of another philanderer to take revenge against a philanderer and secondly, it supports goondaism. \"The film seems to say that the end justifies the means. But no woman with character will sell her body, even if it is for revenge. Also, Rima's character actually promotes goondaism, and justifies their acts.\"22 Female Kottayam has Sathar's character saying that one should love as many women as possible in life. \"This is not the model to show Malayali women,\" says Anuj.But this is not to say that movie is bad, Anuj hastens to add. \"It should have been made differently. If so, it would have reached great heights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12902850", "title": "Air India to wait for high court order in pilot hiring row", "text": "MUMBAI: National carrier Air India on Friday told the Bombay high court that it will not make Aditya Beri, son of Capt N K Beri, a co-pilot till the court decides on a petition challenging his eligibility to fly a Boeing 777.The Indian Pilots' Guild (IPG) had moved court saying Aditya, a contract employee with Air India Charters Ltd, was \"favoured\" over several pilots and \"illegally\" appointed as a co-pilot on B777 only because he was the \"son of a senior officer in the management\". Pointing out that B777 was the \"sole domain\" of AI pilots, the petition said that Aditya was allowed to train without even being inducted into Air India. The petition has sought a stay on Aditya's confirmation as an AI employee.Seeking urgent hearing, IPG advocates Rohaan Cama and Rahul Jain told a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar that \"nearly 50 pilots will be affected if he is confirmed\". AI lawyer submitted that Aditya's employment will not be confirmed till the matter is heard on April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908632", "title": "Nataliya Kozhenova's 'Supermodel' tag", "text": "Italian-Ukrainian Model Nataliya Kozhenova just one movie old now wants to become a Bollywood Supermodel. She has recently signed Navin Batra's film titled \"Supermodel\" for which she is currently shooting in Fiji .Nataliya said, \"It's good to be a part of Navin Batra's movie 'Supermodel'. I feel very lucky about it because it's my second movie and I have been given an important role in the film.\"In her first film, Nataliya Kozhenova had played a fairly controversial and important role in the film 'Anjuna Beach'. She had played the protagonist Scarlett Keeling, the British girl who was raped and murdered several years ago in Goa and on whose murder Anjuna Beach was based. Nataliya is now looking forward to becoming a supermodel. Nataliya has also done several modelling assignments.Talking about his find, director Navin Batra feels Nataliya is a 'dedicated actor', he says, \"Nataliya is apt for Bollywood and I need someone who has the potential to play the powerful role and Nataliya is the right choice for it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12904077", "title": "Bhasha Institute planning to enter e-book arena", "text": "KANNUR: To tap the potential of information technology in book publishing industry, the Kerala Bhasha Institute (State Institute of Languages) is planning to enter the e-book arena.\"We have made a basic framework for e-book publishing and discussions are going on with service providers,\" Institute director M R Thampan told TOI.He said C-Dit would provide the technology backend for the project. Once the framework was ready, the institute would hold discussions with service providers like Amazon to make books available to e-readers. \"Our aim is to make our books available to Malayalis worldwide,\" he said.The institute is also exploring the possibility of making electronic editions of the institute books available on smartphones, said Dr Shibu Sridhar, asst director, sales department. As the first e-book project, all the works of Dr B R Ambedkar, translated into Malayalam and published by the institute, will be made available in e-book format.The Ambedkar Foundation has approached the institute to make available the translations of his works in other languages also available as e-book, said Thampan.\"While other languages, including Marathi (Ambedkar's mother tongue), haven't brought out his complete works in translation, we have published all his works in 40 volumes,\" he said.The institute will also be publishing a series called 'History of Mankind'. It is part of a Unesco project. While three volumes have already been published, the remaining three volumes will be published this year.It is for the first time that the series is being published in an Indian language.This apart, the institute is also working on projects to use the possibility of technology to make Malayalam publishing easier by standardizing the Malayalam keyboard and modifying the fonts, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12902825", "title": "\u2018No godown on parking space in basement\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has stopped a builder from converting basement parking slots in a building into godowns. In an interim order, Justice S C Dharmadhikari said that the 24 parking spaces, including the 12 that have already been covered or enclosed, in the basement will be used only for parking purposes. \"This area and spaces will be utilized only for parking of vehicles and not otherwise,\" said Justice Dharmadhikari.Owners of 31 of total 76 units in Kotia Nirman building (a ground plus six storey structure with two wings) on New Link Road in Andheri (W) had urged the court to restrain the builder from converting basement parkings into godowns/storage.The builder, High Class developers, claimed to have obtained permission from the civic body to convert basement parking space into godowns after paying a premium of Rs 70 lakh.\"This is the modus operandi of many builders in Mumbai,\" claimed advocate Ajay Panicker, counsel for the petitioners. \"Builders first construct basement parking, which is free of floor space index, then convert it into godowns and sell it.'' According to advocate Panicker, no permission was taken from the persons who own units in the building to enclose the parking space as required under the Maharashtra Ownership of Flats Act.The owners had also objected to constructions being put on area earmarked as a terrace on the sixth floor. The court said the petitioners could not seek any relief as the open area was attached to the units on that floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902791", "title": "Fog springs summer surprise at IGI airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi is in the middle of summer and though temperatures should be touching 40 degrees, Palam witnessed shallow to moderate fog between 3.30am and 8am. Low visibility was also reported in the area on Wednesday though officials attributed that to smog.\"Such conditions are untimely. In the past 15 years there have been no reports of fog in April. The official summer months in India are March to May and we are towards the end of April. This seems to be an isolated phenomenon and we are not expecting it to occur again this season,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.Low visibility procedures had to be put in place at the IGI airport on both days. On Wednesday, the LVP was in place for about five hours, between 6am and 11am while on Friday, LVP was implemented for about three hours, starting from 5.45am. No air traffic disruption was reported even though Category-I conditions had been declared.Met officials said that on Friday, visibility fell to 400-500m. \"April has been much cooler this year due to a constant stream of western disturbances that have caused rain or cloudy sky over northwest India. On Friday morning, the temperature had come down to 19.1 degrees Celsius and Palam had recorded 1.6 mm rainfall till 8.30am. Humidity levels were between 85% and 95%. The lower level of the atmosphere was also quite stable. This led to the formation of fog,\" said Jenamani.On Wednesday, humidity levels remained below 75% which is why the low visibility conditions then were attributed to smog. On Friday, the city recorded a maximum temperature of 34.7 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal while the minimum temperature was 19.8 degrees Celsius, five degrees below normal. The Safdarjung observatory recorded 2.8mm rainfall for 24 hours till 8.30am. Aya Nagar in south Delhi recorded the highest rainfall of 7.4mm.\"The maximum temperature fell by 4-8 degrees over many parts of west Rajasthan, Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab, Haryana and Delhi on Friday. Rainfall was also recorded over parts of Punjab, Haryana and Jammu and Kashmir,\" said a Met official.The western disturbance over north Pakistan and Jammu and Kashmir will persist for 2-3 days which is expected to bring rain to many areas. Rain and thundershowers can be expected in Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand , Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, and Rajasthan till Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904568", "title": "American hotel giant unveils big plans for state", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bullish about the hospitality potential of Andhra Pradesh, and more particularly Hyderabad, US-based hospitality giant Hyatt Hotels has drawn up plans to check in at least five Hyatt hotels in the state over the coming three years or so.While the hospitality major has just made its AP debut with its first city luxury Park Hyatt property in the country at Hyderabad, plans are being drawn up to open three more Hyatt hotels under various categories in Hyderabad with one in Vizag as well.\"We have an upcoming Hyatt Place on Road No.1, opposite GVK One, with two Hyatt Regency properties slotted for Banjara Hills and Gachibowli. Another Hyatt Regency hotel will be coming up in Vizag,\" Sven Hoffmeyer, general manager of the newly-opened Park Hyatt Hyderabad, told newspersons on Friday. However, he refused to divulge details about the size of or investments to be made in the upcoming projects.\"Hyderabad, the financial, economic and political capital of Andhra Pradesh, is one of the richest cities in India. It is one of India's prominent biopharmaceutical and pharmaceutical hubs and has large tracts of land devoted to software development and IT research. Moreover, it is also emerging as a key tourism destination,\" he said.According to politician and Gayatri Group founder Subbirami Reddy, who is the promoter of Park Hyatt Hyderabad, the Vizag Hyatt property would be set up close to the airport. \"We have five acres of land near the airport where we will be setting up a Hyatt Regency,\" Reddy said.The Park Hyatt Hyderabad, which has come up in Banjara Hills at a cost of approximately Rs 700 crore, developed by Gayatri Group and managed by Hyatt Hotels, is the first hotel in the city offering serviced apartments and has 185 rooms, 24 suites and 42 serviced apartments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903922", "title": "No flashy birthday parties, please!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Parents of children studying in Udgam School in Drive-in were sent a missive from school authorities recently. It requested parents to refrain from throwing flashy parties on the birthday of their wards. It also asked parents not to distribute any expensive chocolates or gifts in the class except inexpensive stationery like pens, pencils or erasers.\"Majority of the children in our school are from extremely rich background. Many parents would go overboard and dole out expensive imported chocolates, flashy watches and branded t-shirts. This was creating a rich-poor divide among the children. Hence we have put a full stop on these kind of pompous celebrations,\" said trustee of Udgam School Manan Choksi.Birthday celebrations of children have become a mode of display of wealth for many in the society. Hiring party planners to organize theme-based birthday bashes by spending lakhs of rupees has become common. In such a scenario, many schools have decided to put their foot down to ensure that the lesser-rich students do not get awed by the display of wealth and nurse an inferiority complex.Pragya Pandya of St Kabir High School says that they have set a limit where parents are not allowed to distribute gift costing more than Rs 10. \"The limit was set after middle-class parents complained that expensive gifting was fostering a sense of inferiority in their children,\" says Pandya.Hemal Pandya, principal of Shree Swaminarayan Gurukul School, said they have prohibited birthday celebrations. \"Most of our students have their parents settled in the US, the UK and other countries who used to send prohibitively expensive chocolates and gifts for all students in the class. We have changed the rules where students can celebrate gifting the money to the library. The books which is bought using the money carries the name of the student,\" said Pandya.\"More schools should undertake such initiative as giving and receiving expensive gifts and return gifts has become a norm in schools. This breeds greediness and complexes,\" says Neela Patel, parent of two school-going daughters in Vastrapur.\"Schools should not become grounds for discrimination on the basis of wealth. Hence we do not allow birthday celebrations in the school,\" says Preetha Pillai of Chaitanya School in Gandhinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12903925", "title": "Agitators break canal wall before CM visit", "text": "BOKARO: Water supply from Tenughat dam to Bokaro Steel (BSL) and its township area was disrupted on Friday after suspected displaced people broke the walls of the Tenughat water canal which snapped flow at Baruataad and submerged the area adjacent to the canal.The incident is suspected to have taken place a few hours before the arrival of chief minister Arjun Munda and others, including SAIL chairman C S Verma, for the inauguration of Bokaro Jaypee Cement Plant in Balidih. The place where the canal was damaged is barely 3 km from the venue of the inauguration ceremony.The 34-km Tenughat canal is the lifeline to BSL and the nearby residents and the disruption has led to water crisis in the steel city. The BSL water resource department rushed to the spot and started repairs. BSL officials also assessed the situation. Officials said water supply would be restored in two days as repair work was on in full swing.In order to cope with the shortage in water supply caused by the incident, the BSL management has announced curtailing of water supply to the township from twice to once daily. Till the time that normal water supply is restored, BSL has planned to use the water stored in its two cooling ponds, said a BSL official. On a normal day, 17,500 cubic metres of water are supplied per hour from Tenughat through the canal.Tenughat dam executive engineer Bijay Kumar Sharma said, \"It appears that the wall of the canal was damaged by suspected members of displaced groups of the area, who earlier have threatened damaging the canal.\" The groups are unhappy as BSL is yet to provide them with jobs.\"They triggered this incident on the day of the arrival of CM and SAIL officials in a bid to attract their attention by spreading panic. About 15 days ago, 15-20 residents had come to the office and threatened to break the wall of the canal if their demands were not fulfilled. The wall was broken using earthmovers. The miscreants initially broke around 20 feet, which was later increased to 90 feet by the force of the water, making our task more difficult,\" said Sharma, adding that restoration would be completed within two days.DSP (headquarters) P N Singh said the police were waiting for a complaint to be lodged by the Tenughat dam authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12896529", "title": "Ameesha Patel prefers acting over producing films?", "text": "The actress who turned producer last year is yet to produce a film. She seems to be concentrating more on an acting career even today.Ameesha Patels' production house recently completed one year. Apparently, she announced as many as three projects after the launching her production house last year. Directors like David Dhavan and Priyadarshan came on board to direct movies but not much has been heard on that front after that.Fortunately, Ameesha's acting career seems to be recovering as she has three films to release this year. We heard Ameesha's role and look in Race 2 will do wonders for her. She will be seen with Saif Ali Khan and John Abrahm. Also, her forthcoming film Shortcut Romeo , opposite Neil Nitin Mukesh, is a remake of the Tamil hit Thiruttu Payale.Apart from that, Ameesha has the much talked about action comedy, Bhaiyyaji Superhit, opposite Gadar-costar Sunny Deol. The actress seems to be getting some good offers and may be enjoying her time in front of camera. However, does that mean that her production plans rest patiently on the backburner?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12903855", "title": "HC issues notices to chancellor, Patna University VC", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court, on Friday, issued notice to the chancellor-cum-governor, Devanand Konwar, and Patna University (PU) vice-chancellor (VC), Shambhu Nath Singh, on a writ petition challenging the appointment of Singh as the VC. The order was passed by Justice A K Tripathi.The petition was filed by Mukesh Kumar Singh, a student leader of Patna University. According to the petitioner's lawyer, Raju Giri, appointment of Singh has been challenged on the grounds that neither the chancellor consulted the state government before appointing him as VC - required under Section 10(2) of Bihar State Universities Act, 1976 - nor does he possess the qualification required for holding the post.Singh was appointed PU VC on August 1, 2011, along with the VCs of Jayaprakash University, Chhapra, BRA Bihar University, Muzaffarpur, Kameshwar Singh Darbhanga Sanskrit University, B N Mandal University, Madhepura, and Maulana Mazhar-ul-Haq Arabic and Persian University, Patna.State education minister P K Shahi had candidly admitted that the governor had not consulted the state government over the appointments.The same bench, on April 6, had issued notices to all the five VCs, except Singh, to file affidavits within two weeks making their stands clear regarding the validity of their appointments. Notice was not issued that day to the PU VC due to some technical reasons. The court had also issued notice to the chancellor and VC of Nalanda Open University.According to Giri, though the court has not fixed the next date for hearing, it will resume once they submit their replies. The high court had, on May 4, 2011, set aside the appointment of VCs of Magadh University and Veer Kuer Singh University on the same grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12914257", "title": "Northeast Frontier Railway announces exam special train to Bangalore", "text": "GUWAHATI: Students aspiring for admissions into reputed institutions will get some relief with the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) starting an 'examination special train' from Dibrugarh to Yesvantpur (near Bangalore) in Karnataka. The decision will help students from the northeast appear for joint entrance test for combined medical and engineering colleges in Karnataka. The train will leave Dibrugarh on May 1 at 7pm and reach Yesvantpur at 10.30pm on May 4. For the return journey , the train will leave Yesvantpur at 10.45pm on May 7 and reach Dibrugarh at 9pm on May 10.NFR chief public relations officer S Hajong said: \"Every year thousands of students from this region, aspiring for medical and engineering careers, go to Bangalore for appearing in the joint entrance test conducted by Karnataka state. This special train will facilitate them for getting reservation for their smooth and comfortable journey,\" Hajong said.The train - with six general coaches, seven sleeper coaches, and two SLRs - will also stop at New Tinsukia, Mariani, Dimapur, Furkating, Diphu, Lumding, Hojai, Chaparmukh, Jagiroad, Guwahati, Rangiya, Barpeta Road, New Bongaigaon, Kokrajhar, New Coochbeahr, New Jalpaiguri, Kishanganj, Maldah Town, Asansol, Adra, Balasore, Cuttack, Brahmpur, Vishakapatnam, Vijaywada before reaching Yesvantpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903482", "title": "Gujarat University students complain of stinking hostels", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students living in Gujarat University hostels on Friday met vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi and apprised him of the unhygienic conditions prevailing in their quarters.In March, Trivedi had promised in a senate meeting that all hostel buildings would be provided with a reverse osmosis (RO) plant and water coolers. However, nothing has been done as yet.Students are forced to live in inhuman conditions and several cases of viral infection, jaundice, gastroenteritis are being reported daily from the hostels.Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) along with students fallen prey to diseases met the VC and submitted a memorandum. They even threatened an agitation if RO plants are not installed in the hostels within five days.Trivedi later summoned officials and even took a round of the hostels. Before the visit, cleaning work began at the hostels and officials have been directed to install RO plants immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12904340", "title": "PM vows to help debt-ridden Bengal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress MPs on Friday met PM Manmohan Singh and handed over a detailed note seeking a moratorium on the loan repayment by West Bengal, a day after the delegation met finance minister Pranab Mukherjee . Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is scheduled to meet the PM in the first week of May to discuss the matter.While TMC MPs said the meeting with the PM ended on a positive note, it is learnt that Singh asked them to get back to him with a summarized version of the note.TMC leaders Saugata Roy and Sudip Bandopadhyay explained the matter to the PM on Friday. The exercise - TMC MPs first meeting finance minister and then PM - before Banerjee's meeting with the PM is seen as part of the pressure tactic by the TMC leadership. The timing is also linked to the presidential elections coming up in July, for which the Congress will need the numbers of the TMC. The PM is learnt to have assured the TMC team that the government would do everything possible to bail out debt-ridden Bengal.Singh is learnt to have told the TMC MPs that he has discussed the matter with Mukherjee and will do his best keeping the demand in mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903497", "title": "Gujarat University exams rescheduled to May 7, 8", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) exams which were slated to start from May 3 have been rescheduled due to administrative reasons and will now begin from May 7 and May 8 respectively.GU officials said that as per the revised schedule, exams of BA first semester (regular, repeater and external), BCom first semester (regular, repeater and external), BSc first semester (regular and repeater), BBA first semester (regular, repeater and external), BCA first semester (regular, repeater and external) and BSc first year (regular) will begin from May 7.The number of ATKT students is huge and the sitting arrangements caused some problems. This resulted in the exams being pushed back by four days. \"Owing to space crunch and lack of adequate staff - since summer vacations are on - we've decided to take the exam in two parts,\" said a GU official.From May 8, MA first semester (regular, repeater and external), MCom first semester (regular, repeater and external), MA semester three (regular and repeater), MCom (regular and repeater) and MSC semester five (regular and repeater) exams will begin. tnnIn the exams beginning from May 7, no less than 60,000 students are expected to appear and another 45,000 students will appear for the exams from May 8.However, some students were less than pleased by this development. \"The GU authorities should take proper care before announcing the exam dates. As per the earlier schedule, the exams would have ended by May 10 and many of us would have drawn up vacation plans and others who are employed would also have applied for leave. Now, all these have to be reorganized in a hurry,\" said an MCom student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12907911", "title": "Murder is my turf: Emraan Hashmi", "text": "We enter Vishesh Films' office and find Rahul Roy and Anu Agarwal getting cozy under a long coat. Albeit in a big poster of the 1990 hit Aashiqui.And then enters Mahesh Bhatt. While we wait in Bhatt's cabin, the 'star' (as Bhatt calls him) Emraan Hashmi enters looking rather unwell. The two take some time to catch up and then sit down for a fun tete-a-tete. Emraan takes out a bag full of medicines and jokes, \"I am living on drugs.\" And on that note, we begin.After so many years and countless films, how do you feel on a Friday?MAHESH (M): I have been in the film business for almost 38 long years. Call it coincidence, Jannat 2 releases on May 4, the same day Indian cinema enters its centenary year. When I look back, the feeling of anxiety on a Friday has given way to concern for those who have invested in the film. My heart goes out for the key players. For instance, I am very concerned for Emraan right now. He is in what we call a butterfly moment. This boy was declared 'dead' on his debut by the so called tsars and tsarinas. And now, he has come a long way. It is like the hare and the tortoise. Emraan's hard work has got him to the winning post. (By now, Emraan appears more cheerful. The words seem to be having their effect on him.)The heroines you discover go on to become very popular. Why didn't you ever bind them in a contract?M: (Looks at Emraan) I should have bound this guy into a contract. He is a bird that can be lured by others outside (both start laughing at this comparison). But no, I wouldn't do that. We create an environment of trust.Emraan, once upon a time, you were doing three films with Vishesh Films in a year. Now that you have moved out, has it become difficult for the Bhatts to get hold of you?(Before Emraan could open his mouth, Mahesh Bhatt points out, \"The answer is yes.\" He turn to Emraan and adds, \"Don't be diplomatic. The answer is yes.\") Emraan (E): No, it's not like that. I was... (Bhatt interrupts and says, \"We are different. Don't hide anything.\") E: Well, initially, I would do two or three films for Vishesh. It was difficult for the industry to accept my films as 'mainstream'. I was kind of shunned. And suddenly Murder released. No one understood what an erotic thriller was. Ten years down the line, everybody is busy making the same kind of cinema. I realised this after Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai. As an actor, I wanted to prove it to myself that I could perform under different circumstances. Since then, there have been others who have offered me good scripts. It is a difficult task to juggle things. (And now, Mahesh Bhatt pays very close attention) I know Murder is my turf. I get extremely scared to do a film like Shanghai . But I need that too.Today Emraan is a star. Did you ever think this would happen?M: He used to be this unsure boy who would turn white when I left him alone with Ameesha Patel on the sets of Yeh Zindagi Ka Safar. I remember him looking so unsure during the shoot. The pictures that were shot that day, were bad. Even his grandmother thought he couldn't be a hero. But we never gave up on him. E: I never wanted to be in the show business. I wanted to do special effects. M: When I saw Aawarapan, I knew that Emraan has arrived. I called up his grandmother and told her how I was moved by his performance. He played a full-fleged 'Hero'. Emraan has taken a rather unorthodox route to reach where he is. And then later when I offered him Woh Lamhe, he had the guts to tell me that he did not want to do the film. (At this point, Emraan laughs) I can openly declare that when I saw him in OUATIM, I felt that he was enjoying the space outside the Vishesh Films turf. I wanted him to explore that space.Mahesh, is Emraan still a phone call away for your projects?M: Emraan is just a phone call away for anything I want to do. But the star Emraan isn't. He is miles away. If I have to adhere to the rules of the game, I have to respect his time table. I have to understand his reality which is drastically different from the days when he used to pick up the Bill Gates book from my shelf. I was just telling him a while back, no matter how attached we are, you are not my destiny and I ain't yours. You have to fly to your own destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12903113", "title": "New tech to help study geographical problems", "text": "AJMER: The remote sensing and geo-informatics department of Maharshi Dayanand Saraswati University will analyze and study the data for Rajasthan received from Risat ( radar imaging satellite) which is put in orbit a day before. The department has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with space center of ISRO, Ahmedabad.The statistics will be helpful in getting information about the ground resources of the state as well as weather of the region. The new technology will provide clear picture of crops and ground realities of geographical problems.The department will also study the information received from the satellite and the report will be submitted to ISRO again. \"With this new technology we will be able to get better information on earth resources,\" said S Palaria, the department head.Palaria said, \"Till now clear satellite pictures of the ground could not be captured due to weather conditions and clouds, but now even with bad weather we can get high resolution pictures. This will matter a lot because we can then study the realities of flood and drought in the state to make our policies.\"The department will also go through resources underneath the earth's crust in the state. \"We get the geo images of big regions and better resolution\" said a professor of the department.The department will get the data of Risat through ISRO and the department with geo-informatics technique will decode the information and make a report based on it. \"It is great work for the department which will also give report of change in weather and land face,\" added Palaria.The department is working on advancement and dissemination of remote sensing technology and education. They used conventional methods in the fields, planning and management of natural resources and environment by organizing seminars.\"We also organize models, exhibitions and talks on geo-informatics science to encourage students to study this latest science,\" said a member of remote sensing chapter of Ajmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12903915", "title": "Pump out sewage, drain water fromvillage, says HC", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday took a serious view of different state government departments' failure to address the issue of sewage and drain water spilling from Biharsharif town to the adjacent Basawatbigha village in Nalanda district. The court directed the government to take measures to pump out the sewage water from the village by May 9.The matter related to siltation of a canal carrying sewage and drain water from Biharsharif town to a rivulet which caused spillover of sewage and drain water to Basawatbigha village causing waterlogging and sanitation problem.The PIL filed by an NGO alleged that the work to remove silt from the canal was not done due to shifting of responsibility among Nalanda DM and departments of water resources and minor irrigation. A division bench of Justice P C Verma and Justice A K Trivedi said if drain water was not pumped out from the village by May 9, the chief secretary must appear before the court and explain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "sivaganga", "code": "12903960", "title": "One dead, 30 injured in Sivaganga jallikattu", "text": "SIVAGANGA: A bull-fighter was gored to death and 30 more sustained injuries during a jallikattu event in a village in Sivaganga district on Thursday.While the jallikattu events in Alanganallur and Palamedu passed off without any fatalities, this is the second jallikattu death in Sivaganga district this year. Police said that R Rajiv (45), hailing from Udapanpatti village was rushed to the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai with severe injuries sustained during the jallikattu, but died on Thursday night.The jallikattu was organised as part of the Chithirai festival in the Siva temple at Kandaramanickam village near Thirupathur in Sivaganga district. The state government had permitted the conduct of jallikattu in the village under the Tamil Nadu Regulation of Jallikattu Act 2009. The organisers had also obtained the court nod for the event.About 200 bulls from Tirupattur, Karaikudi, Sivaganga as well as adjoining Pudukkottai and Trichy districts were brought to Kandaramanickam, the most popular village for jallikattu in the district. As many as 30 persons including Ganesan (24) from Siruvayal, Kumar (19) from Tirupattur, Mahendran (30) from Karaikudi were injured. While they were treated in the government hospital at Tirupattur, Rajiv was rushed to Madurai as he had sustained grievous injuries.\"He was a bull-fighter, but was in an inebriated state and was hence not permitted in the arena. He was standing away from the jallikattu grounds but apparently came in the way of a temple bull that bumped him off,'' said Karu Ambalatharasu, organiser of the event.A senior government official said that the death was an accident. \"It was totally unexpected. The man was standing quite far away from the grounds and attempted to grab the bull when it neared him,'' he said.On March 23, a 50-year-old man was killed in 'kattu maadu vilayattu', a variant of jallikattu in Tirupattur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905079", "title": "Tatra whistleblower attacked thrice", "text": "BANGALORE: A whistleblower, who has been working to uncover the alleged fraud in BEML's Tatra truck deals and defence and engineering-related contracts over the past 10 years and the illegal site allotment by BEML Employees Co-operative Society to bigwigs of the PSU, has come under attack from unidentified persons thrice - once in 2005 and twice in 2009.The former BEML employee first raised the Tatra issue in 2005 and was immediately transferred to Kapurthala in Punjab though the PSU had no facility there. \"One day a man travelling from Kapurthala to Delhi was accosted by a gang and beaten up near a bus stop. I learnt that the gang actually intended to attack me. The injured man had my telephone number. That's when the gang realized they'd hit the wrong man. I moved back to Bangalore and luckily I found a suitable posting,\" he said.He described the second incident: \"I was home with my family one night in August 2009 when we heard a commotion outside. About six persons jumped the compound wall, got in and started banging on the door. They were trying to break it. A few others tried to break the windows. They tried to get in. I managed to collect myself, ran inside and immediately called up a few friends nearby. In a few minutes, about three rushed to my house. As they ran in, the gang saw them and fled.\"He goes on: \"Later that year in October, I was in Mysore. After finishing work, I headed out in my car. As I was driving, a few people in a Tata Sumo started chasing me. They were driving fast, almost wanting to hit me. Luckily for me, my friends and I always met at a coffee shop on my way home. I drove straight there. All my friends were there. I joined them and the Sumo passed by,\" he said.In 2009, he took police protection for about a month. After a month or so, security was discontinued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12912898", "title": "6 SPs face Maoist threat", "text": "PATNA: Probably for the first time in the state, six SPs are facing Maoist threat. While two SPs have been threatened for not attending the Maoists' (Kangaroo) courts, the other four are on the hit list for launching operation against the members of the ultra-left organizations.The SPs who are facing Maoist threat are: Jamui SP Upendra Sharma, Banka SP Vikas Barman, Gaya SP Vinay Kumar, Gopalganj SP Nitasha Guria, East Champaran SP Ganesh Kumar and Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj.An officer in the police headquarters told TOI that the case of Nitasha Guria and Ganesh Kumar is different in the sense that Maoists had charged them with abetting release of a notorious criminal, Santosh Jha, who was earlier in jail. Nitasha Guria was then the Sheohar SP. Maoists said that it was owing to laxity on the part of these two SPs that Santosh got bail and was released from Motihari jail. A police officer said that Santosh was a notorious criminal who had later joined Maoists' outfit but later snapped his association with the ultra-left group.Santosh had allegedly killed two employees of a construction company in Sitamarhi. Maoists charged that the police didn't pursue the case properly and subsequently Santosh was released. Maoists then issued their order, through distribution of pamphlets, directing the two SPs to appear in their court otherwise ...The case of four other SPs is similar, in that they had launched massive anti-Maoist operations in their respective areas, which irked members of the banned organization. In order to settle scores, the Maoists issued threat to the SPs.The police officer said the SPs have been instructed to move carefully in their areas with adequate police force to thwart Maoist design.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12905075", "title": "Kakkar killing planned over two weeks: Palande to cops", "text": "Vijay Palande has told the police that he and his accomplices hatched the plot to kill aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar about two weeks before they murdered him in March. To execute the killing, they bought from a mall in the western suburbs a knife and a cleaver, and to ensure that no traces are left behind they got rubber gloves, bottles of phenyl, large disposal bags and two suitcases.Kakkar was killed, according to police sources, on March 5, the day his Delhi-based family found his cellphone switched off for the first time. Earlier the same day, Kakkar had texted a friend, saying that Palande intended to put him in touch with an investor willing to give him Rs 3.5 crore for starting up a production house.An officer said the police are making \"a panchnama of the articles used in the killing\" and will next try to find if there exists CCTV footage of Palande and his accomplices-Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh-buying the articles in the mall.During interrogation, Gajkosh told investigators that he went with Shinde, Palande and Kakkar to a hotel in Lokhandwala on March 5. At the hotel, while Shinde and he waited, Palande spiked Kakkar's drink. Soon after, Kakkar began feeling light-headed and asked Palande to drive them home in the aspiring producer's BMW.Around 8.30pm, the group reached Kakkar's flat at Oberoi Springs in Andheri. As he laid down to sleep, Kakkar was stabbed to death. His body was then moved to the bathroom, where Palande and Shinde chopped it into pieces till 4am. The remains were stuffed into plastic bags, which, in turn, were put into two suitcases. The accused men then washed the floor many times with phenyl water, officers claimed.The next evening, the accused men left with the suitcases for Chiplun in Ratnagiri district in Kakkar's BMW. On the way, they dumped the body parts at Kumbharli ghat but retained the suitcases. They later got the BMW washed at a service centre in Pune and left it in the parking lot of a Pune housing complex.Based on Palande and Shinde's statements, the police took Palande to Kumbharli ghat, where they found some body parts. The police believe the remains are of Kakkar, but his family has expressed doubt because, it says, the discovered skull is too small to be Kakkar's.According to investigators, the two suitcases used in Kakkar's murder were recovered from the Oshiwara residence of Anuj Tikku. They suspect that Gajkosh and Shinde planned to transport the chopped body of Arun's father, business consultant Arunkumar Tikku, in the same suitcases. But the two had to abandon the plan and flee because a neighbour raised an alarm.Meanwhile, Simran Sood, who has now also been booked in the murder of Tikku, was produced before the Esplanade court on Friday, which remanded her to police custody till May 9. The police told the court that she is a link between the murders of Kakkar and Tikku.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908273", "title": "Rana should not do films with social messages: Sanjay Dutt", "text": "Sanjay Dutt and Rana Daggubati come together for the first time in Ram Gopal Varma's film 'Department'. Dutt plays a hard core cop who has been hired by the police department to erase corruption within the police department. That's when Dutt forms his own team and Daggubati joins him in the operation. Dutt will once again play an unusual character named Mahadev with shades of grey and Daggubati will flex some muscles to convincingly play the gritty character Shivnarayan.As a veteran in the industry, Sanju has some words of advice for Daggubati who is only two films old in Bollywood. Says Dutt, \"My only advice to Rana is that he should stick to commercial cinema because that is the best. He should not do films with social messages if he wants to do well in the industry.\" When asked what he thought of Rana, Sanju further piqued, \"Rana is a very fine actor. He has got the looks and personality and he can carry on with many roles. I pray to God that he does well and becomes big in Bollywood\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12903966", "title": "Steel Authourity of India limited joins hands for 2.1MTPA cement plant", "text": "BOKARO: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Friday inaugurated a cement plant, a joint venture of Jaiprakash Associates limited (JAL) and Steel Authourity of India limited (SAIL) in the Balidih industrial area on Friday. The plant is said to have a capacity of 21 lakh tonnes per annum.This is the fourth major cement plant in the state and SAIL's second joint venture with JAL group for cement manufacturing. A year ago a similar cement plant was launched in Bhilai.The plant has come up on 69 acres in which 63 acres have been provided by Balidih Industrial Development Authority (BIADA). The estimated cost of the project is pegged at Rs 500 crore. It will manufacture cement with the slag generated by the Bokaro Steel (BSL).The equity participation by the two partners JAL and SAIL in the new company, Bokaro Jaypee Cement limited (BOJCL), is in the ratio of 76:24. Reportedly, the company has provided employment to 500 people while about 5,000 residents have been benefited indirectly by getting involved in other activities of the company.\"I have always laid stress on pollution control and value addition of those products generated as wastes in big industrial units. This new plant has utilized slag for producing cement. This will solve the slag storage problem of the BSL and will help in checking pollution. The revenue generated by the company will also benefit the state,\" said Munda.Munda added that the other steel industries in state should also come up with such ventures in which waste materials would be used for producing fresh energy and products.A BOJCL officer said there were two mills functioning in the plant for cement production. The requirement of 23 megawatt electricity for production is fulfilled by Damodar Valley Corporation. The company will contribute Rs 138 crore to the state and Rs 105 crore to the Centre per year with the revenue generated by the plant. Company requires one lakh tons of slag per month for production which will be transported to the plant from BSL through a conveyor belt. For smooth transportation of cement a seven-km-long railway track is under-construction.Deputy chief ministers, Sudesh Mahto and Hemant Soren, chairman SAIL C S Verma, director, SAIL (technical), S S Mohanty, chief executive officer, BSL, Anutosh Maitra, managing director, JAL, Sunny Gaur and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12904619", "title": "CSIR to have world class facilities for research", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following 20 years of vision document prepared by the CSIR for its 38 labs all across the country, retention of Indian scientists has been announced as the main focus of these scientific labs. In a meeting held at the Institute of Microbial Technology on Friday, of all the directors of these labs, the minister of science and technology Vilasrao Deshmukh emphasized on production of innovations which can reach the masses.Addressing the media, Deshmukh said he aims to create world class facilities in the CSIR labs for the benefit of industry.An MoU will be signed between CSIR-Central Scientific Instruments Organization, and CSIR-Institute of Microbial Technology, Chandigarh, on Saturday to encourage younger colleagues to pursue research in trans-disciplinary areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12911199", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar will make a successful politician, says Heath Streak", "text": "MANGALORE: On a cricket field, former Zimbabwe skipper Heath Streak found Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar's broad MRF bat hard to breach. Though Streak enjoyed playing with Sachin, but not bowling to him, the news of Sachin's nomination to house of elders in Indian Parliament brought a guarded response from Streak, who on his day prised the priced wicket of Sachin, just as the latter took him to the cleaners when the Little Master was in his elements.Streak in the city to play a T20 cricket match at NMPT Stadium on Sunday interacting with media said, \"Sachin is a wonderful person, who pushes hard in everything that he does. I am certain that he will become a successful politician too.\" Describing Sachin as a person of integrity, Streak said, \"Sachin has been successful in whatever he has done so far and earned respect of all alike, and certain that he would do the same in his new innings as well.\"Evading a direct reply if it is right for current cricketers to enter politics, Streak pointed, \"It this (entering politics) is what he (Sachin) wants, and he feels that he can make a difference by doing so, he should.\" Given Sachin's charisma and conduct on field, Streak, who considers Sachin the most difficult batsman that he ever bowled to after Mathew Hayden and Brian Lara , said, \"I am certain that he would have a positive influence on society.\"On Sachin's perceived lack of success in T20, the slam-bang version of cricket, Streak said, \"Given his reputation as a batsman, his fans want him to score a hundred every time he takes guard, and even a few low string of scores are seen as failures.\" Noting that Sachin is not getting any young, he turned 39 on April 24, Streak said, \"At his age, it becomes difficult for the body to compete and retain the form that he has been in consistently for long.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902983", "title": "No illegal tinted glass in cars from May 4: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: From May 4, if your car has black film on the front and rear windscreens that blocks light by more than 30% and the tint on the side window panes is more than 50%, then you could be in contempt of court in addition to being prosecuted as per the rules provided under the Motor Vehicles Act.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar went by the limits prescribed in the MV Act and said anything beyond the visual light transmission (VLT) limit of 70% for the front and rear windshields and 50% for the side windows would be punishable.The decision came on a PIL filed by Avishek Goenka, who had complained that cars with black film on window panes were being increasingly used for crimes, including sexual assault of women. He said though there was no express restraint on use of black film under the MV Act, it prescribed VLT limits.Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Kumar said, \"On the plain reading of the rule, it is clear that cars must have safety glass having VLT at the time of manufacturing... In other words, the rule not impliedly but specifically prohibits alteration of such VLT by any means.\"It's illegal, but tinted glass windows in cars in the city are a common sight. However, after the Supreme Court banned use of tinted glass beyond the permissible limit, such defaulters are going to have a tough time. Traffic police now intends to intensify the drive against use of tinted glass in vehicles.There has been a traffic police drive against tinted car windows since last year. However, there has been a lull in the prosecutions this year, with only 9,279 such prosecutions till April 15 this year. Last year, for the same period, there had been as many as 30,582 prosecutions. Cops claim that better compliance has resulted in lower prosecutions.At present, car owners who are found not following the permitted percentage set for tinted glass have to either hand in their registration certificate or their driving licence along with the usual Rs 100 challan slapped on defaulters. \"A notice is also issued to them by traffic police and the defaulter has to report to the area traffic inspector where the violation was recorded within 72 hours for inspection of the vehicle.If the directions are not followed, the matter will be forwarded to the court,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg. As per the permissible limit there should be at least 70% transparency in the film on the front and rear windows while 50% transparency is required on the side windows.\"Usually, since the fine is just a meagre Rs 100, which is nothing compared to the money spent on films (ranging from Rs 700 to Rs 14,000 for the more fancy ones that protect from UV rays), it is not much of a deterrent to defaulters who continue to travel in the tinted vehicles. We hope that the stricter action will make the defaulters mindful of the rules,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Last year, as many as 45,649 vehicles with tinted glass were booked. \"Significantly, a majority of these were repeat offenders, showing that despite being caught, Delhiites are mostly unmindful of the rules,\" said a senior traffic officer. This year, in a drive started on March 27, about 2,064 offenders have been booked till April 26.Of them, 999 vehicle owners were made to remove the tinted film on the spot.The \"Rules of Road Regulations, 1989\" framed by the central government under Section 118 of the Motor Vehicles Act state that, \"A driver of a motor vehicle and every other person using the road shall obey every direction given, whether by signal or otherwise, by a police officer or any authorized person for the time being in charge of the regulation of traffic.\" Under the rule, even a traffic constable has the power to issue notice to the defaulter, said traffic police. Tinted glass in vehicles has been a major source of concern for women's security as well as criminal activities. Delhi Police had earlier sent a proposal to the Union home ministry to amend the Motor Vehicles Act to enhance fines on use of tinted glass. The amendment is expected to increase the fine to a minimum of Rs 500. Tinted car windows have helped criminals especially in cases of rape and murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12902609", "title": "Industries fail to pay heed to Maharashtra Pollution Control Board norms", "text": "NASHIK: The regional office of the Maharashtra pollution control board (MPCB), which had issued show-cause notices to 33 industrial units in December 2011 for operating without consent, is after four months still awaiting response from them.The MPCB had conducted a survey of industries to find out which industrial units in Satpur and Ambad were operating without consent. Out of the 169 units visited by the sub-regional officer, 14 had not renewed their consent applications and 19 had no consent at all. The MPCB issued show-cause notices to these 33 units, said regional officer A S Fulse.The MPCB said that it had given the firms a period of 15 days to apply for consent but failed to provide data on how many of the 33 firms had applied for consent, though Fulse claimed the agency's continuously following the issue up. The board also decided to give a four-month period to such units to comply and thereafter impose ten times the penal rates on them. But the MPCB head office has decided to keep this decision in abeyance.Fulse said, \"We had sent a circular to the industries in March saying that not taking MPCB's consent for their units could be disastrous. The board had taken a decision to impose penal charges ten times the consent fees. We asked the industries to apply for consent by March-end. The MIDC had given a letter in reply stating that it would be difficult for them to do the needful in the given time-frame. The MPCB head office has therefore kept the decision in abeyance and communicated it to us through a letter on March 25.\"The regional office, however, does not have any data as to how many of the 33 units have applied for consent so far, despite the blanket period of four months almost coming to an end. \"We are following the issue up regularly with units that do not have consent,\" said Fulse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12903122", "title": "Suicide victim\u2019s body handed over to MCG", "text": "GURGAON: The DLF II police have handed over the body of suicide victim Prachi Sharma to the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG)for performing the last rites. No one has reportedly come forward to claim the body even 72 hours after the victim was found hanging from the ceiling fan of a hotel room on Tuesday.Police have also sent the viscera of the victim to the forensic science laboratory in Madhuban for examination.Meanwhile, the police have not been able to get any information from Rajendra, allegedly a friend of the victim, who was taken into custody a day after the incident.Rajendra had earlier told the police that he had met the victim for the first time when they checked into the hotel on Tuesday.\"We have conducted the postmortem of the body and have sent the viscera to the FSL in Madhuban. The body has now been handed over to the MCG, since no one has come forward to claim it so far,\" said Jungsher, SHO, DLF II police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12905009", "title": "Aurangabad bench to hear PIL on Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation land", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday transferred to the Aurangabad bench a PIL seeking a Central Bureau of Investigation probe into the allotment of MIDC land in Latur to the Vilasrao Deshmukh Foundation.\"The land is in Latur, transfer deeds were executed by MIDC to the foundation there,'' said a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar, adding the bench here did not have jurisdiction to hear the matter.The court was hearing a PIL by Latur agriculturist Rajendra Sontakke and four others, who had challenged the allotment of 20 acres to filmmaker Subhash Ghai for setting up the Whistling Woods film institute.The PIL cited a 2009 comptroller and auditorgeneral (CAG) report on the allotment as it caused a loss of Rs 1.19 crore to the state; Vilasrao's wife Vaishali and son Amit are 'trustees'.In 2006, MIDC allotted plots to the foundation for a college and a playground, and received a premium of Rs 41.5 lakh.CAG said, \"There was no record of the foundation fulfilling MIDC's eligibility criteria. The area allotted was in excess and against rates mentioned. As a result , MIDC incurred a loss of Rs 1.19 crore.\" Sontakke said the land was allotted at the behest of Deshmukh, who was a chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12903159", "title": "Four move HC over \u2018costly\u2019 Maharashtra housing and area development authority flats", "text": "MUMBAI: Four city residents who won a Maharashtra housing and area development authority (Mhada) lottery for affordable flats have approached the Bombay high court challenging the high cost of Rs 55.16 lakh they have been asked to pay for the apartments in Shimpoli in Kandivli (W).The rate for the 476 sq ft flats work out to Rs 11,589 per sq ft. According to the petitioners, the price was excessive compared with other similar schemes by Mhada. \"In fact, the price is three times the price mentioned in the government's ready reckoner,\" claimed the petitioners. They added that market rates for similar flats in the area were reportedly Rs 8,000 per sq ft.The high cost of the flats in question was justified by Mhada on the grounds that the builder had to spend Rs 16 crore to construct a bridge over a nullah to provide access to the buildings where it was located. The petitioners also said that the 172 flats offered by Mhada in the project were converted to high income group tenements to justify the high price.The petitioners have urged the court to order Mhada to reduce the sale price of the flats and pending the hearing of the case, to not insist on payment of the flat cost.Cops ask MMRDA for cheap homesThe city police have asked the MMRDA to allot apartments in its low-cost rental projects for their housing needs. This follows the announcement of a new plan where low-cost flats will be given to government employee groups. While the MMRDA's earlier scheme was only for low cost rentals for the public, now only 15 to 20% flats will be for the public. - Ashley D'MelloChavan allots flats to Bhendi Bazar PAPsCM Prithviraj Chavan has ordered the allotment of 1,650 Mhada flats at Reay Road to project-affected persons of the Saifee Burhani Upliftment Trust (SBUT), which is engaged in cluster development of Bhendi Bazar. A vision of Bohra spiritual leader Syedna Dr Mohammed Burhanuddin, SBUT has already moved many families to its transit houses at Mazgaon. -- tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12909858", "title": "Prabhu sir is truly killing us: Akshay Kumar", "text": "Akshay Kumar seems to have been facing dancing dilemma off late.Akshay Khiladi Kumar is sweating it out on the sets of Rowdy Rathore, his forthcoming action comedy directed by Prabhu Deva.However dancing in the heat is what is killing him more than executing the high octane stunts.Akshay is being trained by none other than Prabhu Deva himself and meeting Prabhu Deva's dance expectations is no joke. Akki is slogging it out to catch with up Deva and his dancing.Akshay blogged, \"Waiting for Sonakshi madam! Prabhu sir is truly killing us, making us dance like true South Indian which is why Sonakshi Sinha is hiding.\"It is not the first time that Prabhu Deva has made an actor nervous. Dancing queen Madhuri Dixit too had said, \"I was nervous when i was told, I'll be dancing on Prabhu Deva's tunes in Que Sera Sera, song from Pukar. I got cold feet. I wasn't sure if i could execute what he taught. He is a fantastic dancer.\"Looks like Prabhu, the choreographer is quite a task master otherwise why would Salman Khan who generally doesn't bother even changing his expressions did a full fledged jalwa in Wanted!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905644", "title": "Enjoy the weather, have a nice weekend", "text": "BANGALORE: The weather remained pleasant in the city for the third consecutive day. And the good news is that it will remain so during the weekend. The weatherman says: \"Cloudy skies will keep the temperature in check. A few spells of thundershowers are likely in the next two days. Temperature is unlikely to go beyond 33 degrees Celsius. The low pressure trough created over south Kanyakumari will bring more rains.''What's more, the duty officer at MET department says that the pre-monsoon season is slowly setting in and rains are here to stay now.The Met department recorded maximum temperature at 32.7 degrees Celsius and minimum temperature at 23 degrees Celsius on Friday. MET office recorded 0.7 mm rainfall in HAL region, 2.5 mm in the city and 10.4 mm rainfall in Yelahanka till 8.30 pm on Friday. It rained in most parts of the city in the late evening hours, said MET officials.And here is one more reason to smile. The rain didn't bring in misery this time: There were just a few complaints of water logging and power cuts.\"\"There has been no waterlogging and no tree fall in our area. There has been only a little inconvenience caused by a 30-minute power cut,\" said Vidya Shankar, president, Bangalore South Welfare and Culture Association, BTM Layout Residents Welfare Association.Mukund N, a Jayanagar resident, echoed: \"Not much inconvenience has been caused in our area. No waterlogging either.\"At Cambridge Layout, power cuts were the only problem. \"They were largely due to acute power shortage and the weather condition added fuel to it. It is quite inconvenient keeping in mind that they are never properly scheduled,\" said Ajith Benedict, a resident.Meanwhile, traffic was slow on CV Road junction and Inner Ring Road Circle, Koramangala, due to waterlogging. At other areas in the city, traffic was quite smooth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "12907124", "title": "Indian-origin boy kidnapped in Malaysia", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: A 12-year-old Indian origin boy has been kidnapped a few meters away from his apartment in Malaysia while walking to a neighbourhood school.Nayati Shamelin Moodliar, who is a Dutch national, was was on his way to the Mont Kiara International School, hardly 200 metres away yesterday when he was abducted by two men who looked Indians and fled aways a black car.Majority of the children at the school are expatriates including several Indian nationals.Though the number plate of the car was noted police said that the registration number of the vehicle was phony.The kidnapping incident came at a time when the police force was busy readying for a massive electoral reforms rally whose organisers have not been given permission to hold the sit - in at a downtown square today.The school in a statement said yesterday : \"School was in lock-down due to the abduction of a Grade 7 student Nayati Moodliar prior to the start of the school day. All other students are safe and accounted for. Abducted child has not been located. Police have informed that Amber Alert has been issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12905853", "title": "Evaluators remain absent for checking of UP board copies", "text": "KANPUR: More than 50 percent evaluators remained absent on the first formal day of the evaluations of UP board copies here on Friday. Similar was the scene on the training day on Thursday as well where a large number of teachers have not attended the training sessions.As per the information provided by the centre-superintendents where the copies of UP board are being checked, most of the teachers remained absent in training days as well as in evaluations. If the sources are to believed, this has happened due to poor wages given to the evaluators.Importantly, the daily wages given to each evaluator for checking the copies of class X is rupees 4. While, the amount given to check the copies of intermediate is rupees 5.50. The daily wage of DHE is 175 rupees per day, while main controller is allotted the wage of 3 rupees per evaluator, which cannot exceed beyond rupees 1200. Deputy controller is assigned to get wage of rupees 3 per evaluator which can not be exceeded from rupees 900. While, additional controller's daily wage is rupees 750 per day.The daily wages for room controller is rupees 550 per day. While, the per day income of class III employee is rupees 15 per day.\"The low wages given to the evaluators and long time duration of work can be considered as the reason for the low percentage of the evaluators. Each official from evaluator to center-superintendent everyone has to work from 10 am to 5 pm. The other reason of low attendance can also be the poor seating, toilet and water arrangements at various centres,\" said a centre-superintendent on the condition of anonymity.He went on to add that the though the authorities of UP Board are trying hard to be in the race of CBSE and ICSE education system, but they are not providing equal wages to the teachers and evaluators who work so hard in the hot weather conditions.Also, the District Inspector Of School (DIOS) have asked all the centre-superintendents to admit new evaluators if the percentage of attendance remained the same for one more day. The DIOS also added that strict actions will be taken against the evaluators who will remained absent during evaluations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902559", "title": "University of Pune assigns Panel to probe into goof-up in MBA paper", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune (UoP) has assigned an inquiry committee to examine complaints of a goof-up in one of the questions of the MBA second semester's financial management paper that was held on Thursday.Officiating controller of examination C M Chitale told TOI on Friday, \"We had received a few telephone calls from some of the students pointing out the error in the question relating to the discounting factor.\"The question carried 15 marks out of the 60-mark paper for the financial management subject.He said, \"Prima facie, it appears that the data in the question, which was supposed to be presented in a descending order, was not presented in the correct format. However, there is no case of the question being out of syllabus.\"A two-member panel comprising the chairman of the board of studies and a member to be appointed by the dean of the management faculty, will look into the matter and submit its report in the next two or three days, he said.\"We will act as per the recommendation of the panel's report,\" he said. \"Whatever decision we take, will be in the interest of the students. We have to first see what went wrong and whether the error is big enough to take major action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12904170", "title": "Overweight Sports Authority of Goa to be trimmed down", "text": "PANAJI: Sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar has decided to whip the Sports Authority of Goa back into shape after it turned obese during the seven-year reign of the Congress government.SAG has a staff of 661 on its rolls-554 of whom are regular employees inclusive from the five major centres-and is understood to be among the highest in any state corporation or autonomous body.\"The scope for development and revenue-generation in sports is enormous but we have seen that hardly any use (of the staff) is being made. We are in the process of reviewing the appointments and will take an appropriate decision soon,\" Tawadkar told TOI on Thursday.The state government has already kept on hold the regularization of 151 employees-who were approved by the general body on a \"priority basis\"-since the order was issued on December 22, 2011, two days before the election code of conduct came into effect. Many of the appointees at SAG have been largely political, influenced heavily by former sports ministers Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar and Pandurang Madkaikar.SAG executive director Elvis Gomes also admitted that the appointments have been \"totally irrational\" and there was an urgent need to weed out those who were found to be surplus to requirements.\"The staff of SAG is huge. I don't see this kind of staff being employed anywhere else,\" said Gomes, who has been handpicked by chief minister Manohar Parrikar to sort out the sporting mess.\"There are reports that most of the SAG staff have been found to be doing nothing. We basically have five major complexes but at the end of the day, there is still more on our plate than we actually need,\" admitted Gomes who is also the vice-president of the Goa Football Association.Since being appointed the SAG ED, Gomes has discovered to his horror that absentees and political interference was the order of the day.As a first measure, Gomes has introduced the biometric attendance system at five major centres-SAG headquarters in Campal, Nehru Stadium in Fatorda, Ponda sports complex, Tilak Maidan in Vasco, Chicalim sports complex-and made it mandatory for all staffers to report to duty on time at 9.30am.\"Generally, I am in office an hour earlier (than the staffers) so they do not have any reason to escape work. They know they are all being watched,\" said Gomes.Gomes has a point, and the effects are already beginning to show. Each day at 9.30am, and sometimes even before, the SAG headquarters at Campal is unusually crowded as hordes of staff line up to register their attendance.SAG staff strengthRegular: 554Deputation: 7Contract: 4Daily wages: 96Total: 661", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12902773", "title": "Nagpur BJP unit has a head but no body!", "text": "NAGPUR: Even a month after the Nagpur unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) got a new chief in the form of Krishna Khopde, he is yet to put together his team of office bearers.Party insiders say deliberations are on to build a strong team that may have a crucial role in the next two years. The team assumes more importance in view of the possibility of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari contesting for Lok Sabha from the city in 2014. The state assembly elections are also due that year.Asked about the delay, Khodpe, who is also MLA from east Nagpur, said he was busy for the last one month with the budget session of the state assembly. \"The session concluded on April 20. After that, it's the marriage season,\" he told TOI on Friday.However, he was confident his new team will be in place in the next ten days. A month ago, Khopde was appointed city BJP chief after Anil Sole vacated the post on being elected as mayor. The choice of Khopde, who belongs to the OBC, was seen as a strong statement to attract the large community to BJP.On Saturday, the BJP civic parliamentary committee will hold a meeting to shortlist candidates to constitute eight committees and their heads in NMC as well as chairpersons for the eight civic zones. Heads of panels for octroi, health, education, women and child welfare and sports have an important role to play in the city affairs.The names are to be finalized before the civic body meeting scheduled on April 30, said the city BJP chief.Another important issue that may be taken up for deliberation at Saturday's meeting is the selection of co-opted member from NMC to be deputed on the board of trustees of the Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT).The NIT trustee is a much sought-after post and the names of elected corporators believed to be in the race for the post are Narendra (Balya) Borkar, former chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi, Chhotu Bhoyar, Avinash Thakre, Sudhakar Kolhe and Chetna Tank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12909134", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar might be pressurised to accept RS nomination: Ramdev", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yoga guru Ramdev today sought to find fault with the Rajya Sabha nomination to Sachin Tendulkar alleging that the \"sinking\" Congress might have pressurised him to accepting the honour to enhance its prestige.Tendulkar's nomination has provided people with an opportunity to ask the cricketer whether he will remain silent or will he speak up on issues like corruption and bringing back blackmoney stashed in tax havens, Ramdev told reporters.\"He has every right to take whatever decision he wants to take. He has hit many centuries, he has hit many sixes. But now it gives us an opportunity to knock his doors asking him whether he will remain silent or will he speak up,\" he said.He said Congress has decided to nominate Tendulkar to the Upper House of Parliament to \"salvage the sinking ship\".\"These nominations (that of Tendulkar and actress Rekha ) are to divert attention from the real issues. Nobody will oppose honouring Sachin. People of the country have no objection about honouring him with Bharat Ratna.\"But Congress is thinking how to tag Sachin with them. So there is a politics in not giving Bharat Ratna to him. There is also politics in giving him Rajya Sabha nomination,\" Ramdev said.Asked whether he thought Tendulkar was pressurised by the Board of Cricket Control in India ( BCCI ) and Congress into accepting the nomination, Ramdev said he had heard this from many quarters.\"It does not appear it (pressurising Sachin to accept nomination) is baseless. Sachin is a responsible citizen. He knows what is happening. He is not a child...It is for him to decide what to do after he retires from cricket.\"We have no problem with that. But we expect that he applies his mind whether his cricket career is important or political career is important,\" Ramdev said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12914355", "title": "Parag dairy working much below capacity", "text": "VARANASI: With the production capacity of one lakh litre of milk every day, the Parag dairy-- which is perhaps one of the oldest dairies of eastern Uttar Pradesh-- is presently producing only 17,000 litre of milk per day. However, if the officials of the dairy are to be believed, there is no crisis of milk supplied to the dairy but the unavailability of unit to convert the stored as well as surplus milk into dry milk powder is responsible for low production.\"The plant that converts milk into powder form has been non-functional since 2004. The surplus milk used to be stored in powder form and was used whenever there was a shortage of milk in the region. This is the main reason why the plant is not able to treat about 50,000 litre of milk on an average,\" informed Yadav.According to him, various technologies are used to convert the milk into powder form so that the state of the milk changes from liquid to solid without any changes in its contents of vitamins and minerals. The machineries at the plant could not stand amidst the modern machineries at other contemporary dairies, which is why the portion of the production unit was closed in 2004.\"However, there are no planning to renovate the technologies and change the machineries of the closed unit,\" informed Yadav. As per the dairy officials, when there is surplus supply of milk, the milk is transported to a dairy in Fatehpur near Kanpur district, where the milk is converted into powder form and is transported back to the dairy at Ramnagar Industrial Area. \"About 40-45,000 litre of milk is transported to Fatehpur for conversion whenever the season is high,\" informed Ajay Srivastava, the production in charge.It is worth mentioning here that during a meeting held with the officials of various departments on Friday, divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari was shocked to know about the statistics of the production of milk as compared to the vast capacity of the plant at the Parag dairy.As the TOI team visited the production unit, it was found that the sanitary conditions at the dairy were also not up to the mark as most the workers did not wear gloves and masks. The laboratory where the collected milk was tested for impurities did not have any measures to check the availability of oxytocin, injected into cattle to produce more milk.\"However, the laboratory can test the milk for impurities like starch, sugar, salt, urea, formalin and water,\" informed an employee at the production unit. It is noteworthy that at present as many as 600 milk societies from Chandauli, Varanasi, Bhadohi and Chunar are supplying milk to Parag dairy which amounts to an average supply of approximately 17,000 litre every day. While Chandauli alone has some 400 milk societies, Varanasi, Bhadohi and Chunar have 70, 80 and 50 milk societies respectively.\"During the time of milk shortage, the milk is also collected from the State Milk Grid (SMG) which includes Ballia, Jaunpur, Mau and Ghazipur. The collection of milk reaches to 45,000 litre during wedding and festive season. At the same time, as the average requirement of milk in the city is approximately 4,00,000 litres per day, the Parag dairy is able to meet not more than 25,000 litre of requirement.\"Our stocks are ample, but it is the dependency of people on various other supplies of milk, a large portion of the population still believes that packaged milk implies powdered milk, and they prefer buying milk directly from the open sattis and private milk units,\" informed Yadav. Apart from Varanasi, the milk products of Parag dairy are also transported to Chandauli, Mughalsarai, Robertsganj, Anpara, Renukoot, and Shakti Nagar.Meanwhile, Yadav also feels that there are no shortcomings in the marketing of the dairy products. It is noteworthy that dairy produces wide range of milk products which are available at special distribution booths which are very less in number.\"Due to less space, there were only 12 distribution booths in the city till now. A proposal for 25 new distribution booths has been submitted to the commissioner during a recent meeting. Around 700 individual agents look after the supply of milk in the city,\" informed Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12903888", "title": "Former poachers turn turtle protectors", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Forest officials have roped in former turtle poachers and egg pilferers to save the endangered Olive Ridley Turtles and their hatchlings in six turtle protection camps at Siali, Sandhakuda, Jatadhar, Ramatara, Akasadia and Bandar beaches under Kujang and Earasama blocks of Jagatsinghpur district.\"In these seaside villages we have discovered that you can't protect species like sea turtles without looking after people who live around their nesting sites. We have employed nearly 40 former poachers and locals who now receive tangible benefits from the forest department to protect turtles. Former poachers are learning the value of conserving turtles,\" said Kujang forest range officer Sobhagya Kumar Sahoo.\"We chose a few locals to keep round-the-clock vigil and collect eggs from the nests and shift them to specially-made hatcheries on the beach sites. When the eggs hatch about 45-50 days later, they are carefully released in the sea. We recruited local persons and former poachers by offering them a monthly remuneration,\" the forest officer said.\"The survival of these turtles is under threat largely because of illegal poaching, an activity that former poacher Ajaya Kandi of seaside Sandakuda village is fighting to end,\" Sahoo added. \"If there is no intervention for one or two decades all the marine turtles will disappear in Sandakuda beach in Paradip port town as the beach is not well protected,\" Ajaya said in turn.Local Sandakuda fisherman Sanjaya Sahoo and his team, with the help of forest officials, are also involved in collecting the eggs and burying them on the beaches where they incubated safely recently. \"Turtle eggs and meat taste good, so we try to stay one step ahead of poachers,\" the fisherman said.\"Turtle eggs were sold in neighbouring villages for a mere 25 paise per egg two decades ago, but now not only the eggs have shot up in demand and are priced much higher, the turtles are poached for their meat as well,\" says fisherman Manoranjan Jana of Madali beach.The Peoples for Animal organization has also jumped in the fray to lend a helping hand to villagers in their turtle conservation efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902441", "title": "Maharashtra to get H1N1 vaccine for doctors, staff soon", "text": "PUNE: The doctors and paramedical staff involved in the management of swine flu cases in Maharashtra will get the swine flu vaccine in a few days. The state government has submitted a requisition for 20,500 doses of injectable vaccine to the Union health ministry on Thursday. The vaccine doses are likely to arrive within a week. The objective is to vaccinate the front-line health staff before the monsoon, officials from the ministry said.\"We have received Maharashtra's requisition for 20,500 vaccine doses. The demand letter has been forwarded to the ministry's Emergency Medical Relief (EMR) department. The vaccine will be made available to the state health department within a week,\" D D Malekar, senior regional director (regional office) of the Union ministry of health and family welfare, told TOI on Thursday.The vaccine is meant for doctors and paramedical staff involved in treating swine flu patients at state-run and civic body-run hospitals, dispensaries and screening centres.The resurgence in swine flu infection in Pune, Mumbai and nearby areas in the state had prompted the Union health ministry to procure vaccines for the medical staff involved in management of H1N1 infection cases. The ministry's EMR department had asked the state officials to furnish exact requirement of the vaccine doses for the staff a few days ago.During the previous outbreak of swine flu infection, the Union ministry had to call back unused doses of imported vaccine following poor response from doctors and paramedical staff. In July 2010, when the swine flu infection was at its peak in the state, only 2,055 of the 34,300 of state's medical staff involved in the H1N1 cases had taken the vaccine.Asked how the authorities are going to convince the health staff to take the vaccine now, a state health official said, \"We can only advise them to take it. We cannot force anyone to take the vaccine.\" The vaccine is free of cost, he added. In 2010, when the swine flu infection was at its peak in Maharashtra,the Pune bureau of the state family welfare department had received a consignment of 34,300 doses of imported swine flu vaccine. on March 18.The vaccine was meant only for healthcare personnel involved in the management of swine flu patients at state-run hospitals as they were at a higher risk of contracting the infection.Doubts about the efficacy of the imported vaccine, its side-effects, especially of developing ineffective polyneuropathy (Guillain-Barre syndrome) - a disorder of the nervous system that leads to increasing muscular weakness - and a clause of written consent prior to taking the vaccine were primarily cited as reasons for not taking the shot. Only two cases of minor vaccine side-effects like giddiness were reported at that time, the official said. As many as 16 districts in the state did not vaccinate a single doctor or nurse.Unlike last time, when the health ministry procured imported vaccine for the medical staff, this time the government has an indigenous swine flu vaccine in its supply chain. The intramascular vaccine is manufactured by Delhi-based pharma company Panacea Biotec .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903648", "title": "Oppn reply to Mamata\u2019s \u2018Promises Delivered\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: The war drums are rolling on the eve of completion of one year by Mamata Banerjee government, only the means of warfare this time are books.In a unique duel - being fought between the ruling party and the opposition - a couple of books have taken the centre stage. Close on the heels of Mamata Banerjee's book 'Promises Delivered' hitting the shelves in some of the state departments, comes the reply from opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra - 'Jobab Meleni' (Questions Unanswered).While Mamata has highlighted the success, so far, during her stint as CM, the opposition leader has criticized the state, though, in a restraint manner.Referring to some recent incidents of rape with 'a political vengeance', assault on teachers, murder of rival political party leaders, police inaction, farmers' suicide, Mishra said: \"The government is certainly on the reverse gear. But, we still want to play the role of a responsible opposition. We, unlike the government, have no dearth of patience.\"Taking a potshot at the chief minister's claim of 99% of target achievement, Mishra said: \"100 days, 200 days or even a year is too short a period to evaluate a government. We are not evaluating the government. But we want government to answer straight on different issues which have hit the lives of people. On the floor of the assembly, we did not get the answer. We wrote letters to the CM, but there was no answer. 'Jobab Meleni' is a compilation of unanswered issues we want to raise before the government.\"\"We feel that the democratic rights of people earned during the 34 years of the Left rule, are being infringed upon. Even the Trinamool ministers are under surveillance. The CM has recently called on three of his ministerial colleagues, belonging to her own party, to tell that she knew where they went and what they did. So, there is a desperate attempt to generate a fear among them with the help of cops,\" Mishra said.According to him, the pressure tactics on media and asking people what to read and what to see is only a logical extension of the undemocratic process. Taking cue from some recent incidents, where people were not allowed to lodge any FIR, he said: \"If anyone dares to lodge a complaint, there is a threat on his life. In North Dinajpur, a woman was reportedly raped by TMC-backed goons. She dared to lodge a complaint with police and was asked to withdraw the complaint. But she did not. And her five-year-old child was abducted. The child's body was found next day near her home. Who will now dare to lodge a complaint with police?\"Mishra, however, has hailed the issue of three-year-moratorium of payment of interest on total debt. But, he refused to accept that the Left has so far been meek in its response to some government action, which are in line of criticism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903437", "title": "Girl power reigns at Institute of Rural Management Anand", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Girl power is growing in a number of premier educational institutes in and around the city. After the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A) regained its highest percentage of girl students clearing their way to the institute this year, other premier institutes like Institute of Rural Management Anand (IRMA) are also witnessing a similar trend.The number of girls making it to IRMA this year (for 2012-14) has become almost double of what it was two years back. Out of 221 students who cracked the entrance examination for studying the Post Graduate Diploma in Rural Management (PRM) and got through the interviews to get call letters from the institute this year, more than 100 students are girls.\"The number of girls getting into the institute has been increasing steadily in the institute over the past few years. There are a large number of girls who have got admission offer letters from us this year as well. Of all the offer letters for admissions made this year, 46 per cent have gone to girls,\" said director of IRMA, Jeemol Unni.\"The admission process is the same for boys and girls. So the increase proves that the performance of girls has been getting better. This is a very encouraging trend,\" she said.The 2010-12 batch of PRM had 25 per cent girls. The percentage improved to 35 in the next batch of 2011-13.\"With the rapid increase in the number of girl students in the institute in the past few years, we are preparing to increase the accommodation for girls. We will be constructing more girls' hostels this year,\" said Unni.The process of admission for PRM includes an entrance test conducted by IRMA followed by group discussions and interviews.PRM gets good mix of students with various backgrounds. While the number of engineering students is slightly more than half the batch, there is a good proportion of students coming from areas like agriculture, commerce and economics. The number of students from the arts and humanities is still comparatively fewer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12905137", "title": "Drive on to scrap illegal autos, fix electronic meters", "text": "The Wadala and Andheri RTOs on Friday launched a special drive to nab \"illegal\" autos and those plying with expired fitness certificates. Two auto drivers were caught for not installing emeters despite the expiry of their fitness certificates.The aim is to weed out illegal autos from roads while ensuring that every auto that is due for a fitness test is fitted with electronic meters . It has now become mandatory for every driver to get an e-meter installed at the time of annual passing or fitness tests. RTO officials said the drive is being conducted from this week. \"We have been instructed by superiors to keep tabs on unauthorized vehicles and ensure that every auto switches to e-meter on the due date,\" said T P Chavan, assistant RTO, Wadala.A senior officer from the Andheri RTO said the drive began on Friday morning and will continue over the next few days. \"We have our flying squads conducting random checks on autos. They will check for valid documents and ensure that autos with proper fitness certificates, licences, permits (and also drivers with badges) are plying,\" he said.A senior activist from Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union claimed there were 25,000 autos plying illegally in Mumbai.\"These autos had been sent for scrap in the past. But instead of cutting them into two, the owner clandestinely smuggled the vehicles out of Mumbai, gave them a fresh coat of paint and ran them with old registration numbers,\" he said, and added that these autos were run by unscrupulous elements who were often involved in behaving rudely with passengers and fleecing them.Chavan admitted that there were illegal autos on roads. \"Most of these autos run with expired permits and invalid registration numbers, and we are making efforts to trace them,\" Chavan said. In the past two years, the RTO has seized more than 425 illegal taxis, but there have been very few cases of illegal autos being confiscated, sources said.The sources added RTO officials complain about lack of space in their premises to keep seized illegal vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12908201", "title": "Yahoo, Facebook battle escalates", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Yahoo accused Facebook of retaliating against a patent-infringement lawsuit by buying patents that the social networking site used as the basis for its countersuit against the web portal company.Facebook bought the patents after it was sued by Yahoo in March and then countersued over the newly acquired technologies as payback for the original lawsuit, Yahoo said in a filing today in federal court in San Jose , California.Of the 10 patents at issue in Facebook's counterclaims, \"several\" were purchased from patent licensing or holding companies after Yahoo's complaint was filed and some were \"tainted,\" the Sunnyvale, California-based company said in the filing. A federal judge should invalidate the Facebook patents and dismiss the company's counterclaims, Yahoo said.\"Many, if not all, of these patents were acquired by Facebook for purposes of retaliation against Yahoo! in this case,\" said the owner of the largest US Web portal.Some of the patents are enforceable because they were doctored and failed to name all inventors, Yahoo said.Jonathan Thaw, a spokesman for Menlo Park , California-based Facebook, said the company will continue to defend itself vigorously.\"We remain perplexed by Yahoo's erratic actions,\" Thaw said in an e-mail.Facebook, operator of the biggest social-networking site, accused Yahoo of infringing 10 patents through its home page and Flickr photo-sharing service and in ads displayed throughout its site. The claims were made to counter patent-infringement allegations Yahoo filed March 12 against Facebook.Facebook didn't invent technologies claimed in eight patents it sued over, which it bought from patent holding companies or patent aggregators, Yahoo's lawyers said in today's filing.The case is Yahoo vs Facebook, 12-cv-01212, US District Court, Northern District of California (San Jose).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904782", "title": "Actress Tara\u2019s associate arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Haneef, a close associate of Tollywood actress Tara Chowdhary, currently in judicial custody after being booked under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA), was arrested by Banjara Hills police on Friday.Banjara Hills police said that Haneef, who was Tara's assistant, informed them that the actress has two bank accounts and that he personally managed her financial accounts running into lakhs of rupees.At the behest of Tara, Haneef claimed, he recorded visuals and conversations of Tara's clients while they were in compromising positions with her with an intention of blackmail. Several popular personalities from Tollywood and other walks of life used to be her clients, Haneef added.Haneef claimed that Tara treated him as a slave. \"She would threaten to frame me in a theft case if I try to flee. I first met her during a film shoot a few years ago,\" he said.Assistant commissioner of police (Banjara Hills division) E Shankar Reddy said that based on the bank account details given by Haneef, the transactions will be verified.\"Haneef did not give us details about Tara. She has got bank accounts in Axis bank and State Bank of India . Haneef in his confession did not disclose the names of Tara's clientele,'' Shankar Reddy said.Police said that Haneef was in Mumbai last month and he came to Hyderabad a few days ago. Meanwhile, Nampally criminal court on Friday extended the judicial remand of Tara till May 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908521", "title": "Ex-Miss India finalist has a name change!", "text": "Rakul Preet Singh dazzled the audience and went to win a Miss India crown. And has just signed on her second Tamil film.She is all set to actor Arya's younger brother, Sathya, in movie to be directed by Vijay Adhiraj. But the twist in the tale for this pretty lass is that she has had a name change! The filmmakers felt her name was too North Indian for the Tamil audience and decided to give her a more South Indian name.So for the upcoming flick she will be known as 'Divya'. Hope the new name change brings her more luck in Kollwyood!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12902596", "title": "Jewellers want reduction in NRI gold import", "text": "NAGPUR: Jewellers, who are lobbying hard for a roll back in central excise duty on unbranded ornaments, are also pointing fingers at NRI travellers, terming them the likely agent for money laundering through yellow metal.The traders hosted a party for members of parliament on Thursday in Delhi to press for their demand to withdraw central excise. They also lobbied for a drastic cut in quantum of custom-free import of gold by NRIs.At present an NRI, after six months of stay, can return with 10 kgs of gold or 100 kgs of silver. Jewellers want this reduced to 1 kg of gold.The function hosted in Hotel Taj Palace, Delhi, had 79 MPs turning up as against close to 150 expected. Prior to this, jewellers called on BJP national president Nitin Gadkari whose support they are claiming. The issue of a cut in the NRI import quota came after the MPs expressed concern over gold becoming a means of stashing unaccounted wealth and money laundering, saying that covering the trade under excise laws could prevent the practice. On this, the jewellers turned the blame on NRI travellers saying their gold import had emerged as major money laundering tool. The cut in quota has also been one of the demands in the budget memorandum issued by All India Gems and Jewellery Association (AIGJF).Nitin Khandelwal, a director in AIGJF, said that gold purchased by NRIs does not reach the jewellers who normally import the commodity through banking channels. This begs the question as to where the gold finally lands up, he added.Acccording to Ashok Minawala, the former president of AIGF the prices were much lower when the relaxation on imports by NRIs was introduced. \"However, today 10 kgs gold costs almost Rs 3 crore. An ordinary NRI does not have capacity to purchase it. This raises suspicion over those bringing gold,\" he said. Minawala said the government, which is keen on reducing balance of payments gap, may actually cut the quota to around 1 kg.Khandelwal added that a large number of BJP MPs attended the function as the jewellers lobby is banking upon the opposition to take up their cause. The jewellers had called off their indefinite strike following a meeting with the union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee. The trade is banking on his verbal assurance to roll back the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12904944", "title": "Justice Dalveer wins coveted ICJ seat", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's nominee to the International Court of Justice (ICJ), Justice Dalveer Bhandari, won handsomely on Friday, with 122 votes in the UN General Assembly, defeating his nearest rival, Filipino Justice Feliciano C Florentino, by 58 votes.Justice Bhandari will be India's fourth judge to occupy the position. The last judge sent there was Justice R S Pathak between 1989 and 1991. India had lobbied hard for the position with foreign minister S M Krishna pushing for the seat.The first Indian in the ICJ was B N Rau, who was a judge from 1952 to November 30, 1953. India's most significant representative in ICJ came through Nagendra Singh, who was a judge from 1973 to 1988.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12903161", "title": "IRL sole bidder for Rapid Metro phase II", "text": "GURGAON: The technical bid for the second phase of Rapid Metro Rail submitted on Thursday, for the second time, had only IL&FS; Rail Ltd (IRL) as the sole bidder for the project. The firm has already cleared the technical bid and its documents are under consideration by HUDA.In the second phase, the northern extension in Udyog Vihar and the southern extension along Golf Course Road will approximately be of 7km each.This will make the overall length of Phases I and II around 20km, covering major residential and commercial areas of both new and old Gurgaon.The second phase is estimated to cost Rs 4,000 crore compared to the current under-construction Phase I which has cost a little over Rs 1,000 crore.It is estimated that the Golf Course Road stretch would be made functional first, which is expected to be completed within 36 months of signing the agreement. The next step will be the financial bidding, once the company clears all the required documents for the technical bidding round.Confirming this, Sanjiv Rai, MD and CEO of IRL, said that they had applied for the bidding after the state government advertised for it. \"We were the single bidder for these two projects. We submitted our bid on April 26. There was an extension of one month,\" said Rai.IRL has also submitted its qualification bid for Chennai Monorail and is looking at other opportunities in India and abroad. \"We are also conducting a detailed study of the proposed Delhi Monorail as well,\" said Rai.When asked why the project cost has escalated so much, the MD said that the length of Rapid Metro in the second phase is longer and will be double-tracked with bigger stations. All this will add up to the project, said Rai.Talking about the current phase of Rapid Metro, Rai said that the commercial operations are scheduled to start by March 2013 with the civil construction work going on in full swing - tracks are already being laid and station buildings are under construction.Also, the trains are in the final assembly line at the factory and are expected to arrive by July.The company plans to begin trial runs in October as it needs to be checked and tested by the Commission of Railway Safety and the operations will start by March next year.The company is making additional arrangements to have sufficient power backup for the first phase by adding substations which are under construction for reliable power supply. \"There will be two dedicated sources of power - one in Sector 28 behind Bristol Hotel and the other at Q Block so that uninterrupted power can be provided,\" said Rai.Initially, five trains, each of three cars, will be put into service at an interval of four minutes. Each train will have a passenger carrying capacity of 800. There will be a common ticketing system with Delhi Metro.Rai said that talks are also on with corporate houses in Gurgaon as a majority of passengers availing themselves of the Rapid Metro service will be more from those companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892227", "title": "Bipasha Basu to play seductress in Shaukeen remake", "text": "Cashing in on the new trend of powerful women characters in films, two leading ladies from two different genres and vastly different bodies of work, have been signed on to play two special roles in two different projects.While Madhuri Dixit will be seen as the leader of a gang - a Godmother prototype in Gulab Gang, Bipasha Basu will be seen as the charming seductress in Rohit Roy's remake of Basu Chatterjee's 1982 blockbuster Shaukeen.Gulab Gang, conceptualized by Soumik Sen and Anubhav Sinha had been in the offing for a while now. The story about a gang of women fighting social injustice in the heartland of India, will mark the directorial debut of Sen. Inspired by real life, this film will be released on March 8, International Women's Day next year.When contacted, producer Anubhav Sinha confirmed, \"Yes, we have signed Madhuri for the film. She will play the protagonist Gulab. We want to start shooting by the end of the year. After the release of RA.One, I was visiting Benaras to finalise the script fro my next film, when Soumik came up with this idea. And I immediately gave it a go ahead.\" Mirror has learnt that director Sen is now looking at actors like Mahie Gill and Shilpa Shukla to complete his gang of women in the film. The film will be made under the banner Benaras Media Works. On the Shaukeen remake front, director Rohit had already finalised Rishi Kapoor , Naseeruddin Shah and Boman Irani to play the aging Lotharios portrayed by Ashok Kumar , Utpal Dutt and AK Hangal in the original. And now, to reprise the role of their object of affection, he has chosen Bipasha Basu. Talking to Mirror, Rohit explained that his film is not exactly a replica of the 1982 blockbuster. \"It has been thirty years since the release of Shaukeen. We had to change tweak the story accordingly. The three sixty-year-old men in my film won't be lusting for a girl as it was in the original,\" revealed the filmmaker. \"My film is more like a Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara meets 1982 Shaukeen. These three men have always gone out for trips, once every five years. This is their last,\" he added.-With inputs from Amrapali Sharma", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12912574", "title": "Carmel students win quiz contest", "text": "PATNA: Carmel High School of the city won the Inter-School quiz competition organized by Carmel Alumni Association on Saturday. The International School (ICSE) was the runner-up. The competition registered the presence of 18 students of nine schools.In the preliminary round, a written contest was conducted to shortlist four teams out of nine teams. The finalist teams were from Don Bosco School and Gyan Niketan apart from Carmel High School and International School (ICSE).\"The quiz, which was conducted in 11 rounds, was essentially Bihar centric. The participants, who were students of class 10 and below, were quizzed about history, geography, music, art and craft of Bihar,\" said Shailaja Sinha, the member of alumni association.Preetpal Singh and Pawan of International School (ICSE) lost just by a whisker to Kalandi and Sikta of Carmel High School. \"It was neck and neck competition between the winners and the runner-up. The final round of the quiz ended in a tie. Then a tiebreaker round was conducted to select the winners,\" said Sinha.Kalandi and Sikta were beaming on their achievement. \"We are extremely happy and excited that we have won in front of the crowd which largely comprised our schoolmates,\" they said.\"The competition was in the series of annual events organized by the alumni association. This year the event commemorates the centenary year of the statehood of Bihar,\" said Sinha, adding, \"Our aim behind conducting such annual events is to promote overall personality development of students. We believe that academics comprise of not only classes and books but extra-curricular skills too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12904049", "title": "Top priority to Karipur airport development: Director general of civil aviation chief", "text": "KOZHIKODE: E K Bharat Bhushan, the director general of civil aviation (DGCA), said here on Friday that the ministry of civil aviation would accord top priority to the development of Karipur International Airport. He said the development plans of the airport would be realized once the land acquisition process was completed.He was speaking at a function organized in connection with the launch of SpiceJet's direct flights from Karipur to four south Indian cities. He also said the land acquisition process had received a boost after a recent meeting convened by the chief minister decided to speed up the process.\"The state government is in the process of revising the guidelines for acquiring land to overcome opposition from locals,\" he said. He said Karipur airport was one of the most profitable airports for the Airport Authority of India (AAI), and that steps for enhancing safety and passenger facilities at the airport would be given top priority. A new arrival hall costing Rs 90 crore would be constructed here. It'll have a built up area of 17,000 sq m. The airport's Air Traffic Control tower will be modernized. The DGCA also said the state had promised to build a new perimeter road connecting the airport to NH-17.The Karipur airport will soon get an Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B) air surveillance system for better tracking of aircraft.Bharat Bhushan also said India was the only country in the world where fuel costs accounted for 45 per cent of the operating costs of an airline.Except for one airline company, the rest are in a financially precarious situation. \"We know the situation of Air India and also of private airline companies,\" he said.They were, however, monitoring airline fares on a regular basis. The companies have been asked to submit their schedules and their highest price band.The Malabar Chamber of Commerce submitted a memorandum to the DGCA calling for immediate steps to develop new passenger facilities at the airport. Their demands include an international arrival block, expansion of the apron, installation of new precision landing instruments and radar, and improving the night landing facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903540", "title": "109 acquitted in 2002 Umta riots case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A trial court in Visnagar town of north Gujarat acquitted 109 persons on Friday in a post-Godhra riots case, where two Muslims were killed on March 1 in Umta village.After a seven-year long trial, additional sessions judge K B Magnani let off all persons accused in the case by giving them the benefit of doubt. In all, 120 persons were arrested in this case, and 11 of them died during the pendency of the trial.In Umta village, retired teacher Mohammed Shaikh and one Abdul Mansuri were killed by a mob of over 1,500 people. Police lodged a complaint of rioting, arson and unlawful assembly against unidentified persons on the day of incident. Murder and destruction of evidence charges were added only after survivors complained about this.During investigation, the bodies could not be recovered, but blood stains and a piece of bone were found from the scene. These were sent for DNA analysis to the forensic science laboratory. The test proved that the samples were that of the retired teacher.During the trial, all the 74 witnesses turned hostile and admitted before the court that they had settled the issue with Hindu villagers. Some of the police witnesses were also declared hostile in the case.Only three relatives of the retired teacher stuck to their earlier version given to police in 2002 and identified the accused persons in courtroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12905893", "title": "No headway in Jaipur Municipal Corporation\u2019s Talkatora scheme", "text": "JAIPUR: The ambitious project of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) to revive Talkatora and introduce boating in the pond has few takers in the state administration . The project, which was announced two years back, is still unplanned and officials from the public health and engineering department have raised concerns over the project .In its attempt to beautify Talkatora, JMC has floated a proposal to fill the pond with treated sewage water . \"We prepared the draft for the project two years back . But no efforts have been made to work on it. We need to sort out many issues before inviting tenders for it,\" said a senior JMC official .The mayor, who convened the meeting on April 24, where the decision to reopen the project was taken, is optimistic about the beautification of the pond . \"We will soon appoint a consultant and start the project . I cannot put a deadline to it but will ensure that Talkatora get its old beautiful look,\" said Jyoti Khandelwal .The JMC plans to set-up a mini sewage treatment plant at ponderik park and lay a new pipeline to bring treated water to Talkatora . They also plan to dig a borewell for this purpose.The project will be initiated through public private partnership . But the JMC has so far failed to present a feasibility report .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12903523", "title": "Babajee\u2019s kin called to probe Vora\u2019s role", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai police on Friday summoned a relative of Viveka Babajee, asking the family to share email printouts and photographs exchanged between Viveka and stock broker Gautam Vora to find out the cause behind the supermodel's suicide nearly two years ago.The case was reopened after Vora, who was linked to Viveka, was arrested for helping Vijay Palande, while he was on the run from the police. \"Apart from printout of romantic email exchanges between Gautam and Viveka, some personal photographs sent by Gautam to her, too, have been taken by the police,\" a family insider said.Though police refused to divulge any details about it, a spokesman of the family said \"police have taken charge of Viveka's email and Facebook accounts. Viveka's family wants the truth to prevail. They have full faith in Mumbai police\".Viveka's family is upset over reports in a section of media that Vora claimed that he didn't want to marry Viveka as she was older than him and an alcoholic. \"It's almost two years since Viveka's demise. Just because the girl is no longer alive, does that give people the right to say anything now,\" asked Dale Bhagwagar, spokesman for Viveka's family.Viveka had committed suicide in her Bandra(W) flat and left a note that said: \"U killed me Gautam Vora.\" But after months of probe, the police gave a clean chit to Vora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12903479", "title": "Tests show Chennai water full of toxins, germs", "text": "CHENNAI: Tap water in most parts of the city is full of disease-causing germs, toxic sediments and human and animal faeces. In places like Tondiarpet, Basin Bridge, Nungambakkam and Pulianthope, the water is so contaminated that drinking it straight from the tap could be lethal. Replying to an RTI petition, the Corporation of Chennai said it had conducted repeat tests on water samples in 2010-2011.It found that Metrowater was supplying in every locality, barring Saidapet, drinking water that contained diarrhoea-causing bacteria and various toxins. Tondiarpet failed the corporation's potability tests 47 times in 2010-11. While residents of Tondiarpet are most at risk of contracting diseases, people in Nungambakkam also face the peril of getting sick, with the locality receiving the most contaminated water in central Chennai. South Chennai neighbourhoods get relatively less polluted water.Yet, in areas such as Adyar, the water is contaminated, corporation officials said. The corporation has listed areas where the water is most contaminated although it did not specify the pollutants. But a senior health department official said the water contained bacteria like E. coli and coliform, passed on from human and animal faeces. Broken pipes, leaking sewer lines and inadequate maintenance of old pipe networks are the primary causes of contamination. \"We will soon start regular monitoring of the quality of drinking water,\" corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said.Water supplied to houses across Chennai looks dirty, smells funny and could prove fatal. An RTI reply from Corporation of Chennai said tests since 2007 on nearly 440 samples from Metrowater pipes showed that the water was \"unfit to drink\". The water samples were taken from localities like Tondiarpet, Pulianthope, Basin Bridge, Ayanavaram, Nungambakkam, Kilpauk, Kodambakkam, Ice House, Saidapet and Adyar. As many as 255 samples from north Chennai were found to be unfit for consumption.All 10 samples tested this year till February had the bacteria Escherichia coli or E coli, which causes a host of diseases including diarrhoea, urinary tract infection, cholecystitis, bacteremia and cholangitis. The water samples also contained coliform bacteria, which is transferred through faecal matter. Corporation officials said leaky pipelines, overflowing sewage, open defecation and corroded pipelines have led to severe water contamination in the city. The average age of underground pipes is 50 years. Rust has gnawed holes in the pipes that snake through the city's filthy underbelly. Sewage and muck seep into the pipes and the disgusting, and deadly cocktail, is delivered to houses in the city. R Valarmathi, a homemaker residing at Pulianthope, said the water she gets at home often stinks. She stores boiled water, but her two children hate how it tastes. \"I'm scared when I see them drinking water straight from the tap.\" Packaged water provides some people with a relatively safe option to tap water.But there are many like Valarmathi who rely on tap water for drinking and to cook. The corporation-run Communicable Diseases Hospital in Tondiarpet records a regular flow of patients with diarrhoea from Pattalam, Korukkupet, Washermenpet, Vyasarpadi and Royapuram. The water pipelines here are several decades old. \"We have a permanent alert for contaminated water,\" said corporation health officer P Kuganantham. Worryingly, the corporation conducts tests only when it receives complaints from the public and the data does not appear to be used to rectify the problem. While the corporation maintains that its reports are forwarded to Metrowater, officials of Metrowater say the corporation has never reported any reports to them. The corporation has been testing fewer samples since its public analyst retired last October. It now sends samples to King Institute of Preventive Medicine, which charges Rs 1,500 per test.Plans to overhaul Murky Metro Water old, rusted lines", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12905058", "title": "Viveka\u2019s kin called to probe Vora role", "text": "MUMBAI: Khar police have summoned a relative of Viveka Babajee, asking the family to share email printouts and photographs exchanged between Viveka and stock broker Gautam Vora to find out the cause behind the supermodel's suicide nearly two years ago. The case was reopened after Vora, who was linked to Viveka, was arrested for helping Vijay Palande, while he was on the run from the police.\"Apart from printout of romantic email exchanges between Gautam and Viveka, some personal photographs sent by Gautam to her, too, have been taken by the police,\" a n insider said.Though Khar police refused to divulge any details about it, a family spokesman said the \"police h ave t a ke n charge of Viveka's email and Facebook accounts. Viveka's family wants the truth to prevail. They have full faith in police\".Meanwhile, Viveka's family is upset over reports in a section of media that Vora claimed that he didn't want to marry Viveka as she was older than him and an alcoholic. \"It's almost two years since Viveka's demise. Just because the girl is no longer alive, does that give people the right to say anything now,\" asked Dale Bhagwagar, spokesman for Viveka's family.Viveka had left a suicide note in her diary that said: \"U killed me Gautam Vora.\" But police had given clean chit to Vora.Vora had allegedly told the police that he was just \"good friends\" with Viveka, while Vora's friends had said she was depressed. \"Viveka's family had strongly refuted the depression theory floated after her demise,\" Bhagwagar said. Viveka's family had said that Vora had lied to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902958", "title": "CBSE students to get credits for English skills", "text": "NEW DELHI: English communication skills will now be a part of the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) scheme from the academic session 2012-13. Central Board of Secondary Education has decided to introduce formal testing of speaking and listening skills in the form of formative assessment (FA) in English at secondary and senior secondary levels.Students will get credits for these skills and these credits will be included in the final grades. The board will start assessing these skills from class IX this year.Aimed at improving communication skills among students, the Board is planning to integrate all language skills into the English language curriculum at schools. \"Communication has become an important tool for success these days and it should be inculcated at school level. Therefore, the Board has decided to introduce, initially as a pilot run, testing of speaking and listening skills,\" said CBSE chairman, Vineet Joshi.Currently, CBSE is developing a cohort of oral examiners to be involved in testing of speaking and listening skills in English. The Board has asked schools to identify and forward the names of teachers who could be trained to conduct the test.\"These are like practical tests. The teachers will identify the weaknesses of students in their listening and speaking skills during the test, like whether the students are able to grasp what they are listening to and whether they are able to communicate an idea properly in English. Many students write well but falter while speaking on the same subject. As part of the formative assessment, the students will get credits and these will be accounted in the final grades,\" said Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903349", "title": "Flyer jittery after twin fires in airport", "text": "KOLKATA: Barely 48 hours have passed after 12 flights hovered over Kolkata airport for about 35 minutes as both its runways were closed due to large craters, panic gripped the airport again on Friday following two incidents of fire, one on the primary runway and the other in an AC bus.The first fire was noticed around 10.17am at the northern end of the primary runway. This forced two flights, that were about to land on the primary runway then, to set down at the secondary runway instead.The flights were diverted to the secondary runway as airport officials rushed to the spot and doused the fire by 10.22am using fire extinguishers. The cause of the fire is yet to be found out and a probe is on.In the second incident, the engine of an AC bus of a private airline caught fire. Nobody was, however, injured as the fire was doused within minutes.About 35 passengers of an Indigo flight from Hyderabad, that had just landed, had boarded the bus. As they were about to get off the bus at around 12:30pm, they noticed the fire in its engine. The incident happened near the arrival terminal. Officials believed that a short circuit had triggered the fire.Meanwhile, the directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA) is probing Wednesday's incident to find out why both runways were closed together. Both the primary and secondary runways had developed craters and were closed for about 35 minutes.Large craters were noticed on the primary runway on Tuesday and the secondary runway was also closed on Wednesday after some craters were noticed there too. Airport sources said that the DGCA has asked the authorities and the air traffic control (ATC) to give details about the reasons behind the craters.The airport authorities will be working to repair the primary runway. According to airport sources, the authorities normally conduct maintenance work on the primary runway twice a week - on Wednesdays and Fridays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12914067", "title": "Third batch of BSc nursing begins", "text": "VARANASI: The lamp lighting ceremony of third batch of BSc Nursing students of College of Nursing, Faculty of Medicine, Institute of Medical Sciences, Banaras Hindu University , was held at KN Udupa Auditorium on Saturday. BHU Vice Chancellor, Dr Lalji Singh lighted the lamp from which the new nursing students lighted their lamps and took the Florence Nightingale pledge on the occasion.Later, BHU v-c also distributed academic awards &amp; certificate of merit to the meritorious students. DL Suhasini Agrahari, principal, college of nursing presented the annual report highlighting the performance and achievements of the college. Senior varsity officials including Prof TM Mohaptra, director, IMS, BHU and Prof US Dwivedi, medical superintendent, SSL Hospital were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12904248", "title": "Businessmen may get India, Pak multi-entry visas", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan are considering issuing multiple-entry and non-reporting visas for each other's businessmen provided they are underwritten by the respective industry chambers. The issue will figure in the meeting of home secretaries likely to take place in Islamabad on May 24-25.Under the new regime, there may be a provision to give one-year multiple-entry visas to those businessmen whose credentials are certified by industry chambers on the both sides. The Union Cabinet on Thursday gave its nod for signing the new visa pact which will also allow businessmen to visit five cities instead of three at present.A formal communication accepting the invitation of Pakistan for the home secretary-level dialogue will be sent in a day or two, official sources said. Islamabad has offered to host the meeting anytime between May 23 and 27 and New Delhi is likely to give its consent for May 24-25 talks.The other provisions in the new visa regime include exempting elderly people from police reporting and allowing common people from either country to visit three earmarked cities.The meeting will be held amid renewed engagements between India and Pakistan. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hosted a lunch for Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on April 8 when he was here on a \"private visit\".Earlier, Pakistan had suggested April 16 as the possible date for the home secretary-level talks to be held in Islamabad but the date clashed with the crucial meeting of chief ministers which was hosted by the home ministry.Subsequently, New Delhi sought fresh dates for the meeting after May 23 when the budget session of Parliament comes to an end.This will be the first meeting between home secretary R K Singh and his Pakistani counterpart K Siddique Akbar. Last home secretary-level talks between the two countries had taken place in New Delhi in March last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908401", "title": "Yuvraaj and Kapil to perform in Greece", "text": "After acting in Internationally acclaimed film 'Dunno Y Na Jane Kyun' actors Yuvraaj Parashar and Kapil Sharma are slowly but surely becoming popular International stars.They will be performing live in front of 5000 audience at a film festival in Athens where 'Dunno Y Na Jane Kyun' will also be screened.While Kapil will be shaking leg on hardcore bollywood numbers Yuvraaj Parashar additionally will be doing a kathak concert also.Few know he is a trained Kathak dancer of state level.In past he has performed in front of Sonia Gandhi,Hema Malini etc. Interestingly Kapil and Yuvraaj are first bollywood actors to act in a European music video.Their Norwegian music video 'Captain in the sky with Hungry Hearts' music band has become a rage in Norway .Yuvraaj was also recently in 'Sach ka Samna' where he got great response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903481", "title": "Summit on scope of business in state", "text": "KOLKATA: Xaverians from around the world will congregate at an annual meet 'Beyond Boundaries' to be held in Singapore between May 11 to 13. Taking a step forward this year, St Xavier's College (Calcutta) Alumni Association (SXCCAA) will be organizing a business to business (B2B) meet 'Beautiful Bengal' to feature the advantages and opportunities that a resurgent Bengal can offer.This B2B meet is being organized along with the Singapore Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industries (SICCI) and the Confederation of Indian Industries ( CII).State commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee will lead a delegation of industrialists, bureaucrats and academicians who will highlight the advantages of investing and doing business in Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12904428", "title": "We are not political pawns, say Lingayats", "text": "MYSORE: They may be the kingmakers, but Lingayat seers are not too pleased that mutt functions are being given a political twist. Mutt pontiffs on Friday maintained that every political party was trying to make use of occasions like the Guruvandana (thanksgiving) to derive political mileage.As is bound to happen on Saturday, when AICC president Sonia Gandhi visits Siddaganga mutt in Tumkur. The Congress has already whipped up hype around Sonia's meeting, and hopes to translate it into Lingayat backing when the hour of electoral reckoning dawns.Pontiffs of some mutts contacted by TOI said: \"Lingayats are not pawns of a particular political party or its property. This is the message the Guruvandana programme at the Siddaganga mutt intends to send to all parties.''Implying that Lingayat mutts want to erase the impression that they are loyal to the BJP or former CM B S Yeddyurappa, in particular. At the same time, they justified a delegation of Lingayat mutts seers led by Shivakumara Swamiji meeting Yeddyurappa when he was in judicial custody. \"Political circumstances and the situation forced some of us to extend moral support to BSY. But this doesn't mean we are BJP supporters,'' said a seer.According to Sri Jayamrutunjaya Swamiji of Panchamshali peetha in Kudalasangama: \"The Siddaganga seer meets and blesses anybody who comes to him. There is no need to attach any political significance to the meeting,'' he added. The Congress, though, sees the occasion of Sonia sharing the dais with mutt seer Sri Shivakumara Swamiji as crucial to the party's fortunes.Seeking to play down the buzz generated on Sonia's visit, Sri Chandrashekar Swamiji of Hosmutt in Hubli asked: \" It is an occasion to celebrate the birthday of the Siddaganga seer and it is out of respect to him that she is attending.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12905705", "title": "MLA violated land laws in running a dairy: BJP leader", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Armed with documentary evidence, BJP's Kangra district president Ranjit Singh levelled serious allegations against a party associate member and Nurpur MLA Rakesh Pathania of violating laws and pilfering tax.Presenting the documentary proof before mediapersons on Friday, the district president referred to a letter of the revenue department, saying Pathania had violated the land laws to run a dairy at Jasoor in Kangra district. \"I have dug out information through RTI, which revealed that Pathania has violated Section 118 of the HP Tenancy and Land Reforms Act in running the dairy. He did not take permission from the department for making non-agriculture use of the land,\" he said.Brandishing the RTI papers, he said the MLA took a loan of Rs 1.06 crore from Punjab National Bank , which was later taken over by the State Bank of India and the amount was increased to Rs 1.65 crore. \"We are demanding an inquiry how that loan was repaid in just five to six months while almost all property of the MLA and his in-laws had been attached for this loan,\" he added.He said the MLA had paid Rs 60 lakh in one month. \"I have taken information from the income tax department, which has denied that he was a tax payer. I will take up this matter with the higher authorities and have written to some senior officials about this,\" he said.When asked whether his move was triggered by the ongoing controversy over the demand for Nurpur district, he refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12914380", "title": "A pond offering salvation to souls awaits life", "text": "VARANASI: Covered in 'jalkumbhi' (watercress, an Indian herbal plant that grow in stagnant water), one may have to look really hard in the Pitar Kund for a glimpse of water. While the kund is significant for organising the last rite functions besides being mythologically known to provide salvation to souls of forefathers (pitar), a visit to the historical kund is enough to indicate the poor condition of the kund, which is waiting for its own salvation and resurrection.The gravity of the situation could be understood with the fact that despite the kund being included in the mega project of the tourism department for resurrection of 10 prominent kund of the city, which was launched three years ago, signs of any improvement were hardly visible when TOI visited the kund. Not only was the boundary wall had collapsed from two sides, the kund had also turned into a dumping ground of wastes. A series of plastic and polybags were found entwining with green leaves of watercress and the remains of the last rite functions, including earthen pots and hair, were also dumped in the kund.Even the entrance to the mythological kund was shockingly unhygienic with heap of wastes and garbage found to be accumulated along the stairs that constitute part of the only concrete ghat at the kund. Foul smell was also emanating from the corner of the collapsed boundary wall where open toilets were made for devotees coming to the area for performing last rite functions. To make the matters worse, the three towering poles erected for lighting the kund as a part of the project had already become defunct, leaving the place into darkness after sunset.\"A deep boring has been done near the temple premises of Mukteshwar Mahadev and devotees use water from the tap connected with pipe for bathing and other rituals associated with last rite function. The water of the kund has now turned symbolic and it is only the devotion and faith in the mythological kund that drives the devotees to this place. The boundary wall had collapsed in the past monsoon season. There are no signs of maintenance. Even the iron railings and cemented structures erected along the temple premises has been done with the help of local support,\" said Mahadev Sharma, a senior resident and volunteer.According to Dinesh Kumar, regional tourism officer, the kund had witnessed resurrection during the launch of the project. Besides coming up with a boundary wall to protect it from infiltration and encroachment, lighting arrangements were also made. The CPWD, the executing agency, had handed over the maintenance work to the Varanasi Nagar Nigam after completing the construction work.Meanwhile, reports from the VNN office indicate that it has also come up with its own lighting arrangements to brighten the place. As per UN Tripathi, executive engineer, besides sodium vapour lamps, the gullies leading to the kund were also constructed. However, while the high tower lighting system had failed, the VNN lights were found to be illuminating even in the day time.\"We could only witness the illumination of towering lights for a fortnight after their erection. The lights were fused and no attempts were made to replace them in the past two years. Even the only concrete ghat in the kund is now not fit for bathing and there is a demarcation along the temple premises separating the bathing place for male and female devotees,\" said Rajendra Yadav, another resident of the kund. Now, the kund is desperately striving for resurrection and local support along with involvement of local administration could only change the fate, added the man who also spearheaded a cleanliness drive to get rid of watercress six months back, which turned out to be a futile exercise.Significance of Pitar KundThe kund named after pitars (forefathers) is believed to be in existence before the origin of the Ganga in the millennia-old city. The kund along with Pishachmochan and Matri Kund fall in the Tripuranteshwar khand of Kashi, the permanent abode of Lord Shiva. As per Hindu religion, the kund is known for providing salvation (moksha) to the soul of forefathers. The kund along with Pishachmochan is known for witnessing the last rite rituals that continue for 10 days. It is also believed that people moving for Pind Daan to Gaya ( Bihar ), the sacred place for last rite function are required to take holy dip in the kund before proceeding for their journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12914111", "title": "Dima Halam Daoga threat to stop all national projects in Dima Hasao", "text": "SILCHAR: The Dima Halam Daoga (DHD), which is under ceasefire, has threatened to stop all ongoing work of national projects in Dima Hasao district.The outfit, led by its chairman Dilip Nunisa, has called for a work halt of all projects for 36 hours from 5 am on May 8 to 5 pm on May 9 in protest against the government's \"delaying tactics\" to initiate peace talks with the outfit.\"Initially, the DHD will move against all national projects going on in \"Dimaland territory\" (Dima Hasao) to stop all construction and other administrative activities of Silchar-Saurastra East-West Corridor project under National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), Lumding-Silchar broad gauge conversion under Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) and all activities of ONGC and Neepco. Therefore, the DHD has appealed to authorities of NHAI, NFR, ONGC and Neepco to stop all activities for 36 hours in Dima Hasao region on May 8 and 9,\" said DHD chief public relations officer Mondol Chandra Langthasa on Saturday.Talking to TOI from Haflong, the DHD functionary said the outfit signed a ceasefire agreement with the Centre nine years ago and started the peace process. DHD believes that it's up to the government to settle the Dimaraji (separate Dimasa state) issue and other socio-economic problems of the region in a time-bound manner, which will be acceptable to the Dimasas and the people of the region.\"Since the initiation of tripartite talks between DHD, Centre and the state government, the government has always adopted a lackadaisical approach which is never acceptable by us and the people in the district. In the past nine years of peace process, the governments have never shown their sincerity on the core issues of Dimasas and the people of the district. We are under pressure from the people to come out from the designated camps and rethink to pull out of peaces talks. We may be compelled to think about rejecting the proposals offered by the governments unless they ensure us an agreed formula,\" said Langthasa in a statement.The DHD leader said they will agitate in a democratic manner to get the peace process accelerated and find the issue of Dimaraji settled without further delay. \"A stop to all work on national projects for 36 hours is only in the first phase. If the governments fail to respond to our demands, we will completely stop work of all national projects in the region,\" threatened the DHD leader.The DHD entered into a ceasefire agreement with the Centre on January 1, 2003. The outfit has been extending the ceasefire agreement every year with a hope to settle its core issue of Dimaraji. The cadres of the outfit have been living in designated camps. Many of them have also taken up agro-based work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12903950", "title": "District panchayat to launch mass contact programme", "text": "KOCHI: Ernakulam district panchayat is set to launch a mass contact programme to collect public opinion in framing and implementing various projects. The programme will be launched in the second week of May.District panchayat president Eldhose Kunnappilly said the programme was being launched following the success of the mass contact programme launched by the chief minister. \"Without the involvement of the public, development works cannot be carried out in an area. Our aim is to include public opinion before we make a final draft of the development activities to be carried out in each panchayat,\" he said.During the mass contact programme that will be conducted in all grama panchayats, the panchayat members will interact with the public on various issues.The members, along with the respective panchayat presidents and other important people of the village, will conduct various field studies and development seminars. Kunnappilly said development projects for the next five years would be planned once the programme was conducted. \"The programme will mainly focus on finding a solution to various civic issues including drinking water, electricity and roads,\" he said.\"After interacting with local people in each grama panchayat, the members of the district panchayat will discuss the issues at a high-level meeting. Once the final draft of the projects is prepared, the draft will be submitted for approval from the district planning board,'' the district panchayat president said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12914316", "title": "City event to highlight importance of frogs", "text": "GUWAHATI: Help Earth, a city-based NGO, led an initiative to commemorate the Save the Frogs Day on Saturday here. The organization, working for the conservation of nature and its resources, held a special programme to observe the day to spread awareness among young students, especially batrachophobics (people with acute fear of frogs and amphibians), to highlight the ecological importance of the species in the environment.Frogs, with their webbed limbs, protruding eyes, bifid tongue and odd colours, are deemed unpleasant. Because of their weird appearance, they do not fit well within the comfort zone of our usual perception. Except for Kermit, the common anura is deemed ugly, inauspicious and even poisonous. Through Save the Frog's Day, the organization made an attempt to create an environment in which the ecological importance, like the threat faced by the amphibians and frogs being natural pest control, should be highlighted.The initiative was led by Jayaditya Purkayastha, the general secretary of the organization, who is also credited for discovering a new species of frog along with Masafumi Matusi, a Japanese scientist, in Meghalaya. Purkayastha said, \"Frogs are ecological indicators and this needs to be addressed properly. Besides, their environment is being threatened by illegal dumping of waste on wetlands and unregulated construction of buildings. It is also important to make people change their outlook towards frogs and the government should take an initiative to conserve their breeding ground.\"With around 6800 species worldwide, frogs are quite common in the NE region. It has been estimated that there are more than 20 different species of them in the region and urban Guwahati alone houses 17 species of amphibians. Sabitry C Bordoloi of Institute of Advanced Study in Science and Technology said, \"They are very interesting creatures and a proper approach is required. They may change to hermaphrodite because of some chemical changes and they have the capacity to change their gastric juice during parenting. They also help in curbing malaria and protecting agricultural products.\"On the recent UGC diktat barring the usage of live frogs for dissection, Purkayastha said, \"It is unethical and it dwindles the population of frogs. It is also important that students should study more on amphibians and even if one out of 100 PhD students pursue their research on amphibians, it could be very helpful. Actually, it is only when it rains that frogs croak and not the other way around.\"\"Through this programme, I have gained much information. They have made it very interesting and such a common platform is important in disseminating information about frogs,\" said a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12902921", "title": "School issued notice for teaching 'bomb'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Joint director of education Vikas Srivastava on Friday visited a private English medium school, St March School which was reportedly using the nursery books where Hindi letters were used to define bomb and to depict chaku (knife). The book also has pictures of inverted national flag.\"A showcause notice has been issued to the school. According to the National Curriculum Framework, nursery books should be children-friendly, and should talk about national integration. It should have a positive approach,\" said Srivastava.To recall, the glaring anomalies were found in a Hindi alphabet book, Alok Shabd, published by Prism House Publication. The books, as reported are being used under the state-run English schools and CBSE schools. However, on Friday, CBSE coordinator, Lucknow, Jawaid Alam Khan, said, \"No such school affiliated to CBSE board is using the book. We have cross checked the list of schools in the city and have not come across any such thing. It is absolutely unacceptable and such words should never be used,\" said Khan. Interestingly, higher officials in the basic education department acted smart scurrying for cover. When TOI asked basic education minister Ram Govind Chaudhary whether an inquiry has been set up, he said, \"I am out of the town and will follow it when I come back.\" Basic education director DC Kanuajia said, \"I have nothing to do with it. The answer should be sought from Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad.\" Many other education officials were clueless of the development and were casual about the anomalies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908395", "title": "John Abraham meets his look-alike - a chaiwalla", "text": "John Abraham has a doppelganger. And the actor had a face off with his look-alike on the sets of the TV show Isi Ka Naam Zindagi.Prakash, the tea guy of Jai-Hind College where John used to study made a surprise appearance. Even after years, it's still fresh in John Abraham's mind that Prakash used to serve him tea even if he was broke and couldn't pay for it. Such was Prakash's affection for John that the tea he used to serve till this date is called John-tea and infact he was famously nicknamed John.A lot of visitors turn up at the canteen asking for John-Tea to be served by John, the tea guy. Prakash is a huge fan of John and never misses a single film of his.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12904110", "title": "Relocated schools can't use old place for business in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Schools that shift to integrated school complexes will not be able to utilize their old premises for commercial purposes.The premises may be used for philanthropic activities \"but in no case will be put to commercial use whereby the main object of traffic decongestion is lost,\" the integrated educational complex scheme, revised by directorate of education (DoE), states.\"As most of the institutions are running from rented premises and they get rent under the grant-in-aid scheme of government of Goa, this will automatically cease to operate and the property shall go back to the original owners,\" the scheme reads. In case of government owned premises, the building presently used by the school will be reverted to the government department to which it belongs. If the premises is owned by the institution, then it cannot be exploited for commercial purposes, states the scheme.The state government plans to set up integrated educational complexes at Bambolim, Mapusa and Margao. The scheme has kicked off with setting up of the complex at Bambolim, where six Panaji-based schools will be shifted in an effort to decongest the city while also doing away with the space restrictions city schools face. Auditorium, playground and other facilities will be provided to the schools, which they cannot accommodate presently due to restricted land area available to it.An area of 10,000 sq m has been allotted on lease to six schools at Cujira. The schools which have been allotted land are Mushtifund Saunstha, Dr K B Hedgewar High School, Rosary Education Society, Vasantrao Dempo Higher Secondary School of Arts &amp; Science, Voicuntrao Dempo Higher Secondary School of Commerce and Anjuman Nurul Islam High School.The land has been leased to the schools at Re one per sq m for a period of 33 years and would be renewed as per government guidelines for another 60 odd years.The six schools that have already opted to shift to the complex also cannot carry out any parallel educational activities such as operating classes in the premises occupied by them at present after the school shifts to the integrated complex. Around 20% of the existing strength can function from the current premises of the school that too with DoE permission.The order issued by the director of education Anil Powar states that the school managements have agreed to the terms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12903710", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation loses Rs 32 crore as hoarding tax", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has been losing Rs 32 crore as hoarding tax every year since revising the rate in 2007. The advertising agencies have stopped paying the tax since then, said PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal on Friday.Pal served notices on the advertising agencies last year to pay the dues. When they did not respond, he launched a drive to remove all such hoardings but the agencies moved the Patna high court and got a stay order on January 5, 2012.According to Pal, there are 48 identified advertising agencies who are supposed to pay tax for putting up hoardings in the city. Total 109.218 sq km area falls under the PMC jurisdiction. But none of the advertising agencies has been paying tax to the PMC since 2007, he added.Each advertising agency is supposed to take prior permission from the PMC to put up hoardings and pay Rs 1 for each square foot every year. \"None of the advertisers contact PMC for that. The PMC has not allotted space to agencies in many cases but we can't take action,\" said a PMC official.Meanwhile, keeping in view the arrangements being made for Buddha Purnima to be celebrated on May 6, the Patna divisional commissioner, KP Ramaiyya, has directed the PMC to get the hoardings removed from the Buddha Memorial Park area. But, ironically, the PMC can't help because of the high court stay order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12905278", "title": "Seminar assesses globalization impact on tribal areas", "text": "BHOPAL: A two-day national seminar on 'Globalization National Development and Tribal Identity' began at Barkatullah University on Friday. The seminar is being organised by the university in association with Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya.Prof S N Chaudhary of Barktullah University, in his welcome address, said the objective of the seminar is aimed at finding out causes, process, functioning and consequences of globalization on tribes and tribal areas. \"The seminar also suggests ways and means to harmonize and humanize the globalization process in the specific interest of tribals and their ecological and environmental space,\" Chaudhary said.Chief guest of the inaugural day, anthropologist Prof. Felix Padel threw light on diversity and culture of India. He said, \"The developed nations are way ahead and developed in comparison to tribal values and their culture.\" On this occasion, a book 'In search of Sustainable Development Tribal Education, Tribal Health and Nutrition' was also released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12904566", "title": "Hot topic: 4\u00b0C rise in temperature by 2020 in Rajasthan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mean temperature in India rose by 0.2 degree Celsius every decade between 1971-2007 with minimum temperatures rising more than maximum temperatures, which increased 1.02 degree Celsius in 100 years. While the trends show evidence of warming, there is, however, no conclusive proof that these are linked to human-induced climate change.The most alarming findings in the report are the predictions it makes based on scenarios that greenhouse gas emissions would continue to rise unchecked over the coming decades. Projections show that total monsoon rainfall could rise between 9-16% by the end of 21st century. By that time, annual mean temperatures could rise by 3.5-4.3 degree Celsius with 1.7-2 degree rise taking place as early as 2030s.The report says the number of rainy days could decrease but rain could become more intense - thereby causing more damage - almost all across the country. Both the minimum and maximum temperatures recorded in a day will rise, according to the findings. Areas in Rajasthan and Kutch could see more than a 4-degree rise in maximum temperatures by as early as 2020s. A similar rise could take place in more than half the country by 2080.Night temperatures are projected to rise by 4.5 degrees across a large part of the country by 2050 and the jump could spread to almost the entire country by 2080 Separate studies have been conducted to measure the impact of increasing GHG gases on water availability in river basins and on agricultural productivity. The government assessment notes, \"Water scarcity levels will be crossed in Cauvery, Mahi, Sabarmati and west-flowing rivers of Kuch, Sau and Luni, while Ganga, Tapi and Narmada basins will hit water stress limits.\"The report says, \"Ganga downstream, Brahmaputra and Surma-Imphal show high vulnerability to climate change in the northern and eastern basins.\" Ganga upstream and Mahanadi will also become vulnerable by 2070, it says. The impacts of unchecked emissions on agriculture are also worrisome. The worst hit could be one of the two major grain crops - wheat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902831", "title": "Truck rams auto, kills two women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two elderly women were killed after a speeding truck rammed into their auto on Deshbandhu Gupta Road in central Delhi on Friday. The victims in their early 50s have been identified as Saroj Wadhawan and Daya Harzai, residents of Shalimar Bagh in north Delhi. Auto driver Bhikhari Shah and another occupant, Nirmal Bedi, were injured.Police have arrested the truck driver from the spot. Jamshed, a resident of Alwar, has been charged with rash driving and causing death due to negligence.The three people hired the auto to go to the Jhandewalan temple early in the morning. On their way back, as the auto got on to Faiz Road, the truck failed to apply brakes in time and rammed into the autorickshaw from behind, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12904193", "title": "Dead trees pose danger to motorists at Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: Thirty dead acacia trees, standing along the National Highway 17 from hotel Green Park in Guirim to the Karaswada junction in Mapusa, are posing a danger to the road users as it is feared that the trees could be blown down by strong winds during the monsoon.Although a month back an inspection was conducted by Bardez deputy collector, who observed that the trees posed a danger and needed to be chopped off, they are yet to be cut. The trees are now expected to be cut on Monday by the fire department.The deputy collector Jayant Tari had ordered that the Mapusa fire station, with help from the Mapusa municipal workers, should chop the trees within 15 days.\"Presence of dead trees on a busy road like this could be more dangerous during rainy season, they can just be uprooted and fall on the road any time,\" said a commuter Tulshidas Parab.According to the Mapusa fire station incharge Dattaram Redkar, the work is pending as the municipality was yet to provide enough workers to do the job. The Mapusa municipal council chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar, however, said that he had made provision for six labourers to do the work.\"We are busy with pre-monsoon work and the fire department is asking for labourers. Besides, we are facing hardships in getting the labourers due to low wages offered by the government. Still we will make arrangements to provide them with labourers,\" chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar said.Redkar also said that the traffic police are required when trees are being cut to regulate the traffic as it is the national highway. \"We have contacted the municipality and the traffic police and will begin with the work possibly by Monday,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12902448", "title": "'Japan, India can restore peace, stability in Asia-Pacific region'", "text": "On the eve of the biggest bilateral talks covering economy, security and nuclear energy between Japan and India, Japanese foreign minister Koichiro Gemba speaks to Indrani Bagchi about Japan and India working to achieve peace in this region.What are the issues of interest to Japan in the forthcoming strategic dialogue?I am visiting India for the sixth dialogue which has been a regular feature since 2007. I intend to discuss with Mr S M Krishna ways to strengthen bilateral cooperation in political and security fields as well as on issues related to environment and energy security.The recent launch of a missile, claimed to be \"a satellite\", by North Korea is an act of serious provocation damaging the stability of the region. It is a clear violation of UN Security Council resolutions. Japan appreciates the constructive role played by India in negotiating and issuing the Security Council's Presidential Statement. I hope to continue to cooperate with India to prevent further acts of provocation by North Korea.During the recent visit of Mr Thein Sein , President of Myanmar, to Japan, Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda encouraged Myanmar's efforts for further reforms and committed Japan's support to Myanmar which is undergoing a process of democratization and national reconciliation. I look forward to exchanging views with India, which also supports Myanmar's reforms.Japan will be hosting the Tokyo Conference on Afghanistan in July. I want to discuss ways to achieve development in Afghanistan in a sustainable manner with minister Krishna. Since India extends sizeable assistance to Afghanistan, I believe our conversation is indispensable to the success of this conference.What do you see as the economic convergences between Japan and India?As the third largest economy in Asia and a high-growth economy, India is a very important trade and investment partner for Japan. However, the current level of trade and investment between Japan and India is still very limited.In August, 2011, the Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement between Japan and India (CEPA) came into force. The number of Japanese companies in India has been growing every year. Thus, on the 60th anniversary of the establishment of Japan-India diplomatic relations, we are holding the first Japan-India Ministerial-level Economic Dialogue. This has special importance for the future of our economic relationship. We will talk about the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), Infrastructure Development in South India and cooperation on rare earths. We want to make good progress on these issues before the next annual summit.How does India and Japan cooperate in the area of maritime security?Japan shares a number of strategic interests with India, which is situated almost midway on the sea lane of communications connecting West Asia and Japan. Therefore, India is an extremely important partner. Various frameworks for bilateral dialogues exist, such as Vice-Minister/Secretary level \"2+2\" Dialogue and Comprehensive Security Dialogue. We also started a unique trilateral consultation among Japan, India and the US last year, where the three countries exchange views on various regional and global issues as well as on security cooperation.Japan and India work together in maritime security, including anti-piracy operations in Asia and off the coast of Somalia . Our Coast Guards conducted joint exercises near Chennai in January. Japan's Maritime Self-Defence Force and the Indian Navy will conduct their first bilateral maritime exercises this year. We plan to work with each other in the emerging areas of cyber security and outer space.When will we see progress on the civil nuclear agreement?At their summit meeting in December, Prime Minister Noda and Prime Minister Singh agreed to advance negotiations on a Japan-India Agreement for Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy. Japan undertakes these negotiations with due regard to nuclear safety and non-proliferation.This is the 60th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Japan and India. Where do you want to see the bilateral relationship in the next decade?Since the start of the diplomatic relations in 1952, Japan and India have maintained excellent friendly relations. In particular, since the establishment of the Japan-India Global Partnership in 2000, our two countries have strengthened cooperation in various fields.While Asia is witnessing remarkable economic growth, our region faces many security challenges. I am convinced that by strengthening \"open and multilayered networks\" we will be able to consolidate peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region. Japan would like to cooperate with India not only by promoting bilateral and trilateral dialogues, but also by collaborating in the regional frameworks such as East Asia Summit and ASEAN Regional Forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12902504", "title": "Supreme Court grants 3-month relief to scrap dealers", "text": "NASHIK: The Supreme Court has given three months time to scrap market dealers at Satpur-Ambad Link Road to clear the location off their encroachments.The controversial scrap market at Satpur-Ambad Link Road had to be cleared by March 31 as per the order of the Bombay High Court, but the government had sent a letter to the civic administration during the last week of March extending the deadline for the dealers to clear out their shops by two months.Meanwhile, the dealers had appealed in the Supreme Court through a writ petition. Last week, the Supreme Court ordered that the scrap dealers remove their shops within three months.Local citizens have been demanding for a long time that the scrap market at the Satpur-Ambad Link Road be removed but the Nashik municipal corporation had been unsuccessful in doing so. An official said that political pressure and minority issues had prevented them from taking any concrete action over the issue.It took a public interest litigation by Shiv Sena's former leader of the house, Dilip Datir, five years back, to initiate action against the encroachers. In July 2011 the Bombay high court pased an order demanding to move the scrap traders within a span of three months, in response to Datir's PIL in light of rising law and order problem in the Chunchale Shivar of the Ambad-Satpur link road.The deadline for doing away with the encroachments was March 31, 2012. Despite this the encroachments were not removed. An official on condition of anonymity said that the government had sent them a letter in the last week of March asking the NMC to extend the period of removing encroachments by two months.Now, after the scrap dealers approached the Supreme Court with their grievance, they have been granted another three months to remove their encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12904561", "title": "382 students to get degrees at PGI Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ghulam Nabi Azad, Union minister of health and family welfare and president of the institute will preside over the 32nd Convocation of PGI on Saturday to be held at 9.30am in Bhargava Auditorium, Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education &amp; Research (PGIMER).The minister will be bestowing degrees on 382 students this year.During this convocation PhD will be awarded to 28 students; DM (medical super-specialties) to 42; MCh (surgical super-specialties) to 39; MD in the medical specialties to 161; MS in the surgical specialties to 57.Students will be awarded Gold, Silver &amp; Bronze Medals for outstanding research and academic excellence. The medals include Kataria Memorial Gold Medal to Dr Kanika Sahni (for 2010) and Dr Venkata Nagarjuna Maturu (for 2011); Major General Amir Chand Gold Medal to Drv Ashvinder Raina (in PhD category, for 2010); V K Saini Gold Medal to Dr Shamim Ahmad; R Nath Gold Medal in the field of biomedical sciences to Drv Ramesh Kandimalla; Aikat Memorial Gold Medal to Arpana Verma; silver medals for research work to Dr Vinayak Mittal and Dr Gaurav Kumar; bronze medals for research work to Dr Indu Sharma.Twenty-seven students of various medical and paramedical courses are going to be awarded silver medal and 28 students will get bronze medal for academic excellence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902654", "title": "Man who promised cheap loans held for cheating", "text": "PUNE: A 47-year-old man from Thane was arrested on Wednesday by the economic offences wing (EOW) of the Pune police for allegedly duping several people from Pune, Mumbai, Thane and Ratnagiri by promising to get loans for them at affordable interest rates.The man, Shantaram Bhikaji Betkar of Diva in Thane district, had allegedly formed a fake welfare society for unemployed people in Pune.Police inspector B D Koli of the EOW told TOI that Betkar would approach people who needed money and say he was chairman of the welfare society. \"He said he had an office in the Swargate area of Pune, but investigations have revealed no actual office,\" Koli said.Betkar would encourage membership to his organisation. \"When enrolling the person as a member, he would take Rs 12,500 as membership fee and Rs 10,000 as a processing fee,\" Koli said. He would demand four per cent interest rate in advance and promise that after paying the interest the loan amount would be deposited in the person's account. \"After taking the money, Betkar would disappear,\" Koli said. \"Betkar would change his Sim card so that no one could trace him. He used a new Sim card for every new customer,\" he added.The police suspect that Betkar duped several people of crores of rupees in this way. Amit Saitwadekar, a jeweller from Ratnagiri, who was duped to the tune of Rs 2.60 lakh, has lodged a complaint against Betkar with the EOW. \"A special team was formed to nab the suspect,\" Koli said. On Wednesday, deputy commissioner of police Sanjay Shinde received a tip-off that Betkar was in a restaurant in the city. \"We laid a trap and nabbed him. He was preparing to dupe four people from Mumbai to the tune of Rs 2 crore by using the same modus,\" Koli said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908199", "title": "How Palande killings have affected Oshiwara\u2019s filmis", "text": "Until the time a certain Simrin Sud got embroiled in the crime of the year, it was an address that the residents were proud of. But the stellar residents of Oberoi Springs on Link Road, Andheri, are being subjected to a curious form of profiling post Karan Kakkad's murder.Members of the film industry fill up most of the flats in the three wings of the complex. And they include veterans, outcasts and even those with no more than a toe-hold in filmdom. Imtiaz Ali, Chitrangda Singh, Vipul Shah , Aneez Bazmi, Sherlyn Chopra , are just some of the names you will find at the foyer leading to the towers. And while they may not exactly be on excellent neighbourly terms, they are now bound by a common refrain - life has become very difficult, they say, for their guests as they are subjected to severe scrutiny by the cops stationed at the gates and the security gaurds. It is embarrassing they complain, for the esteemed guests and family members to be subjected to such grilling even before they can step inside the complex.A filmmaker, who lives in the A-wing said, \"Ever since the case exploded, our society is teeming with cops. Even on Friday afternoon, the cops were at B wing. Till Wednesday, the complex was buzzing with the media people. And now security has been beefed up, causing inconvenience to the visitors.\"Interestingly, the security seems to be especially tight for tenants from the film industry. Choreographer Ahmed Khan, a resident, said, \"Yes, security has been beefed up and rightfully so. But it is more for the tenants than owners.\"Item girl Kashmera Shah welcomed the measures for entirely different reasons. She believes it will help weed out the also-rans and the strugglers from the system. \"Security was always maintained but now it has become better. Every visitor is being issued a pass. It will keep away unwanted strugglers form the complex. It is unfortunate that this happened.\" Shah was quick to point out that she was privileged enough not to be inconvenienced.Director Lovely Singh who stays in the A wing of the complex rued the fact that the environment is grim and tense. \"For now, I am not entertaining visitors at my place. I meet them at a coffee shop across the road.\"A young actor who made his Bollywood debut a couple of years back was far more a cautious in his response. \"I guess they want to minimize the chances of any further crimes in the building. When I have friends coming over I have to inform the main gate in advance. After a few questions they are allowed inside.\" No points for guessing, this actor is a tenant here.Prabhakar Rao, chairman of Oberoi Springs building confirmed that post the incident the management is taking measure to ensure better security. \"Every person entering the premises is first screened, then checked with the residents through intercom, badges are provided to the visitors and if possible a guard also accompanies the guest to the said apartment. Proper records are maintained with the in and out timings. We will also do a thorough background check of people who wish to buy or rent property in this complex.\"Rao says older residents will not be spared either and their backgrounds will also be scrutinized. \"There are 650 flats in this complex, with more than 3,000 people visiting almost daily. It is mammoth task but we are trying out best not to inconvenience people.\"But not everyone is impressed. A filmmaker resident complained, \"Tenants are being subjected to a lot more checks. And it is unfair to label everyone from the film industry as criminals. There are several respectable and senior members of the industry who do not indulge in such activities.\"COPS TO ASK RGV ABOUT GURUJISimrin Sud said on Friday that Kakkad introduced her to a certain 'Guruji', who said he was very close to filmmaker Ram Gopal Verma, and that he would make her a great model. Police believe this man could answer some questions about the relationship Simrin and Kakkad shared. According to Simrin, she had spoken to Guruji on the phone, and they even set a date to meet. She added that he complimented her on her voice and said she had the potential to become a playback singer. When asked about whether he knows someone called Guruji, Ram Gopal Verma laughed off the matter. \"Yeah, he's with me having a drink right now,\" he said. Police also believe that finding Guruji could answer some questions about Kakkad's alleged involvement in the flesh trade. A Delhi-based businessman involved in an alleged rape case in 2010 claimed that Kakkad sold him a girl, as an escort, for Rs 1.8 lakh. - Nazia Sayed OBEROI'S HOTSHOTS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "12911146", "title": "Sonia Gandhi gets saree, shawl as gifts from seer", "text": "TUMKUR: It will be a gift which AICC president Sonia Gandhi will treasure all her life as it was given by the 105 year old seer of Siddaganga mutt Sri Shivakumara Swamiji.In the presence of near two lakh devotees and VIPs, the seer gifted Sonia a silk saree worth Rs one lakh and a shawl estimated to cost Rs 15,000. It did not stop at that. A sandalwood garland, a memento and a bowl of fruits were also given.Sonia was at the mutt for the Guruvandana(thanks giving) of the pontiff who completed 105 years on April 1. She arrived at the mutt at 11.37 am and sought the blessing of the seer in his room. The meeting between the Congress president and the revered seer of the Lingayat mutt lasted for five minutes.The Guuvandana commenced at 11.45 am and lasted till 1.10 pm. In her speech, Sonia said education is not just academic learning and required more depth. It had to do with moral values.When she commenced her speech, a group of women belonging to the Madiga community (sub sect among the scheduled castes) raised slogans demanding internal reservation as has been done in Andhra Pradesh. They were whisked away by the police even as Sonia continued reading out her speech.Prior to the mutt function, Sonia visited Nagasamudra village in Chitradurga district to have first hand information on the drought condition in Karnataka. She inspected a dried up tank and interacted with a couple of farmers. She was driven around the open ground where the public had gathered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12903092", "title": "'Jails should reform prisoners'", "text": "AJMER: It is important that jails should reform the prisoners and help them align themselves with the mainstream once again. This was the moot point discussed and debated upon at the one-day seminar on 'Prisoner reform and right of prisoners' at the MDS University on Friday. The session was organized by the state human rights commission.State I&B; commissioner Shyam Sunder Bissa cited Article 21 of Constitution that says that \"prisoners could not be deprived of their right to life\". \"It is important that the prisoners, after coming out of the jail, are ready to take on the world.\"Commission member H R Kudi did not deny incidents of human rights violation in prisons. \"Every prisoner has the right to seek legal aid if needed. Just because a person has been sentenced to imprisonment doesn't mean his rights can be violated,\" said Kudi.President, Bar Association, Ajmer, Rajesh Tandon was critical of the police's role in cases of human rights violation in jails. \"If the commission is serious about bringing in a change, prompt action against cops, if found guilty, should be taken.\"Speakers on different subject put light on the incidents of human right violation and demanded that state should made reforms in jails. Putting the realities in the seminar, president of bar association of Ajmer Rajesh Tandon charged on the corruption in jail and police who violate human rights openly. \"Police is a band of organized criminals and if the commission really wanted to implement the rules of human rights then they have to take prompt action against police.\"Tandon further put the realities in seminar and said that \"Implementation of human rights could not come through seminars but strict action is required to curb the incidents. Commission is simply an advisory body and could only advice state government on issues.\" Tandon charged, \"If the commission writes to superintendent of police of any district it is not obligatory for him to replay to commission back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "12905597", "title": "Probe into blackbuck deaths commences, toll touches 30", "text": "BATHINDA: The inquiry into the death of blackbucks got underway on Friday even as one more antelope was found dead inside the park on Friday, taking the toll to 30. Forest officials also recovered the body of the dog that had apparently triggered a stampede on Thursday.It also came to light that out of the total 30 dead blackbucks, 16 were pregnant and only 5 had wounds on their bodies. The rest, according to doctors, who conducted the postmortem, died of trauma. Blackbuck is the state animal of Punjab and is covered under schedule 1 of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972.Forest officials said they were trying to find out how the dog managed to enter the antelope enclosure and triggered a stampede. On Friday also, they spotted a dog near the enclosure of blackbucks, they added.Chief wildlife warden Dhirender Singh, who visited the park on Friday, said that the inquiry team was trying to find out how this incident happened. DFO Anand Kumar, who is heading the probe, recorded the statements of wildlife staff on Friday morning, he added.Meanwhile, Punjab chief minister Prakash Singh Badal, who had initiated the project to have a deer safari and to whom the project is considered to be quite dear, also visited the park in the evening. Badal said that the guilty in the case would be punished. TheCM also visited the enclosure where blackbucks had died. The deer safari project would be completed in time and deer would be brought from other places for the safari to function smoothly, he added.The government has plans to start the deer safari project from next month. The total project cost is estimated to be around Rs 6.28 crore, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908862", "title": "Outstation trips replace boring farewells", "text": "Students are celebrating passing out of college with outstation trips and uploading their excurssion videos tooFarewell dos are passe. Students are instead planning interesting affairs to make the final days of their stay in campus memorable - right from short outstation trip to spending a night out with friends .Anuj Sharma , a student of mechanical engineering at BIT-Mesra, has planned a week-long outstation trip to Arunachal Pradesh and Guwahati with his gang of friends. \"Our exams are over and we have all got placed. We have spent four years of college. This is the time to live freely, without obligation or restrictions. We will spend two-three days at the Kaziranga National Park and then stay for five days in Tawang, a village in Arunachal Pradesh. These memories will remain with us for the entire life.\"Another student from BIT-Mesra, Mathew Kuruvilla of computer science, hasanother plans up his sleeve.\"We plan to explore Gangtok. But before packing our bags, we plan to have a night out in some safe place near our campus. We will carry our laptops, cameras and music systems.\"Ripudaman Singh Dadhwal, an engineering student from BIT Mesra, who has his bags packed for Darjeeling, echoed sentiments. \"We will be leaving for the trip on May 15. This is the first time we final year students have planned an outstation trip to different destinations. This will be something different. We usually have parties or get-togethers throughout the year, but indulging in some adventurous activities will leave us with memories that will stay with us forever. Anyway, once we get into professional life, we will hardly find time to be together.\"Rohit Banka, a student of electronic engineering, has come up with an interesting way to express his emotions. He has made a video clubbing stills of days spent on the campus. \"I have dedicated the video to all my batchmates and uploaded it on social networking websites. The background music of the video has been taken from Tamil movie, \"Happy Days\", which is based on the life of engineering students. I got interesting and heart felt comments from my friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12904081", "title": "Kathakali adaptation of Tagore's play on Sunday", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A Kathakali adaptation of Rabindranath Tagore's play, The Sacrifice, will be staged in Kozhikode on Sunday as part of the 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of Asia's first Nobel laureate.Kozhikode based Thodayam Kathakali Yogam will produce Balidanam, the attakatha for which was prepared by T M Bhaskaran Nedungadi, former chairman of Kerala Kalamandalam, in the early 1970s.\"We decided to produce Balidaanam as no Kathakali yogam in the state has been performing the 'katha,'\" said P Mohandas, president of Thodayam Kathakali Yogam.\"Even though the attakkatha was scripted in 1970s it was performed only once, that too in Delhi,\" he said claiming that it was the first time that Balidaanam was getting staged in Kerala.The story of the play is about the dilemma of King Govinda Simhan, who wanted to abolish the practice of sacrificing animals to please gods, the quest of the queen to conceive a child by sacrificing the life their adopted son and the evil plot of brahmin priest Raghupati.Narippatta Narayanan Namboothiri, a veteran Kathakali artist did the choreography, while Kalamandalam Mohanakrishnan composed the music.Sadanam Krishna Prasad will perform as Govinda Simhan, Vellinezhi Haridasan will give life to queen Gunavathi and Sadanam Narayanan Namboothiri Narippatta will play the crooked priest.\"We are planning to perform Balidaanam in other places also as a tribute to the great artist,\" said Madanan K Menon, general secretary of Thodayam Kathakali Yogam.On the occasion of the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore,Kathakali artists in the state are on a mission to pay tribute to Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore by performing the Kathakali adaptation of one of his finest plays 'The Sacrifice'. The characters in the play king Govinda Simhan and Queen Gunavathy, the conflict between the two on the topic sacrifice of life for pleasing mother goddess and the crookedness of the chief priest of the king will be expressed with the help of 'Kathakali mudras' during the performance of 'Balidaanam'.An 'attakkatha' of the play was prepared by T M Bhaskaran Nedungadi, former chairman of Kerala Kalamandalam, in the early 1970s. However, no Kathakaliyogams or groups in the state have been performing the 'attakkatha' for decades.The Thodayam Kathakali Yogam, a group that has been nurturing Kathakali in the state for the past 20 years, decided to produce 'Balidaanam' to pay tribute to the first Nobel Laureate of Asia on the occasion of the 150th birth anniversary celebrations. The Kathakali will be performed in Kozhikode on Sunday.\"We decided to produce 'Balidaanam' as no Kathakali yogams in the state have been performing the 'katha' for over 45 years,\" said P Mohandas, president of Thodayam Kathakali Yogam. Even though the 'attakkatha' was scripted in 1970s it was performed only once, that too in Delhi, he said claiming that it was the first time that Balidaanam was getting a Kathakali adaptation in Kerala.Thodayam Kathakaliyogam produced 'Balidaanam' with the help of Narippatta Narayanan Namboothiri, a veteran Kathakali artist in choreographing the attakkatha. Kalamandalam Mohanakrishnan did music for 'Balidaanam'.The dilemma of King Govinda Simhan who wanted to abolish animal sacrifice to please gods, the quest of the queen to conceive a child by sacrificing the life their adopted son and the evil plot of brahmin priest Raghupati will be performed by Kathakali artists from different parts of the state.While Sadanam Krishna Prasad will perform as Govinda Simhan, Vellinezhi Haridasan will give life to queen Gunavathi and Sadanam Narayanan Namboothiri Narippatta will transform himself as the crooked priest.\"We are planning to perform Balidaanam in other places also as a tribute to the great artist,\" said Madanan K Menon, general secretary of Thodayam Kathakali Yogam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902864", "title": "Sheila Dikshit calls meet on poll debacle", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an eye on the Delhi assembly polls slated for later next year, chief minister Sheila Dikshit will meet all Congress MLAs on Saturday to assess the reasons for the debacle in the municipal polls.The exercise is seen as an attempt to understand the losses and \"retrieve lost ground\" in time for the assembly elections.\"We have seen all the statistics from the recently concluded polls. The numbers speak for themselves and now we want to hear from the MLAs what they have to say on the reasons for the losses. Saturday's meeting is about introspection and to understand how to improve our position as a party. We will see how we can retrieve the lost ground,\" Dikshit told TOI on Friday.Earlier this week, the CM met Sonia Gandhi and gave her brief assessment of the reasons for the Congress thrashing in the municipal polls to the party high command.Each Congress MLA has been handed over a detailed analysis of the vote share in the four wards under each assembly seat so that they come prepared for the meeting. A report card of each MLA has also been prepared at the behest of Dikshit. According to sources, the report card also compares the vote share of the MCD polls with the 2008 assembly polls in each constituency. It also gives a detailed analysis of the margin of loss and how the vote split played out across parties and independents. The comparative data looks at BSP's performance in the 2008 assembly polls in Delhi vis-a-vis the 2012 municipal polls.The exercise has also been carried out for all seven parliamentary constituencies - all under Congress - to understand the shift. However, the CM said Saturday's meeting would focus on the MCD performance and the steps that needed to be taken to strengthen the party for a fight in the Delhi elections in 2013.\"We still have more than one and a half years before us. Who knows what may happen in that much time. Every poll is different. In 2007, we lost MCD but won the assembly in 2008. So, no one can predict what will happen in 2013,\" Dikshit said. She added that the MCD polls were a small election where individuals mattered while the assembly polls were a different ball game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12912979", "title": "Swamy's allegations against Chidambaram baseless: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government today rejected Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy's allegations against Home Minister P Chidambaram in the Aircel-Maxis equity issue saying they were \"totally baseless\".After perusing records of Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) in the issue, a government release said \"it will be abundantly clear that there was no delay whatsoever. It is unfortunate that baseless allegations should be made without verifying the facts.\"The government statement comes two days after Swamy accused Chidambaram, the then Finance Minister, of delaying permission for the sale of Aircel to Malaysia-based Maxis in 2006 so that his son Karti was financially benefited.The statement said the records reveal that on January 1, 2006 M/s Global Communication Services Holdings (GCSH) Ltd acquired 26 per cent equity in M/s Aircel Ltd through the automatic route.On January 30, 2006, GCSH applied for enhancing its equity in M/s Aircel Ltd from 26 per cent to 73.99 per cent.The statement said the application was processed in the normal course and the Ministries and Departments concerned took the normal time of four to six weeks to offer their comments. The proposal was included in the agenda notes circulated on February 17, 2006.On March 7, the the matter was placed before the meeting of the FIPB. DoT conveyed its support to the proposal at the meeting. FIPB recommended the proposal for approval on the same day and the file was moved by Deputy Secretary on March 10, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904608", "title": "Telangana Rashtra Samiti will merge with no party: K Chandrasekhar Rao", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hinting at another round of intensified struggle in June this year, Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) chief K Chandrasekhar Rao has said that he would keep taking the pro-Telangana activism a notch higher until the Centre acceded to the legitimate and democratic demand for a separate state, even if it meant carrying on with the political struggle for another 11 years.Speaking at the 11th party foundation day celebrations, near Vikarabad on Friday, KCR demanded that the Centre honour the promise it has made to the people of the region. \"If the Centre has any respect towards democracy, it should immediately announce the formation of Telangana state. We demand that the Prime Minister immediately introduce a bill in support of a separate Telangana,\" he said.Asking media to desist from making baseless reports of TRS's merger with Congress, Rao said his party had become strong enough for other political parties in the region to merge with TRS. \"We are not in a position to merge our party. We have grown to Himalayan heights. People have made the party so strong that other parties are finding it tough to retain their identity. The party will exist even after the formation of Telangana state,\" he said.The TRS chief called upon people to continue their struggle in a peaceful manner. \"We have to achieve Telangana in a peaceful and democratic way. No one can stop us. We will continue our fight until we achieve our goal. People must realise that reconstructing a new vibrant Telangana state is as important as achieving it. Our aim must be to strive for a Telangana full of smiles,\" he observed.Rao said the a plan of action for this year and the next would be finalized during a three-day workshop that is to be convened soon after the Parakal byelection.Rao urged party cadre to re-dedicate themselves to the T cause and appealed to the youth to put an end to suicides. \"I request youngsters to be brave and not sacrifice their lives for the cause of Telangana. It is not good for the movement,\" he said.Referring to the suspension of eight Telangana Congress MPs for stalling Lok Sabha proceedings, Rao said: \"They have not only insulted our MPs, but four crore Telangana people.\" He asked the Congress MPs in question to show their sincerity and commitment to the movement by tendering their resignations. \"Why are you sill hanging around in a party that does not respect our people or you, for that matter?\" he asked.Taking a dig at BJP , he came down heavily on the party for claiming that Telangana would only be a possibility when a national party took up the cause. \"They (BJP) are a national party only in name. They are supported by regional parties. Today, regional parties are ruling the roost, both in UPA and NDA,\" he said.A total of 24 resolutions - in support of farmers, students, tribals, weaker sections and employees - were adopted during the meeting. Former DGP and TDP leader Peravaram Ramulu joined TRS on the occasion and vowed to lend his experience to hasten the formation of a separate Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12913783", "title": "UP power corporation limited to lay underground electric cables in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Large parts of the state capital may be free of electric poles if plans of state government fall in place. The UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) has drawn an exhaustive plan to lay underground aerial bunch conductors (ABC) wherever possible in the city. The project will not only help in checking power theft but also improve power supply of the city.UPPCL chairman, Avanish Awasthi said that the ABCs will be laid underground where ever possible, especially in the trans-Gomti areas like Gomtinagar, Indiranagar, Aliganj and Mahanagar. This will be part of a Rs 650 crores power infrastructure up gradation project that has been sanctioned by the state government for Lucknow. It was only a week ago that the state capital was chosen to be developed as a model city to have a top class power distribution system.Awasthi said that the project involves installation of aerial bunch conductors (ABC) across the length and breath of the state capital to stop pilferage of power. The conductors are a bunch of insulated wires which are otherwise hard to be tampered. According to an estimate, around 2000 Kms of ABCs will be laid across the city.The conductors will be of immense use to plug power pilferage in the city, especially the Old City areas of the state capital. At the same time, the system will prevent frequent flashovers which eventually result in prolonged power outages.The chairman said that the plans are afoot to put the sub-stations of the city on a mechanized system which will get the sub-stations free of the staff. He said that it is the question of the use of technology under which the sub-stations will run on a load system. If a fault is detected the system will trip automatically,'' he said. Technically called supervisory control and data activation (Scada) system, it is expected to be implemented within a period of one year. Awasthi said that they will be roping in agencies which have expertise in the area. Sources said that the UPPCL has already get in touch with a multi-national which has implemented the system in Mumbai.In another important development, a 250 MW unit of Harduaganj got synchronized with the state grid on Saturday. The much awaited unit-9 of Harduaganj got synchronised with the state grid at sharp 3.11 pm. According to additional managing director of UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam, Dheeraj Sahu, the unit was pumping around 45 MW of power into the grid. Sahu said that the unit was feeded coal from a coal mill. He said that the unit will be feeded more and more coal to increase the output.Sahu said that the synchronization of the unit could be of immense importance given the ever increasing day time temperatures. Interestingly, it is not until the commercial operation of the unit begins that the state would get the benefit of the new unit. And that will take at least two months time. Given this, the unit is expected to begin its commercial production by July. Sahu said that Harduaganj's unit-8 is in the operational stage and is pumping out 255 MW of power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12903108", "title": "550 Raj Nagar slum families to be evicted on Saturday", "text": "NAGPUR: Seven years after they were first removed, shanties of Raj Nagar will again face bulldozers on Saturday. The slum is to be removed to allow construction of National Fire Service College's (NFSC) new campus. Friday's could be the last night for 550 families occupying the land near mental hospital square. However, the enforcement squad may face opposition as residents have declared they would resist eviction.Following a request from NFSC, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has geared up to remove the slums. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay and collector Saurabh Rao held a marathon meeting to ensure eviction without any untoward incidents.A senior NMC official told TOI final decision to go ahead with demolition was taken in a meeting between three top officials on Friday night. \"NMC, district administration and NFSC personnel will start the drive from 7 am on Saturday. A squad of 500 policemen will be deployed at the site to ensure peaceful operation. In fact, police have been posted from Friday night itself. NMC has been clearing encroachments on the roads and footpaths for the last one month and Raj Nagar slum too will be cleared on Saturday,\" he said.An internal NMC note on the drive blamed NFSC for allowing the slum to crop up again on its 43.35 acre land. The NMC said 38 families were living on the land since January 1, 1995.The anti-encroachment drive of NMC will focus its attention on the land meant for National Fire Service College's (NFSC) new campus on Saturday. The shanties on the land grew to 420 by January 2005 when the NMC first removed them.The original 38 families were offered rehabilitation at Dixit Nagar in Nari as per norms. However, NFSC did not do anything to prevent encroachment on its land and the slum-dwellers returned in even bigger numbers, the NMC note said.NFSC has now proposed to construct a new college building, library, administrative building, hostels, a guest house and a model fire station on the land, which it wants cleared.NMC says the slum-dwellers are not entitled for rehabilitation. \"38 families were eligible as on January 12, 2005 but they too lost the opportunity as they did not shift to the place offered to them then,\" said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12904132", "title": "EC relaxes model code for bypolls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing criticism that its attempt to create a level-playing field inadvertently puts a spanner in several ongoing developmental works, the Election Commission (EC) has relaxed its model code of conduct for the upcoming bypolls in 29 constituencies in June.In a note issued on Thursday to all recognized political parties and chief electoral officers of all the states facing bypolls, the EC said that the model code of conduct for the byelections would this time apply only to the constituencies concerned and not the entire district as has been the norm.The relaxation, however, is temporary and applicable only to the June by-polls in 10 states \"on an experimental basis\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12905157", "title": "2,600 rogue automen, cabbies have their permits suspended", "text": "At a time when auto and taxi drivers are demanding a fare hike of Rs 4, RTO records show that commuters lodged 5,353 complaints against errant drivers in the past year.The complaints were lodged over the toll-free RTO helpline 1800-22-0110 . This is apart from the 8,000-and-odd complaints registered over the SMS-complaint service of India Against Corruption (IAC). TOI has in its possession RTO data on complaints lodged between April 2011 and March 2012.State transport commissioner V N More said the department had received a lot of complaints from passengers recently and that prompt action was taken by officials.Although officials at Tardeo , Andheri and Wadala RTOs are overburdened with other work such as issuing licences, car registrations and collecting taxes, they pursued the complaints and issued showcause notices, suspended licences and permits and fined errant drivers.The RTO data shows that the majority of the 5,353 complaints were registered at the Andheri RTO at 2,409 cases. While Wadala recorded 1,925 grievances, Tardeo got 1,019 complaints. They were primarily over refusal, meter-rigging , rude behaviour, excess fares and use of fake tariff cards. The RTO at Andheri issued showcause notices to 1,189 drivers while their counterparts at Tardeo issued notices to 1,003 drivers, and Wadala to 841.Permits of 2,647 drivers were suspended in the past year; perhaps a huge number for any RTO division in recent years. Licences of 1,985 drivers were suspended, and a total fine of nearly Rs 12 lakh was collected.Consumer activists have demanded that drivers should not be allowed any further fare hike unless they improve the quality of service. More said, \"We appeal to citizens to lodge complaints on our toll-free number. Each call is recorded in our centralized database and complaints forwarded to the respective RTOs.\" Action was usually taken when drivers arrived at RTOs for annual fitness tests. Complainants were informed via SMSes about action taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12903057", "title": "Teachers to have shorter Right to Education trainings", "text": "MUMBAI: Authorities of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan, who are training schoolteachers in the application of Continuous Comprehensive Evaluation under RTE Act, have decided to hold the sessions in small batches and for shorter periods from next month.The move will not only offer teachers time to finish evaluating papers and preparing results, but will also let them focus on the training. Following the Supreme Court's judgment that all clauses under Right to Education (RTE) Act should be implemented in all schools in the country by next year, a host of training programmes were started by SSA for which teachers had to dedicate eight hours every day. \"It was getting hectic for teachers, who had to report to school, attend the training and also check papers,\" said Arundhati Chavan, president, Parent-Teachers' Association United Forum.On Thursday, BJP members, along with some school principals, met the SSA director. \"We are reworking the schedule that will have four-day trainings. It will start in May-June and last till December,\" said an SSA official.Teachers are relieved with the news. \"We could not concentrate on anything. Now, we will have more time to focus on our work and the training,\" said Rajni Gandhi, a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12905017", "title": "2 sand lorry drivers jump to death", "text": "GUNTUR: Illegal transport of sand from Krishna river claimed two lives near Madipadu village in Atchampet mandal when the lorry drivers jumped into the waters to escape from the police. The lorry drivers were part of a group of men who were ferrying sand in lorries illegally.The illegal sand mining came to light when local SI Shaik Subhani visited Madipadu on Friday to check on the area as about 50 persons going from Guntur to Nalgonda district in a punt (country boat) had got stuck in the river in the late hours of Thursday. Following this, police asked punt operators to cease their operations on Friday.When the SI reached the area, he was shocked to see a large number of vehicles being ferried by punts on the river. He immediately ordered the operators to come back to the shore and surrender. As soon as they saw the cops, seven drivers of the lorries aboard the punts jumped into the waters. But only five reached the shore safely while Narasimharao, 20, of Narayanapuram and Bommala Kiran, 22, of Choutuppal from Nalgonda district ended up in watery grave. Police seized seven lorries, two tractors and took five drivers into custody.Local contractors brazenly shift sand-laden lorries every day to the other end of the river with the help of punts. Sources said the contractors are backed by some influential leaders from Krishna, Guntur and Nalgonda districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12902715", "title": "District disaster management panel buys equipment worth Rs 40L", "text": "NASHIK: The district disaster management committee, Nashik, has bought the various items worth Rs 40 lakh required for disaster situations, which are to be given to the respective departments that handle the responsibilities.The concerned officials are however worried about the maintenance of such equipment as there is no word on the maintenance that may be required for some of the machines.The disaster management committee, after rigorous discussions and deliberations, identified several things that were required by the various government agencies participating in the search and rescue operations during the times of natural or man-made calamities. The list of newly-bought items includes floating water pumps, 2.5 kva generator sets, lifejackets, metal, wood and concrete cutters, tents and inflatable lighting tower systems.The major beneficiary is the rural police department which will get 70 big torches and 50 reflective jackets, which the department was in dire need of. In times of accidents or any other natural or man-made calamities, it often takes a very long time for professionals to reach the site, at which time these accessories will aid in rescue operations.\"All the items will be forwarded to the respective departments. As per the clauses of the terms and conditions, training by the companies to the ones who will use the products is mandatory, and the same will be given to employees of the respective departments. The aim is to keep the machines and equipments in active mode by making the staff practice on the same,\" said resident deputy collector Nitin Mahajan.However, there is no mention on the maintenance of the materials acquired. The district management committee has six boats and all are in working condition, except the one with Niphad tehsil. Officials said that they would make attempts to revive the motor on the boat and if that failed, the boat would have to be scrapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12904222", "title": "High court notice to CBI on Israeli national's plea against anti -narcotics cell", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Friday issued a notice to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in a petition filed by Israeli national Yair Daniel Levon, who has been convicted for possessing narcotic drugs.Justice F M Reis passed the order in the petition filed by Yair alleging that he had been falsely framed by the anti -narcotics cell (ANC) of the Goa police. The petitioner has sought that the court direct the CBI to investigate his complaint.Yair has stated in his petition that the police did not follow the prescribed rules to quantify the amount of narcotics seized from him. The petitioner has pointed out that the CBI should look into the fresh evidence that has come to light during the investigation.During the hearing, Yair's lawyer told the court that out of the three policemen, who arrested him, one falsely deposed against him. The police officer in-charge at the ANC at the time, Panaji , has been arrested, the lawyer said.He told the court that inorder to prove his client's innocence, Yair is even willing to undergo a narco analysis test under the supervision of the CBI.On January 8, 2008, Yair had been arrested by the ANC behind the Badem church at Assagao and was allegedly found in possession of 1.76 kg of charas. The trial court convicted him for possession of commercial quantity of drugs on January 19, 2009, and sentenced him to undergo 10 years rigorous imprisonment and pay a fine of 1 lakh.On October 16, 2009, the high court upheld the conviction. The Israeli then moved the Supreme Court in appeal saying he had been falsely arrested by the police. The SC disposed of his plea as withdrawn to allow the issue to be raised before the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908961", "title": "A jewellery designer's tribute to Titanic", "text": "An Indian jewellery designer pays a tribute to the Titanic. Debarati S Sen reports...For the last hundred years, the world has been captivated by the story of the then largest, touted-to-be unsinkable, passenger liner RMS Titanic. The year 2012 marks the 100th anniversary of the vessel's maiden voyage, and people are paying tribute to it in many ways -the Hollywood movie, starring Leonardo Di Caprio and Kate Winslet , has been re-released in 3D, cruises are being organised to trace the path of the ship's original route, millions of memorabilia are on sale worldwide, limited edition books are being published and songs are being composed. Now, a city-based jewellery designer has created a unique necklace as his tribute.The designer, Laksh Pahuja, and his family have been goldsmiths for generations, and his 350 gms necklace includes a large blue diamond, gold, silver, citrines, rubies, blue, black and white Swarovski zircon and wood. Says Laksh, \"I was inspired by the movie to craft this exquisite piece of jewellery. I have re-created the scene that has Kate and Leonardo standing on the deck with their arms outstretched.\"It took Laksh over a year to make the piece, from concept to execution. \"It is my dream to see the necklace at the Swarovski Museum in Austria . With this design, I want to inspire young designers to think of concepts that are recognised and appreciated worldwide,\" he signs off.debarati.sen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12911255", "title": "Vishal Dadlani joins Red Bull Music Academy", "text": "Pentagram, the four piece Indian rock/electronica brand which is fronted by Vishal Dadlani speaks about his new association with the Red Bull Music Academy.\"This is the first time that I am associating myself with a project like Red Bull Music Academy, so I don't bear any pre-conceived notions or ideas. I just want to flow with the energy of the project,\" says Vishal Dadlani, via an email interview, adding, \"I love the thought of meeting, and talking music with new people, whether it's artists or listeners. Red Bull Music Academy is an exciting platform where musicians will get a chance to interact with other musicians and learn from them. The Academy is a great way to bring musical minds together and share experiences. I expect to learn a lot myself by being associated with the Academy.\"According to Dadlani, Bollywood music has been changing over the years. \"It's a great time to be in India and witness the changes in the music industry. And platforms like Red Bull Music Academy are only helping budding musicians to get that dream and get a chance of learning and making music alongside similar talents from across the globe.\"As to whether becoming a musician was his childhood dream, he says. \"I was fortunate enough to have parents who encouraged me and friends like Papal, Shiraz and Randolph who were patient with me. I've never had any formal training in music and whatever I've learnt about music I've learnt from my friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12904778", "title": "Love the weather? Thank La Nina", "text": "LUDHIANA: The western disturbances and the La Nina effect have resulted in turbulence in the weather this year, say weather experts.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate agro-meteorologist at Panjab Agricultural University, said the western disturbances this year have been very effective coupled with favourable conditions such as high moisture in air.These disturbances caused windstorm and rain immediately after the temperature shot up, which resulted in an alternate cycle of hot weather and windy rain, said Gill.The other reason being this year is a La Nina year. The La Nina (meaning the girl in Spanish) effect is associated with cold winds that bring monsoon in south-east Asia. The counter effect of La Nina is El Nino (meaning the boy), which brings along a spate of dry and rough winds lacking moisture in the air, said Gill.She said the maximum temperature during this time of the year reaches 40 degrees celsius, but it hasn't crossed 37 degrees celsius yet this year.Harish Kumar, a businessman from Civil Lines, said the weather this year has been confusing. \"While one day is bright and sunny, the other witnesses downpour and storms bringing the temperature low. This respite from the hot and sultry summer is good though,'' he said.Surbhi Sharma, a student from Model town, said she hopes the weather remains pleasant throughout May as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12904224", "title": "Dust-related ailments are on the rise in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: The pathetic conditions of roads is causing a lot of dust in the city. Many roads have not seen any kind of facelift since many years. Due to the dust, people suffering from dust related ailments have doubled in the last five years in the city.People suffer from dust-related ailments like allergy, eczema, polyps, asthma, cough and cold, lung diseases, fever and other diseases.The hospitals under Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) are getting more than thousands of patients in a year related to these ailments and this has become a common trend, said P N Biradar, HDMC health officer.\"Every day we are getting 2 or 3 (more than 1,000 per year) allergy patients. After the rainy season, the number of patients, related to dust ailments, will increase usually. Viral infection could also be the cause, but mostly these arise as allergic problems only. Dust mainly causes respiratory problems, cold, fever,\" he added.Speaking to TOI, Sushruta Multispeciality Hospital medical officer R N Belgaumkar said: \"We are daily receiving 4 to 5 allergic patients, and allergy comes from dust and pollution. The numbers of allergic patients have increased two times in the last 5-6 years.\"He added that dust and pollution are the main reason for the increase in asthma patients.From the past two decades, the number of asthma patients has increased from 1 percent to 3 percent in city. Chronic diseases may also cause breathing problems, lungs infection, BP, heart related problems and others diseases, he added.Sachin Patil an insurance agent travels nearly 15 to 20 km per day in city. Since last year, he said he had been suffering from asthma and skin itching problems. Doctor advised him to avoid dust-related areas .Few roads in Bharath mill, Shirur Park, Kamaripet road, Karwar road, Gokul to Unkal cross road, interior roads of New Cotton Market do not have tar roads and are usually covered with dust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902678", "title": "Court adding insult to injury: Nupur counsel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court told Nupur Talwar to surrender before the Ghaziabad trial court on Monday. With the threat of arrest looming large, a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar said that any bail application that Nupur may wish to make on Monday would be heard by the trial court expeditiously and decided on merit without being influenced by the earlier orders of the apex court and high court on the petitions of the dentist couple.Nupur's counsel Mukul Talwar made an emotional pitch. \"The trial court's summoning order is not a normal order.It adds insult to injury as it lets off servants. The parents' lives have been destroyed by media. Their only daughter had been murdered. They are reputed dentists who had no marital discord. Yet, their lives are destroyed,\" he said.The bench did not accept the plea, saying that since the review petition had to be heard at length, there was no reason why the trial should be held up. \"In our opinion, you must surrender before the trial court and let the trial court consider the case. You must complete the formalities. We will consider your review petition. But you must surrender in the meantime,\" said the bench of Justices Patnaik and Khehar.However, the bench held out some hope for Nupur as it agreed to examine in detail her plea for reconsideration of the January 6 judgment revoking the earlier apex court order passed to stay her trial. After hour-long arguments by Rohatgi, the court posted her plea for further hearing on May 4 with an assurance that the apex court was there to do justice.With Rohatgi attempting to punch holes in the magistrate's February 9, 2011 order summoning the doctor couple for the Aarushi-Hemraj murders, the bench said, \"Since the review petition is filed and you (Nupur) say that it is an exceptional case, we are here to do justice.\"The CBI had in its final report to the trial court last year refrained from charging the couple with the murder of their daughter, although it expressed suspicions about them and ruled out the involvement of outsiders.The court, however, turned down the agency's plea for closure of the case on grounds of lack of conclusive evidence against Talwars and others, and asked the couple to appear before the court to face trial.Nupur's main contention was that Aarushi's postmortem examination, which was carried out on May 16, 2008, hours after her murder, did not show any abnormality in her private parts ruling out any \"hanky panky\" with Hemraj, and consequently falsifying CBI's theory that Rajesh killed his daughter in a fit of anger after he chanced upon something deeply objectionable.Rohatgi maintained that the main door was latched from outside which contradicted the agency's surmise that the double murder was an inside job. He said the trial court committed a grave error by summoning the parents, who were innocent and devastated by the incident, and letting off servant Krishna who lived nearby and from whose house a blood-stained pillow cover was seized by the investigating agency.\"Look at the misery the family is going through. She has already surrendered before the Supreme Court. There is no investigation pending against her.So if the Supreme Court feels Nupur should not get bail, reject her bail plea,\" Rohatgi said.But the bench said, \"We should not anticipate the trial court order. Let her surrender before the trial court and the magistrate will consider her bail plea. If you do not get bail, there are higher courts which you can approach.\"Pursuant to the April 11 non-bailable warrant, the CBI had searched for her at various places, but Nupur managed to elude the investigators and moved the SC immediately, seeking stay of the warrant. On April 13, the CBI told the apex court that it would wait till further orders on her petition seeking stay of arrest warrant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12904611", "title": "Man in jail plots against 3, caught", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An undertrial lodged in Patiala Central Jail was on Friday arrested for hatching a conspiracy to implicate three persons in a fake rape case.Former president of NRI association of Punjab, Amarjit Singh Virk, who is being tried in the 2011 rape case of kabaddi player, was lodged in Patiala jail. Brought on production warrants by Chandigarh police, he was sent in three-day police custody on Friday.Police sources said the accused made a woman lodge a complaint of rape against three persons, including the husband of the kabaddi player. Those falsely implicated in the rape case include Nawab Singh and Chintu.Sources maintained that Virk had hatched the conspiracy only to force the complainant, who had lodged FIR against him with Mohali police, to reach compromise with him.Sub-inspector Hari Om from police station, Sector 3 said, \"During investigation, it was established that woman was not raped by anyone and Virk was the mastermind behind the conspiracy.\" He said role of wife and son of Virk and a former bureaucrat of Mohali district is also under scanner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12904807", "title": "Ludhiana residents want Sachin Tendulkar as sports minister", "text": "LUDHIANA: Hailing Central government's decision of nominating the Master Blaster as a member of the Rajya Sabha, his fans in the city, particularly sportspersons, want Sachin be made the sports minister of the country. They expect the cool headed master of centuries would provide the best sport infrastructure to the country and repair the deep rooted ailments of Indian sports at global level.\"Sachin knows sports more than any politician. Another inning from the maestro of cricket to improve the condition of sports will not be a bad idea,\" said selection committee (seniors) chairman of Punjab Cricket Association (PCA) Chaman Lal Malhotra.Teja Singh Dhaliwal, vice-president of Basketball Federation of India and Punjab Basketball Association general secretary, said, \"Instead of being nominated to Rajya Sabha, Sachin should immediately be made the sports minister and I am sure he will change the face of sports in India. His nomination to the RS would leave him like a toothless tiger.'' PCA selector Sham Lal Gupta too has the same opinion. \"It is high time a sportsperson be made the sports minister and there is no one better than Tendulkar for this job. Indian politics is in dire need of good politicians and this could be a perfect start.''QuotesSachin should be made the sports minister as he understands the reality at the grassroots level and his honesty towards sports is unchallenged.TJ Sahi | international basketball playerSachin is the best choice for sports minister. He has been awarded several times, but honouring him with this charge wouldbe an award for the country.Suresh Sharma | table tennis coachPeople like him are born once in a century and should be given the highest authority. He will bring unprecedented changes if made the sports minister.Amrik Nagra | cricket coach", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12903992", "title": "Marxist Coordination Committee blocks entry to open cast mines", "text": "Sindri: The Marxist Coordination Committee (MCC) blocked the entry point of Tasra open cast project of Chasnala colliery on Friday, protesting the removal of two displaced villagers from temporary service under the mining contractor. As a result, mining activities and transportation of coal remained disrupted for nearly six hours. The blockade was eventually lifted at around 2 pm after the MCC reached an agreement with the colliery management.They blocked the entry and exit points of the open cast project at around 8am in the morning. Representatives of the colliery management tried their best to persuade the agitating villagers to lift the blockade by assuring them to provide employment to the displaced and pay the due salary. But the party activists were not ready to listen, till the management took back the removed land losers on job. tnnFinally, the officer in-charge of Gaushala outpost of Sindri PS, Rajdeo Sharma, invited both the agitators and the colliery management for reconciliation in the police station. While general manager J K Bhowmick, Shaym Mishra, Shailesh Kumar, Subodh Gupta, Ashok Banerjee represented the colliery management in the talks, the MCC was represented by district MCC youth wing president Bablu Mahto.The colliery management announced to provide temporary employment to Sunil Singh and Jagannath Singh, the displaced villagers, and pay their due salary for last three months with immediate effect. They also decided to provide accident benefit to Arjun Singh , who was injured while working with the outsourcing firm, besides providing him temporary employment. It was only after the management agreed to these terms that the agitating villagers lifted the blockade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12909571", "title": "Divya's sweating it out in Delhi", "text": "Look which of our B-town celebs is literally sweating it out in Delhi at the moment. Actor Divy Dutta shared with her fans on Saturday how the shooting schedule of her forthcoming venture was making her work in extreme summer conditions in Delhi.The actor, who started on a positive note early in the morning writing on her blog, \"7am in delhi is like 10am in mumbai!I tot I lft early but t entire dilli seems to b leavn fr wrk at 7am!terraffic!gudmrnning!\" later followed it up with a rather hilarious message during noon.Divya, incidentally, was feeling like a stir fried dishes herself under the sun and said she was also hallucinating that other crew members had turned into food items too. She wrote online, \"Stir fried in dilli dhoop shooting!n who said its all fun n glamour fr us?bas everyone around me is looking like tala hua !o teri ki!hottttt\". Explaining her post further, and perhaps in a more graphical way, Divya soon added on her blog, \"Now I m hallucinating,everyones looking like chicken tandoori!fish fry,stir fried prawns!its t heat n t hunger! (sic)\"Significantly, earlier on Friday, the actor had posted online that she didn't even have time to complete reading an entire book in the last two years. She wrote on Fridy night, \"Aisa pehli baar hua hai pichle do saalon mein!quietened out!... Yeah!gud time to read!never wrapped an entire book oflate!sab beech mei aadhi reh gayin n then reread coz I frgot t backstory!\" Well, we sure hope you can manage some time for yourself in the days to come to read books if nothing else.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12905148", "title": "Ramadoss charged for favours to medical college", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday filed a chargesheet against former Union health minister Anbumani Ramadoss for allegedly abusing his official position in allowing an Indore-based medical college to go ahead with admissions without having sufficient faculty and clinical material.The 36-page chargesheet named the PMK leader and nine others, including two senior government officials and two doctors of Safdarjung Hospital and five persons associated with the private hospital in Indore, which allegedly gained \"pecuniary advantage\" in 2008.Besides Ramadoss, who was the Union minister of health and family welfare from May, 2004, till April, 2009, in UPA-I, CBI has filed chargesheet against K V S Rao, director in cabinet secretariat; Sudershan Kumar, section officer of ministry of health and family welfare and Dr J S Dhupia and Dr Dipendra Kumar Gupta of Safdarjung Hospital.Ramadoss, Rao, Kumar and the two doctors of Safdarjung Hospital have been charged under section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC along with offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act.According to the chargesheet, Ramadoss and other accused conspired in permitting IMCHRC admission for the second year even though the Medical Council of India and a SC-appointed committee had \"repeatedly recommended\" that the institute did not have sufficient faculty and clinical material required as per the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12903056", "title": "State goverment give nod to e-governance plan", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Thursday gave its nod for the implementation of the long-pending National e-Governance plan. With this, citizens in rural and urban areas of UP will be able to avail web-based services under 26 heads from July 1, 2012.A formal announcement in this regard was made after a meeting between chief secretary Jawed Usmani, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta and secretary, department of information and electronics, Jivesh Nandan. Usmani has also instructed state officials of the national informatics cell to ensure that the state service delivery gateways are made functional by the said deadline.Under the e-governance programme, people will now be able to make online applications for pensions, seek government aid for ailments and weddings, make complaints against dowry demands and also get copy of land registrations. Enrolment for employment will also henceforth be done through the e-governance mechanism. In the first phase of its implementation, the e-governance services will cover the departments of food and civil supplies, training and employment, urban development, handicapped welfare, social welfare, panchayati raj, revenue and women and child welfare.Originally, the National e-Governance Programme was approved for countrywide implementation in May 2006 to \"make all government services available to the common man in his locality.\" Following an existing model started in Sitapur by the local National Informatics Centre (NIC) in 2004, the Centre launched a fully funded pilot project - the first of its kind in India - across six districts of UP, including, Sultanpur, Gorakhpur, Noida, Sitapur, Rae Bareli and Ghaziabad.Earlier, the state government had earmarked December 31, 2009 to implement the project. The date was pushed forward in the previous dispensation citing high project costs.Though there was a delay in the full-fledged implementation of the scheme, about eight lakh certificates have been issued from 5,000 Jan Suvidha Kendras or Common Service Centres (CSCs).One implemented, the complete e-governance package will reduce the interaction of end users with government officials. Services like birth, death, domicile, caste, income and employment certificates are already available at the operational CSCs. From July 1, 2012, services like digital ration cards and copies of land records will also be available at the centres. The process will also be cost effective because it will allow beneficiaries to avail services from nearby centres. The centres will operate on public-private-partnership model, where services are being offered at a nominal cost. In Sitapur, for instance, obtaining any of the available services costs a consumer Rs 20. Currently, as part of National e-Governance Programme endeavour, over 900 network operation centres are already operational; clocking a success rate of over 95% in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904742", "title": "Finally, SIT produces accused in riots case", "text": "HYDERABAD: As reported by this newspaper on April 14 this year, SIT sleuths of the Central Crime Station ( CCS) on Friday named four persons belonging to the majority community as having instigated the recent communal disturbances in the Old City by desecrating a Hanuman temple in Kurmaguda falling under Madannapet in the wee hours of April 8.Producing the four persons at Nampally court, police said they confessed to have carried out the act at the insistence of two others who are absconding. Apparently, the accused were in police custody for the past couple of days and the arrest was shown on Friday only after the intervention of the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC).Deputy commissioner of police (detective department) John Victor identified the four persons as N Nagaraj, a GHMC sanitation supervisor, Kiran Kumar, a flower decorator, Ramesh, a waiter in Raj Hotel and K Dayanand Singh, a private car driver of Kurmaguda. The cops are on the lookout for the other two __ Niranjan, a wine shop dealer and Srinivas, a moneylender. The duo was said to be the brain behind the disruptive act.It all started on the morning of April 8 when locals of Kurmaguda found body parts of an animal inside a religious place. The incident instantly triggered communal clashes in Madannapet and Saidabad for several hours. \"As per the confession of the arrested four persons, Srinivas and Niranjan wanted to create tension between different communities in the locality of Kurmaguda in order to strengthen unity within the followers of the majority faith. They instigated the above four accused and conspired to create communal hatred,'' Victor said in a press release. The plan was hatched the previous night, the accused said.Investigating officials said that Srinivas and Niranjan instructed Nagaraj, Kiran Kumar, Ramesh and Dayanand Singh to keep the animal parts inside the temple and also sprinkle green colour. \"The accused said that since the temple is located amidst houses belonging to the minority community, the blame for the offence would be immediately put on them,'' police said. The four accused consumed liquor and then proceeded to carry out the act, the cops said. Kurmaguda ward member B Padma Reddy claimed that the four accused were taken into custody on Monday.Earlier in the day, family members of two of the four arrested __ K Dayanand Singh and N Nagaraju __ approached the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) seeking action against police for allegedly keeping the duo under illegal detention.K Ajay Singh, brother of Dayanand, alleged that on the night of April 24, Task Force officials entered their house in Kurmaguda forcibly and took his brother away. According to him, the officials said that he was being arrested because of his involvement in the recent communal clashes. The petitioner stated that soon after the incident he went to Madannapet police station, ACP office in Santoshnagar and also the Task Force office in Purani Haveli but could not trace his brother.Similarly, N Neeraja alleged that her husband Nagaraju was arrested in a similar fashion by the Task Force officials a few days ago. Both the petitioners appealed to the commission to direct the police to show their arrests and produce them in court immediately and demanded a thorough inquiry into the matter. The SHRC admitted the case and ordered the DCP, Task Force to inquire into the incidents and submit a report by June 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12903206", "title": "VIP vanity trumps citizens\u2019 security in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The metropolis could have had five new police stations had the government accepted the recommendation of a committee on VIP security cover. A high-ranking IPS officer told TOI on Friday that the committee had recommended the reduction or withdrawal of the security cover of leading politicians. \"But shockingly , chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil have rejected the recommendation for obvious political reasons,\" he said.Ironically, the officer said, Patil had been complaining of acute manpower shortage when it came to law enforcement. \"This could have been addressed had the recommendation been approved. From the surplus staff, we will be able to set up a minimum of five police stations in the metropolis.\"According to the officer, the committee had recommended that Z+ category security (the highest cover) be downgraded to Z for former chief minister Ashok Chavan, and to Y for Union ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde (both former chief ministers).The committee on VIP security, while recommending a downgrade or withdrawal of cover for several top politicians, has significantly said that no change should be made in the special security cover provided to actor Amitabh Bachchan , cricketer Sachin Tendulkar , former Lok Sabha speaker Manohar Joshi , president Pratibha Patil's son and daughter, and industrialist Ratan Tata.The panel recommended that security be withdrawn for former deputy chief minister Vijaysinh Mohite Patil and medical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit (both Z+), and RPI chief Ramdas Athavale and labour minister Ganesh Naik (both Z).Z-category politicians: The committee has advised a withdrawal of cover for excise minister Ganesh Naik, irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare, rural development minister Jayant Patil , Congress legislator Gopal Agarwal from Gondia (a Naxal-infested district), former minister of state for home Ramesh Bagwe, and former ministers Satish Chaturvedi and Rohidas Patil. It has advised a downgrade to X for former leader of the opposition Ramdas Kadam.Y-category politicians: The committee has advised a withdrawal of cover for former Union minister Murli Deora, former minister Baba Siddiqui, Congress leader from Chandrapur Naresh Pugalia, Congress MP from Nagpur Vilas Muttemwar , minister Nitin Raut and former minister Vijay Wadettiwar. It has advised a downgrade to X for textiles minister Arif Naseem Khan, former mayor Milind Vaidya and special public prosecutor in the stamp paper case Raja Thackeray.X-category politicians: The committee has advised a withdrawal of cover for industries minister Narayan Rane's sons Nitesh (an MP) and Nilesh, tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute, Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut, MNS chief Raj Thackeray's son and daughter, Bal Thackeray's daughter-in-law Smita Thackeray and her son Rahul Jaidev Thackeray , Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray's son Tejas, former ministers Siddharam Mhetre and Swaroopsinh Naik, public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal's son Pankaj and nephew Sameer, and former speaker Arun Gujarathi.The committee has also recommended the withdrawal of the special security cover of state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar, provided on the home minister's instruction despite the SP of Chandrapur (from where Mungantiwar hails) informing the home department that there was no threat to his life.While there was no response from the CM or the home minister, a senior Congress minister said it was time the government took serious note of the threat perception committee's recommendation.Times ViewNetas moving around with security entourages that are clearly bigger than necessary is a vulgar show of power as well as a burden on our pocket; the expenses for this show of pomp are borne directly by the tax we pay. This is one recommendation that the government should heed immediately. The tax citizens pay should be used for their benefit and not to add to the wrong notions of grandeur some VIPs may have about themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12904266", "title": "Farmers oppose plans to set up petrol pump at Benaulim", "text": "MARGAO: A large group of farmers came together to voice their opposition against plans to install a petrol pump in Cana-Benaulim on grounds that their agricultural land would get damaged.The farmers, who held a public meeting on Friday, have claimed that they have been opposing the petrol pump for several years and that several gram sabha resolutions had been adopted in the past favouring their stand. They, however, expressed the fear that despite the resolutions, permissions for setting up the fuel filling station and compound wall would be given. According to South Goa district collectorate officials, permissions had been given for setting up the petrol pump but the matter is currently subjudice.Camilo Fernandes and Joseph Rodrigues, while addressing mediapersons after the meeting, stated that they were opposing the project as their livelihood would get affected.They pointed out that they currently cultivate crops twice a year on the land that they claim will be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12904221", "title": "Chess attracts Hubli students", "text": "HUBLI: Chess has become the latest trend here as it's attracting many school and college students. The fad has increased to a new level in the last two years with children showing interest for the sport by enrolling themselves in chess training centers here.Considered a game for metro cities, chess is now slowly gaining its popularity in tier 2 and tier 3 cities. This interest has also resulted in an increase in the number of chess training centers here in the city.Earlier, there was only one chess training center in the city. However, there has been a surge as the number has gone more than four and more people are expected to open up training centers in the city. Experts believe that concentration and decision making abilities will improve by playing chess.To learn chess, training centers conduct summer camps, weekend classes and routine classes through out the year for chess enthusiasts in the city. The students are also taught international rules and regulations by the training institute. With a fee of Rs 500 per person for the summer camp classes, institutes impart chess training for routine classes up to Rs 2,000. Every chess institute trains children in three levels - basic, junior and senior levels.Srinivas Indrali, Nalanda Chess Academy, Hubli branch secretary, told TOI that two years back there were only six 6 to seven students for chess training. \"Last year 22 children were trained in the center and this year seven to eight members have already registered their names. We are expecting more than 35 children will enroll their names to learn chess in this vacation.\"Vinay Navale, a chess trainer, said that people of all ages come to learn chess here. Already more than eight members have registered their names within 15 days of vacations started, Navale added.Santosh Mathpati, 13, a chess enthusiast, said: \"I feel chess is a challenging game and I have joined the classes to learn the international rules of the chess. Because of learning chess, my concentration power has also increased.\" Saroja V, a resident, told TOI that \"I am sending my child to chess training center to learn chess because chess is an individual game and it will help them to develop concentration and decision making abilities\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai/thane", "code": "12903179", "title": "3 bus mishaps in Mumbai, Thane leave 6 injured", "text": "MUMBAI/THANE: Six persons were injured in three separate accidents involving public transport vehicles in Mumbai and Thane on Friday. In the first accident at Halav Pool in Kurla (W), a BEST bus on route no. 313 collided head-on with an auto around 5.30am.\"The auto driver, Umesh Kumar Brijpal (23), sustained an injury on the eyebrow, where he received two stitches, and also hurt his arm. He was taken to Sion hospital for treatment,\" said BEST public relations officer N A Walavalkar. Two bus passengers were also injured. \"One of them, Babban Dolas (55) was discharged after treatment. The second passenger, Leelabai Kalase (50) has been admitted to Sion hospital for severe leg injuries,\" Walavalkar said.In the second accident near Seepz in Andheri (E) at 12.20pm, a biker banged into a BEST bus he was trying to overtake. \"He was injured and rushed to a nursing home at Poonam Nagar in Andheri (E). No bus passenger was hurt,\" Walavalkar said. The biker, Chandrahas Gadkari (40), sustained injuries on the ears and shoulder.In an accident at Thane, two persons were injured when a speeding Thane Municipal Transport (TMT) bus rammed into two autorickshaws and a private car near the Majiwada junction. The injured needed stitches and were rushed to the hospital by the police.The Kapurbawdi police have arrested bus driver Srirang Sonu Bhatose and preliminary findings reveal that brake failure could be the reason for the accident. According to the police, Bhatose lost control over the bus.Police said the bus, which had passengers on board, also hit an electric pole and an MSEDCL feeder. TMT bus services are prone to frequent breakdowns due to mechanical faults. The bus driven by Bhatose on Friday could have been released from the depot without mandatory checking, resulting in the accident.\"The two persons injured in the accident are fortunate to have escaped with minor stitches. It would have been disastrous had the bus gone out of control in a busy area where people crowd the streets and sidewalks,'' a police official said. Cops were unable to get the names of the injured persons till late evening, but claimed that they were out of danger.A senior BEST official said, \"We have instituted an inquiry into both the accidents, especially the first one at Kurla, where we want to find out whether the driver was at fault in the collision.\" In April, there were six accidents involving BEST buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12903959", "title": "Activities missing in run-up to Rajya Sabha election", "text": "RANCHI: The usual hectic political activities are missing in the state even four days before the Rajya Sabha elections.Three candidates are in the fray and none of them has clear support of 27 members in the 80-member House (Hatia seat remains vacant). The three political parties who have fielded candidates have a small representation in the House but all are confident about winning the seat. The Congress has 13 MLAs while the BJP and the JMM have 18 members each.Lack of activities could be attributed to two apparent factors. On one hand, the CBI is investigating the alleged use of money power and horse trading of MLAs in the countermanded Rajya Sabha polls of March 30 forcing candidates to maintain low profile so that they do not come under scanner and on the other both the BJP and the Congress have decided to leave the matter of persuasion and convincing legislators on their respective central leadership.At a point in time when the JVM(P) has announced to abstain from election, all eyes are on the AJSU and independent MLAs who would be calling the shots. Understanding the crisis, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari has called chief minister Arjun Munda and his deputies Hemant Soren of JMM and Sudesh Mahato of AJSU to Delhi to hold final discussion on Monday. BJP spokesman Pradeep Sinha said though the party had not received official confirmation about this invitation, national general secretary Anant Kumar is likely to visit Jharkhand on Sunday to take stock of the situation. \"The BJP has hardened its stand and in response to the letter sent by Soren, our national president has reminded the JMM of the support extended to it during the Mandu assembly byelection,\" he said, adding that it was the turn of JMM now to uphold spirit of coalition politics.In a bid to shift the focus to Delhi, independent MLAs Bandhu Tirkey and Chamra Linda, instead of holding talks with the local Congress leaders, approached Prime Minister Manmohan Singh with their demand for Sarna code and assured supporting the party in Rajya Sabha elections.Lone MLA of CPI(ML) Vinod Singh, who has once again announced abstaining from the election, said under present circumstances chances of horse trading still prevail even if there are no independent candidates in the fray. \"No political party has the number and JVM's decision to abstain from election is going to indirectly benefit others,\" he said. \"The JVM had proposed a list of socially reputed non-partisan people but at the last moment they backed out despite the fact that the party had required nine MLAs to propose a candidate,\" he said.Expressing doubt on the JVM that it would abstain from poll process Singh said last-minute decisions can change the equation. \"In light of all these possibilities, I decided to stay away from the process even this time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12904012", "title": "Drive against unauthorised goat slaughter in open places", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy corporation's public health wing has launched a drive to monitor unauthorised slaughtering of goats. The drive against the law evaders was conducted under the supervision of city health officer Dr K C Cheran.Though the crackdown was to focus on unwholesome food served in the roadside eateries, particularly in and around the bus terminals, Cheran said he was concentrating on stalls that sell mutton without getting the mandatory dangerous and offensive licence.On the first day of the raid on Wednesday, Cheran and his team confiscated 51kg of mutton that was being sold without licence, nor the corporation veterinarian's seal that is normally affixed on the tail of the animal prior to its slaughter .Speaking to TOI on Friday, Cheran said that a minimum of 200 stalls within the corporation limits were involved in selling the meat after slaughtering the animals , right behind the congested shops.The slaughtering of goats in the open posed a health hazard. Cheran also said that most of the vendors did not even know the existence of the law. \"In the case of beef, though there is no ban to sell the meat, the vendors should specifically advertise that they are selling the same,\" said Cheran.The health officer also said a drive was conducted last year around the same time and the crackdown was being carried out from time to time. He confided that the crackdown could not be conducted in a sustained manner in the past due to some unwanted interference.The places that were covered during the drive included Pudukkottai Road, Subramaniapuram, Airport area, Wireless Road, LIC Colony and SIMCO Metre Road. The health officials also seized four gunny bags of contaminated edibles and snacks from a number of outlets in Trichy's Central bus stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12908842", "title": "Maj General Bajwa named Pak military's chief spokesman", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Maj Gen Asim Saleem Bajwa, a former commander of the 111 Brigade that has played a key role in past military coups, has been named the Pakistani military's new chief spokesman.Bajwa will take over as Director General of the Inter-Services Public Relations when Maj Gen Athar Abbas retires in June, media reports said.Bajwa was moved by army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani to the media arm after a stint as a commander at Wana in the insurgency-hit tribal belt.While serving as former army chief Pervez Musharraf's staff officer, Bajwa assisted the military ruler in writing his book \"In The Line of Fire.\"Bajwa was commissioned in March 1984 in the Punjab Regiment and has commanded 34 Punjab Regiment and 111 Brigade.His appointment as chief military spokesman was part of a reshuffle of several two-star Generals in the Pakistan army.Maj Gen Mazhar Jameel of the Pakistan Military Academy was appointed Vice Chief of General Staff while Maj Gen Sadiq Ali of the Armoured Division was appointed Commandant of the PMA.Maj Gen Nadir Zeb, chief of the Frontier Corps, was appointed the Director General of Human Resource Development while Maj Gen Asif Khattak was moved from the ISI in Quetta to Log Area in Gujranwala.Maj Gen Ghayyar Mehmood was named the new chief of the Frontier Corps.Maj Gen Farukh Bashir, General Officer Commanding of SSGC, was appointed head of the Defence Security Guards while Maj Gen Hidayatur Rehman was appointed GOC of 14 Division.Maj Gen Obaid Zikria was appointed Commandant of the EME College and Maj Gen Tariq Jawaid was named Vice Chief of Logistic Stocks.A second reshuffle, including the promotion of four Major Generals to the rank of Lieutenant General, is expected to take place next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904772", "title": "Six held in Rs 35 lakh robbery case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Six persons were arrested on Friday for allegedly robbing Rs 35 lakh from the employees of Steel Exchange of India (SEI) by introducing themselves as Task Force police a few days ago. One of the accused was a SEI employee.Punjagutta police said Ravi, Chota Nagesh, Bada Nagesh, Abhilash, Kadeer and Subhash were held when they landed in Hyderabad from Goa on Friday. Ravi was working as an attendant in SEI since the last six years.\"Ravi and Chota Nagesh are friends. Ravi informed the latter about the movement of cash from SEI branch office in Prashasan Nagar, Jubilee Hills, to its head office in Begumpet. Later, both of them with the help of the others hatched a plan to execute the robbery,\" Punjagutta detective inspector B Chauhan told TOI.On Monday, Ravi was travelling in an auto along with Dinesh and Rajesh, employees of SEI, with Rs 35 lakh cash. When the auto reached Srinagar Colony, the other five accused intercepted it and asked the passengers to show the bag by introducing themselves as Task Force police. They snatched the cash bag and fled the spot.After committing the crime, the accused left for Goa. Out of Rs 35 lakh, only Rs 32 lakh could be seized, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12904021", "title": "Angioplasty experts\u2019 meet begins", "text": "KOCHI: The three-day annual meet of the National Intervention Council, the association of angioplasty specialists, began here on Friday.The first day saw discussions on whether cardiac care in India needs to adopt an indigenous method. Experts presented papers on the type of stents to be used for Indian patients and the procedure that controls hypertension.There were deliberations on non-invasive surgeries. The latest modalities in angioplasty were also discussed. Live surgeries from several hospitals were telecast. The seminar will be formally inaugurated on Saturday by Dr Sasko Kedev, eminent cardiologist and politician from Macedonia.The coming two days will see discussions on MITRA clip procedure, cathlab retrievals, medical devices in interventional cardiology and Indian law and medical ethics.Around 1,300 cardiology experts from India and abroad attended the conference, organized by the Kerala chapter of the Cardiological Society of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12903693", "title": "IRCTC plans to start air ticket booking", "text": "PATNA: Divested of catering services, the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) is now focusing more on online ticket booking system across the country.Encouraged by sudden increase in the online ticket booking, the IRCTC has chalked out various steps to provide better services to its customers duly registered with its site www.irctc.co.in.According to a senior IRCTC official, the IRCTC has been making all possible efforts to expand its network in the private sector. \"Efforts are on to link our services to airline ticket booking operation, too,\" he said.The IRCTC official said that the railways online ticket reservation through the IRCTC site has increased to about 3,60,000 to 3,70,000 bookings per day now while it was hardly about 40,000 bookings per day in 2008. However, the IRCTC is likely to target about 7,50,000 bookings a day by 2015, he said.Confirming the sudden rush on the IRCTC site for ticket booking either online or through SMS system, IRCTC MD Rakesh Tandon said that the IRCTC has meticulously planned to cope with the rush of customers on its site. \"The IRCTC has managed to maintain its lead position in the domestic travel ticket bookings. But it is keen to make its portal a 'one stop shop' for planning tours and other services required by passengers while undertaking journey ,\" he said.According to sources, the IRCTC which is a wing of the Indian Railways, has already become an agent of the International Air Transport Association (IATA). The IRCTC has tied up with Air India and Jet Airways to provide services to an elite class of passengers, sources said.According to an IRCTC official, the IRCTC ticket business accounts for about 40 percent of the total revenue of the corporation which is about Rs 550 crore annually. However, one of the major initiatives in reaching the goal would be to make fast bucks through SMS ticket booking service like online ticket booking system. The IRCTC is also planning to reduce the payment transaction time which is about 1.5 to 2.5 minutes per ticket booking online. The failure rate at the transaction stage is said to be about 20 to 25 percent only. But in the case of certain banks, the failure rate goes up to even 40 percent due to lack of 'state-of-the-art' arrangement between the IRCTC and a few banks, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12903205", "title": "26/11 brains must be brought to justice, UN chief says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Without naming Pakistan , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said on Friday that terrorism has \"unfortunately'' become a trans-border crime and expressed hope that the perpetrators of the 26/11 Mumbai attacks would be brought to justice at the earliest. Government sources said that terrorism was one of the main issues discussed in Ban's extended meeting with foreign minister S M Krishna and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .Sources said that Krishna sought to keep the focus on terrorism in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region during his talks with Ban. Later, in an interaction with journalists, the secretary general said that terrorism cannot be justified under any circumstances.\"India was targeted in the case of Mumbai attacks and I hope the perpetrators are brought to justice as soon as possible,'' said Ban, adding that the two countries seemed to be discussing the matter seriously. \"The international community must be united in handling the issue as terrorism has become a trans-border crime unfortunately,'' he said.Ban also said that he was pleased with the continued efforts to improve the relations between India and Pakistan. \"This has a broader significance for the region and for global peace. \"I realize there are many outstanding issues but I encourage leaders of both the countries to persist with these efforts,\" Ban said.While admitting that Afghanistan was discussed, especially the likely security scenario after ISAF withdrawal by 2014, Ban said that the situation in the country was alarming. \"After the recent attacks by Taliban in Kabul and other cities, there is a strong sense of alarm. I am sure the Nato summit in Chicago next month will discuss whether the troop withdrawal by 2014 lead to enough security for the people of Afghanistan,'' he said.He also called up ISAF forces to strengthen Afghanistan police before they leave the war-torn nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12905557", "title": "Sikhs in Shimla threaten stir over turban issue", "text": "SHIMLA: Sikhs in Shimla are on a warpath over the turban issue that has rocked the city recently. Members of the community protesting the admonishing of a student for wearing turban to school have threatened an agitation if talks with the district administration, slated for Saturday, fails.On Thursday, members of the Gurdwara Sri Guru Singh Sabha - a Sikh organization -- submitted a complaint to deputy commissioner Omkar Sharma. President of the group, Jaswinder Singh had complained that a student of standard XI of St Edwards School here was asked to leave the class for wearing a turban.While the incident happened in the beginning of the academic session, Singh said that they protested only after the school management did not heed their request to allow the boy to wear a turban.Jaswinder Singh alleged the school principal, Father John Bosco, asked the boy, a student of standard XI, to leave the classroom for having the turban on. He was asked to wear a 'patka' instead. The boy has been attending school in a 'patka' since then.ADM (law and order) NK Lath has called for a meeting between sabha members and the school authorities on Saturday to find out a solution.\"The principal has asked parents of the boy to send an application, seeking permission to wear a turban in school,\" said Singh.\"Wearing the turban is a our right and not allowing this has hurt our sentiments. We will begin an agitation from Sunday if the issue is not resolved on Saturday and the boy is not allowed to wear turban,\" he added.Meanwhile principal of the school Fr John Bosco while speaking to TOI said,\"There has been no controversy over wearing of turban. We had asked for an application from the parents of the boy seeking permission. It was done to ensure that religious sentiments are not hurt in case the turban fell off his head while playing. We had simply asked for this application, after which he could have worn a turban,\" said Father Bosco.\"The district administration has reported the matter to the police and both the school authorities and the members of the Sikh body will meet me on Saturday,\" said Lath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12905287", "title": "BSNL exchange fire a wake-up call for Bhopal Municipal Corporation", "text": "BHOPAL: The recent incident of fire in the BSNL exchange has turned out to be an eye opener for the city residents and the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) that relies on six stations to fight fire in a city of over eighteen lakh people.The city every year sees around 1,500 incidents of fire-big and small. Fortunately, in the recent past, there were only a few incidents of fire in multi-storeyed. When the BMC carried out an exercise to check on fire safety system in high-rises in the wake of BSNL fire, it was shocked.Almost in all high-rise buildings, the fire fighting system is not found functioning.\"The systems were not working because of lack of maintenance. They were not maintained because there were no incidents of fire in the building. Still, law says that they should be maintained on a regular basis,\" say BMC officials.\"We have issued notice to building owners,\" Sajid Khan, assistant fire officer told TOI. \"If they fail to install fire security equipment, we will take strict actions under the article 354 of the Madhya Pradesh Municipal Corporation Act 1956,\" he added.According to BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava, \"Article 354 of the MP Municipal Corporation Act 1956 says that the BMC officials are empowered to take action if any one fails to follow officers' instructions keeping in view safety and security of residents.\"\"The corporation will also seek help from other departments and appeal to the state to cancel building permission of buildings which failed to install fire safety system,\" the commissioner added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12903346", "title": "Rajasthan to launch programme to reduce mortality rate", "text": "JAIPUR: Jhpiego, a non-profit organization affiliated with the John Hopkins University , USA, will provide assistance to the state government to bring down the infant mortality rate (IMR) and maternal mortality ratio (MMR).In this regard, the state government signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Jhpiego on Friday to launch 'Safe childbirth checklist' programme to improve the quality of maternal and new born care in Rajasthan.Rajasthan has high IMR and MMR compared to national average. As per the Sample Registration Survey (2007-09), the state recorded 318 per1 lakh live births against a national average of 212 per 1lakh live births.Principal health secretary BN Sharma said, \"Various measures are being taken to reduce the MMR and IMR in the state, and this programme is one of them.\"It will be launched in primary health centres, community health centres and district hospitals. Director, family welfare, Dr PK Sarda said, \"The programme will focus on training the medical staff so that they are better equipped to ensure safe institutional deliveries.\"While Jhpiego will provide the technical assistance, the Children's Investment Fund Foundation (CIFF) will fund the project, said Kailash Saran, state programme manager.A technical committee consisting officials of UNICEF , UNFPA, WHO, Jhpiego, CIFF and state government will select 10 districts with low health indicators to launch the programme.Saran said the programme will improve the quality of medical services. Since the government is providing best resources, the programme would guide the medical staff so that they could make optimum use of state government resources for better health care services.He said that WHO has developed the check list to safe mother's (pregnant women) life during and after deliveries. Till June, officials will assess the shortcomings in these10 districts, following which the programme will be launched.After reviewing the effectiveness of the programme for two years, the officials said they would take a call on implementing it in other districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12903172", "title": "Woman alleges gang rape in Dausa district", "text": "JAIPUR: A married woman has alleged that she was kept in confinement for three days and repeatedly gang raped by three men in Golva police station area of Dausa district. The police have registered an FIR on Friday, and are investigating the case.According to the police, the woman is a resident of Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh.\"She claims that she was travelling by Marudhar Express and was on her way to Jaipur to visit her aunt when she was lured by three men to accompany them to a nearby village,\" said a police officer.The woman has identified two of the three men who allegedly coaxed her to come with them to a nearby village called Kalota. The two men are Sonu, a railway sanitation employee, and his brother-in-law Mahendra alias Dabbu.\"She says that Sonu lured her into coming to his house in Kalota village where she was kept in a room. She alleges that the trio raped her repeatedly,\" the officer said. The woman somehow managed to escape after three days, and approached the Golva police station.\"After lodging the case, a medical examination has been conducted. The woman's statement has been recorded, and a search for the accused is on,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12904657", "title": "Teenager exploited by relative", "text": "A 14-year-old girl was physically exploited by her distant relative near her residence in Chandimandir, Panchkula, on Thursday.The 19-year-old accused, Prince, is absconding and a case was registered at police station in Chandimandir.In his complaint to police, father of the victim stated that his daughter was on her way to a nearby shop when accused lured her to his house and exploited her.The medical examination of the victim confirmed rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12907910", "title": "Bangaru Laxman sentenced to 4 years jail in fictitious arms deal case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former BJP president Bangaru Laxman was sentenced today to four years in jail by a Delhi court for taking a bribe of Rs one lakh in a fictitious arms deal case 11 years ago.Additional Sessions Judge Kanwal Jeet Arora sentenced 72-year-old Bangaru, also a former Union minister, holding him guilty of taking the bribe from fake arms dealers to recommend to the defence ministry to award them a contract to supply thermal binoculars to the Army.The court awarded him the prison term, rejecting his plea for leniency and ordered that he be taken in custody to serve the sentence.The court also imposed a fine of Rs one lakh on Bangaru, who had been caught on camera accepting the money in his chamber in the party headquarters and had to quit as its president shortly after the sting expose which had created a huge political storm.\"Balancing the twin interest of society and that of the convict, I am of the opinion that interest of justice would be met, if the convict is sentenced to undergo rigorous imprisonment for a term of four years and to pay a fine of Rs one lakh for the offence under Section 9 of the Prevention of Corruption Act,\" the judge said.\"It is often said that the accomplice of the crime of corruption is generally our own indifference. 'Sab chalta hai' syndrome has led us to the present situation, where we are, where nothing moves without an illegal consideration. People are forced to pay for getting even the right things done at right time,\" he added.The judge, in his 14-page order on quantum of the sentence, said it is time to \"shun\" the \"sab chalta hai\" (It's OK, whatsoever!) attitude and courts should deal strictly with persons found guilty of corruption.\"It is right time to shun this attitude. When Parliament, taking note of the grim situation, has taken first step to sternly deal with such persons by increasing the quantum of punishment which can be imposed, it is the turn of the court to follow suit, so as to implement the will and intention of the legislature by interpreting the provisions of the PC Act as per the dictates of the apex court,\" the judge said.\"The problem of large-scale and rampant corruption, more particularly, the political corruption is weakening the political body and damaging the supreme importance of the law, governing the society,\"\"The wisdom in the saying 'crime never pays' is belied by the factual realities of the day. The crime scenario in our country is distressingly disturbing as it has shattered hopes of both the plebeian and intellectual society about a possible rejuvenation of a value-based society,\" the judge said.The court had on Friday convicted Bangaru observing that the CBI had established the case of accepting Rs one lakh bribe against him.\"Accused Bangaru Laxman stands convicted for the offence under Section 9 (taking gratification for exercise of personal influence with public servant) of the Prevention of Corruption Act,\" the judge had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12909075", "title": "Ricky Martin nominated for award for 'Evita' role", "text": "Singer and actor Ricky Martin was nominated Friday for a Drama Desk Award in the category of Outstanding Actor in a Musical, for his role in the current Broadway revival of \"Evita\".\"Thank u! What a way 2 srt my day!,\" the star said on Twitter.Martin will compete for the prestigious prize with Raul Esparza for \"Leap of Faith\", Danny Burstein for \"Follies\", Kevin Earley for \"Death Takes a Holiday\", Jeremy Jordan for \"Newsies The Musical\" and Norm Lewis for \"The Gershwins' Porgy and Bess\".\"Evita\" also had another three nominations in the categories of Outstanding Revival of a Musical, Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical - Michael Cerveris , for his role as Gen. Juan Peron - and Outstanding Choreography.The Puerto Rican has put his successful musical career on hold to concentrate on his return to the Broadway stage, where he debuted in 1995 as a supporting actor in \"Los Miserables\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903503", "title": "Gujarat high court admits appeals of state, special investigation team in Sardarpura massacre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday admitted appeals filed by the state government and the special investigation team (SIT) against a special court's decision to acquit 31 persons in Sardarpura massacre case of 2002 riots.A bench of justices Jayant Patel and Paresh Upadhyay admitted the appeals against acquittals and asked those acquitted to pay bail bond of Rs 10,000 and surrender their passports. They were also prohibited from leaving the borders of Gujarat.The HC has adjourned the appeals filed by witnesses challenging the acquittals. Witnesses had challenged the acquittal order for 14 accused, claiming that evidence was found against them and there was a need for judicial review.On November 9 last year, a special court in Mehsana convicted 31 persons and acquitted 42 others in connection with killing of 33 Muslims in Sardarpura village of Mehsana district on March 1, 2002.Out of 42, eleven persons were acquitted because court did not find any evidence against them.Soon after the Gujarat government challenged the acquittal order in the Sardarpura massacre case, the Supreme Court-appointed SIT followed suit.Meanwhile, some of the victims in the Sardarpura case have also challenged the trial court's order of acquittal, but their plea was limited to the case of 14 accused persons.They claim that there was evidence against those 14 persons, yet they were acquitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908069", "title": "Advanced Placement Programmes", "text": "Earn foreign university credits, while in school, right here in KolkataKOLKATA: Before heading to USA, Canada, UK, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore or Germany for undergraduate studies learn about the Advanced Placement (AP) programme by College Board, the same organisation that administers the SAT ( Scholastic Aptitude Test) test.AP allows students to take university-level courses in their high schools. With AP, students can earn university credits, stand out in the admission process and get advanced placements. Most universities in USA, Canada, UK, Australia, and New Zealand and in more than 60 other countries give students credits, advanced placements or both on the basis of the AP exam scores.By entering the university with AP credits students graduate up to a year earlier, and thus save time and money (up to Rs 25 lakh). They have the time to move into upper level courses and pursue a double-major. Students also increase their chances of getting scholarships, and get admission to the most selected universities in the world.AP offers 34 courses to choose from which includes Art, History, Economics, Psychology and Spanish Language and Culture. Each May, more than 19 lakhs students from Class X, XI and XII plan to pursue studies in US/Canada/UK/Australia and they take more than 34 lakhs AP exams. Now students in Kolkata have the same opportunity.\"One of the best standard predictors of academic success at Harvard is performance on Advanced Placement Examinations,\" said William R Fitzsimmons, dean of admissions, Harvard University .AP Guru, the first and only College Board approved educational institute in India, offer AP coaching open to all students and have tied up with schools in Mumbai, Ahmadabad and Delhi to facilitate AP exams.Rishabh Singhania, partner at AP Guru Kolkata says, \"The mission of AP Guru is to provide high quality education through a combination of leading faculty and innovative use of technology.\"If interested in the AP exams in Kolkata, students can visit www.apguru.com for further assistance.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12903594", "title": "Ridiculed for not being able to cope", "text": "CHENNAI: Born to parents who are labourers in a village near Salem, K Gopal is the first from his family to finish school. But for the 19-year-old civil engineering student, who topped the Tamil-medium school in his village, graduating from college is still a distant dream.An inferiority complex that stems from being unable to match their colleagues in professional colleges is pushing many first-generation learners to quit or in extreme cases, even end their lives, say experts. According to Velicham, an NGO working with first-generation learners, more than 700 students approached its helpline in distress over the last 10 months.\"These are students who do very well in school and get into engineering or medical colleges but are unable to cope, especially due the English language barrier,\" says D Sherin, Velicham founder-president. \"80% of these students say they feel ridiculed by their mates because of their bad English. The rest say they are looked down upon because of the colour of their skin, financial and family background and even dress.\"Some say that although every class has many students from Tamil-medium schools, little is done to ensure they are able to cope. \"We don't understand anything in class and we have to approach the teachers after every class and ask them to re-explain the concepts to us. Very few teachers take the interest and give us extra attention,\" says Gopal. Seventy of the 150 students in his class at the Government Engineering College in Salem are from Tamil medium schools. \"Almost all Tamil-medium students get arrears in the first year and it gives the rest of the class another reason to look down upon us,\" he says.Students say that many first-generation learners, who are unable to understand even simple terms, lose interest and try to pass the examination by mugging up the answers. \"Many are not even able to recognize terms like 'frequency' in Physics, or write a simple sentence in English in the exam,\" says K Sumathi, an ECE student at Velammal Engineering College. Twenty of the 150 students in her class belong to Tamil-medium schools. \"Sometimes, the teachers also ridicule them by reading out their papers aloud in class and chide them for not being able to write properly,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902498", "title": "'Separate trial against absconding suspect'", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution in the rape and murder case of software engineer Nayana Pujari on Friday filed a plea to split the trial against absconding suspect Yogesh Raut, who had escaped from police custody from the Sassoon general hospital on September 17.Principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar on March 5 issued a non-bailable warrant against Raut, but the Yerawada police could not execute the warrant since his whereabouts were not known. On a plea filed by the prosecution, Badar on March 20 issued a notice to declare Raut a proclaimed offender and gave him 30 days to surrender, but he did not turn up.Special public prosecutor Harshad Nimbalkar when the case came up for hearing on Friday filed a plea to split the trial against Raut and proceed against arrested suspects Mahesh Thakur and Vishwas Kadam. Another suspect, Rajesh Chaudhary, has turned approver in the case.Nimbalkar, assisted by junior lawyer Sachin Thombare, had examined four witnesses in the case, but the trial that had picked up momentum has come to a stand still since Raut's escape.The Pune police had constituted a special team to arrest Raut and had conducted searches at his residence at Golegaon in Khed and other places, but he continues to evade arrest.Meanwhile, the hearing in the case was deferred till May 19.Pujari was an employee of Synechron, a software company at Kharadi. She was found raped and murdered in the Zarewadi forest area of Rajgurunagar in Khed, about 50 km from here, on October 8, 2009.The suspects had entered a criminal conspiracy and kidnapped Pujari from a bus stop on Kharadi-Mundhwa bypass on the pretext of giving her a lift to Hadapsar and had gangraped her. Using her debit card, the suspects had also withdrawn Rs 61,000 from ATMs at Khadki, Kalyaninagar and Vimannagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12903883", "title": "Deputy CM asks commercial tax officials to meet revenue target", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on Friday directed senior commercial taxes department officials to prepare a prepare a plan to attain the revenue collection target of Rs 10,500 crore in the current financial year.Chairing a high-level meeting on Friday, Modi expressed satisfaction at 99.5 per cent collection of taxes to the tune of Rs 8,458 crore against a target of Rs 8,530 crore in the 2011-2012 financial year.The meeting decided to complete computerization of commercial taxes department and implementation of the filing of e-return, e-registration, e-payment, use of e-form, e-notice, e-audit and e-reimbursement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12905518", "title": "Vij seeks fresh board of doctors to examine him", "text": "JALANDHAR: Despite being referred by a board of doctors at Civil Hospital, Jalandhar, to a medical college in Amritsar for further investigations and treatment, Industrialist Shital Vij managed to stay at the Civil Hospital by moving a fresh application in the evening, stating that he was suffering from mental agony and should be examined by a new board having a psychiatrist also.Vij was referred to the medical college after he complained that his problems existed as such despite the treatment. Senior medical officer and medicine specialist Dr G S Pawar, who headed the earlier board, said they had discharged Vij at around 1 pm as he had been saying that his chest pain and problem of ulcerative colitis persisting.\"Our investigations here did not reflect much. We referred him to Amritsar for further investigations and treatment, where apart from superior diagnostic machines, cardiologists and gastro-entrologists are also available,\" he said. It is learnt that an ultrasound scanning was also done on him, which did not show any major problem in his gut. It is learnt that after this application, the MS constituted a new board which would examine him further.Vij was arrested by the police in the evening of April 16 and after a week-long police remand he was remanded to judicial custody on April 23. However, he complained of various problems after which during medical examination he was admitted to the Civil Hospital and in place of prisoners' ward was kept in a private room. Police even controlled access to the entire area where his room is located.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12903928", "title": "Fever toll rises to three in Kadayanallur", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: With another two deaths in the last two days, the toll has gone up to three in Kadayanallur region, with victims succumbing to a 'mystery fever' as claimed by local people.Raheema (37), wife of Abdul Majeed from Kadayanallur, was the first case after she succumbed to the 'mystery fever' on April 17. But health officials termed it as due to hypertension with cerebral haemorrhage.S Chandru (5), son of Suresh from Kadayanallur, succumbed to fever on Wednesday and another 10-month-old child Tasreen, daughter of Thurab Shaw, died on Thursday. Though the baby died due to diarrhoea, local people panicking over the outbreak termed it as another fever case in the region. Health officials said only Chandru's case was due to dengue and the other child died due to diarrhoea and dehydration. However, people are not ready to believe the health officials as many succumbed to fever in previous years with dengue becoming endemic in the region.S Sulaiman from Kadayanallur said more than 100 people in the region were down with fever. \"While affluent people take the sick to big hospitals in Tirunelveli, poor people who are not able to afford costly treatment are succumbing to fever,\" he pointed out. \"Most of the poor people resort to Kadayanallur Government Hospital or private clinics. Hence we need a full-fledged facility in GH to cater to dengue-related cases,\" he said. S K Muthukrishnan, a municipal councillor, alleged that the municipality was not taking adequate measures on sanitation works. \"It has been months since the corporation chlorinated drinking water, and after a lot of pressure, the overhead tank cover was fixed. Mosquito menace is a great problem in the municipality. We are going to take these issues up with the local minister,\" he said. Besides dengue, there are also many cases of typhoid due to poor drinking water facilities, he added.Deputy director of health Meeran Mohaideen maintained that the situation was under control and the health department had initiated various precautionary measures in the region. Out of three cases, only the boy Chandru died of dengue and other cases are not fever-related, he said. \"We have started intense fogging operations and anti-larval operations in the region. Blood samples were taken and four out of six were confirmed as dengue. We are awaiting results on another five samples. Dengue has become endemic in the region and we are carrying out necessary measures to control the mosquito menace. Medical surveillance is in place and the situation is under control,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12911527", "title": "Model Aparna Sharma arrested for rash driving", "text": "MUMBAI: Model and ex-Miss India contestant Aparna Sharma was arrested in a case of alleged rash driving in which a couple was injured here early this morning , police said on Saturday.The model was later granted bail. Sharma was driving her Maruti SX4 car at a \"very high speed\" in Lokhandwala area in suburbs at about 1 am and lost control over her vehicle and rammed it into a moving Honda City car, a motorcycle and a parked auto-rickshaw, they said.A couple travelling in the Honda City car suffered minor injures, police said, adding that she was arrested immediately and later granted bail after furnishing a personal bond of Rs 10,000. Her blood sample was sent for medical examination and the report suggested that she was not under the influence of alcohol, police.Sharma has been booked under Sections 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way), 427 (mischief causing damage) and 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of IPC, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12903152", "title": "Encroachers manhandle Nagpur Municipal Corporation squad members", "text": "NAGPUR: The anti-encroachment drive being carried out by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) took an ugly turn on Friday when an encroacher along with his neighbours pushed around NMC staffers including enforcement superintendent Maroti Ninawe.Sources said that NMC along with the demolition squad had gone to Golibar Square around 11 am. After razing a few encroachments on the footpath, the squad told Anil Murkute that the stairs he had constructed on footpath were illegal and would be demolished.Murkute runs a scrap shop in his house. He opposed the action and summoned his neighbours. The mob then threatened NMC officials, including Ninawe, with dire consequences. When NMC staffers refused to relent. they pushed them around.The squad members went away and sought protection from Kotwali Police. When the squad returned with a large police contingent, Murkute's neighbours did not come to his rescue and the stairs were razed.NMC later carried out anti-encroachment operations in Maskasath Craddock Road to Marwadi Square areas and removed the encroachments done by traders of general provisions, edible oil and other material on the footpath.The squad seized five trucks material and one truck sand that had been kept on footpath by some shopkeepers who were expanding their establishments. Some 130 encroachments were removed on Friday. Municipal commissioner Sanjiv Jaiswal and assistant deputy municipal commissioner (ADMC) Ravindra Kumbhare personally supervised the operations. Forty NMC staffers and 50 police officials under personal supervision of police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay participated in the operation.This is one of the largest anti-encroachment drives undertaken by NMC. On Thursday, a large number of encroachments on Central Bazar Road, Ramdaspeth, were removed. The footpath in front of Hotel Centre Point was dug up as it was being illegally used by the hotel for its own use. The stairs of Hotel Chidambara were demolished.Action against such big establishments has sent shockwaves among business community of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12902527", "title": "Speed governor to cost Rs 10,000", "text": "NASHIK: Commercial vehicle owners will have to shell out roughly Rs 10,000 per vehicle for the purpose of installing speed governors within their vehicles.Starting from May 1, speed governors will be made mandatory for all new commercial vehicles, failing which they will not be deemed eligible for the fitness certificate given by the Regional Transport Officer (RTO).According to RTO officials, only those speed governors that are approved by Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI), a research institute of the automotive industry with the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises, Government of India, can be fitted in the vehicles. Last month, the state decided to make speed governors mandatory for school buses, tankers, dumpers and goods vehicles covered for national permit.The concept of a speed governor is to limit the speed of the vehicle. For example, if speed is set at 50 km/hour, the vehicle will not pick up speed above 50 kmp and will come to a halt if there is an attempt to exceed this limit.According to RTO officials, the maximum limit for commercial/transport vehicles would be 65 kmph. In case one tampers with the gadget in their vehicle, the vehicle will automatically go in limp-in mode thereby reducing the speed to 25 to 30 kmph.The gadgets will be fitted in school buses from May 1, 2012 for newly registered buses while school buses registered before April 30, will have the gadgets fitted in at the time of issuance of fitness certificate after May 1 but before September 2012.For new tanker/ dumper registrations, the date for fitting speed governors is July 1, 2012.Commerical vehicles registered before June 30, will have to get installation done at the time of renewal of fitness certificates due after July 1, 2012 but before July 1, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908456", "title": "Ram Charan wishes NTR Jr", "text": "Ram Charan and NTR Jr many be competitors on screen but the two have shared a cordial relationship off it. Ram Charan is busy shooting for Zanjeer but he made it a point to convey his wishes to his friend, NTR through his micro blogging site. \"Wishing my good friends Tarak and Trisha . . . all the best. I heard reports that Tarak's performance in the movie was very intense. Great going guys, can't wait to see the film,\" said Ram Charan. The young actors sure are setting the right example for their fans to follow. Perhaps their over zealous fans can take a leaf out of these young actors books. Hopefully they are listening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12904409", "title": "Motorbike-borne thieves have field day in port town", "text": "VASCO: Bike-borne thieves had a field day in Vasco on Friday, with strikes at three different places.The first was at 10am, when Dabolim-resident Radha Mohan Pillai, 42, was on her way to work at Anand Towers, Chicalim.Stopped by two men on a bike, the duo showed her their Goa police identities and warned her against wearing her gold chain as there were fake cops around.They then helped her remove her chain and put the same in her bag in her presence, states Pillai's police complaint.On reaching the office, Pillai recounted the incident to her colleagues, but on checking her purse realized her 21gm gold chain worth 65,000 was missing. A case of impersonation and cheating has been registered.In the second incident, a bag containing 5 lakh in cash was stolen from the parked car of Danny George.The 50-year-old Vasco resident is a contractor and had gone to the Garrison Engineering Naval Work at Shantinagar at about 1pm.Parking his Alto outside the premises, he returned 10 minutes later to find the front passenger window open and the bag missing.Police said, \"George said he had noticed a motorcyclist near the car before the incident occurred.\" A theft case has been registered.In the third incident, police told TOI that a woman came to the station claiming her chain had been snatched by two bike-borne thieves at 10.30am at St Teresa's School, Mangor. While the rider was wearing a helmet, the pillion rider snatched the chain, she told police.Police said the woman however did not file a complaint and a case has therefore not been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/ keonjhar", "code": "12903857", "title": "Rights body faults Southco for boy's death", "text": "Bhubaneswar/ Keonjhar: The Odisha Human Rights Commission (OHRC) recently asked power distribution major Southern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Limited (Southco) to pay Rs 1.5 lakh compensation to the family of a minor boy, who was electrocuted in 2010.OHRC found gross negligence with Southco and asked its chief executive officer to pay the compensation within six weeks. The order was delivered on April 23.Class VIII student B Upendra died after coming in contact with a high tension line on his school premises at Upalapada in Gajapati district on June 24, 2010. \"The live wire was hanging precariously on school premises. Southco showed little interest to remove the live wire,\" OHRC registrar C R Mohapatra told media persons here on Friday.Soon after Upendra's tragic death, human rights activist R K Tripathy had moved the commission seeking compensation from Southco, sources said.Meanwhile, a 27-year-old youth died of electric shock after coming in contact with an electric wire at a village in Keonjhar district. The deceased was identified as Ganeswar Sethy of Saraskela village in Sadar police station area.According to sources, many trees were uprooted in the area due to gusty winds on Thursday night. An electric wire passing through the village also snapped in the storm and fell on the ground. When Rankanidhi Sethy, the deceased's father went out of his house to attend to the call of nature, he got a shock after coming in contact with the wire and shouted for help. His wife rushed out and also suffered an electric shock. His parents' shout for help woke Ganeswar up and he went out to see what was wrong. While rescuing his parents Ganeswar was electrocuted and died on the spot.Tension mounted in the village after the incident. An electric department official and police went to the spot on Friday to investigate the incident. The electric department official assured family members of the deceased of adequate compensation.\"Postmortem of the body was conducted after registering a case in police station. Investigation is on,\" said a police officer of Sadar police station.Earlier on Wednesday, a tribal student of Kadakala high school also died due to electrocution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12903555", "title": "AIEEE: 11 lakh students to appear the test", "text": "CHENNAI: With more than 11 lakh students set to take the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) this Sunday, the test remains the leading competitive examination for admission to professional undergraduate courses in the country. But, figures show that entrance examinations conducted by private and deemed universities are also gaining popularity.VIT Engineering Entrance Examination has the most takers this year at 1.5 lakh. SRM University expects 1 lakh students to take the engineering entrance test this year. Applications for the entrance tests offered by Manipal University, one of the biggest campuses in the country, has crossed last year's figure of 96,000, with four candidates vying for one engineering seat in the Manipal and Mangalore campuses of the university. At Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham University, 30,000 students have applied for admission to engineering courses.Though some institutions, conducting their own entrance test, also accept AIEEE scores or those of common entrance tests conducted in the respective states, many students apply for both entrance tests. \"Students stand a better chance of getting a seat through our entrance test than through AIEEE, because 85% of our admission is based on how the candidate has scored in our test, while they have to compete with a lot more students who have taken the AIEEE test for 15% of the seats,\" said A K Balakrishnan Nair, chairman of the engineering entrance exams at Amrita University. No wonder then that there is a 10% increase in the number of applications received by the university in 2012 when compared with last year.Students said convenience and access to information were advantages to taking the entrance test conducted by private universities. \"Most private or deemed universities have live chats or a call centre to address our queries. We can't afford to take a risk because we don't have enough information on where the scores are accepted or what is the weightage,\" said K Anand, a Class 12 student of a city school, who has applied for five engineering entrance tests. He says that he will also sit for the single window counselling system through which students are admitted to engineering colleges in the state.Private institutions assert that if the college is good enough students would flock. \"We only accept the scores of our entrance tests. One advantage is that a top scorer stands a good chance of getting a scholarship or a sponsorship. We also facilitate spot education loans on all the counselling days at the university,\" said dean of admissions at SRM University R Muthusubramaniam.The number of applicants for the AIEEE has increased by around 50,000 when compared to last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12905913", "title": "High court rejects suspended Inspector General\u2019s bail plea in Dara case", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Friday rejected the bail application of suspended Inspector General A Ponnuchami, who is currently in judicial custody at the Jaipur Central Jail for his alleged involvement in the Dara Singh encounter case.The court, however, pulled up the CBI for not informing the state government about making notorious criminals Veer Singh and Tilia prosecution witnesses in the case and recording their statements before a magistrate under Section 164 of CrPC.Justice Mahesh Sharma rejected the bail plea and directed CBI officer Subhash Kundu and attorney general GS Bapna to inform the state government about these two prosecution witnesses.\"The court said after the material witnesses are done with testifying in the case, the accused can move bail applications in the district session court,\" Ponnuchami's advocate AK Jain told TOI.In the Dara Singh case trial, statement of 19 witnesses - Om Prakash, Kusum Lata Meena, Kaluram Meena, Vijay Singh, Soran Singh, Kailash Narain, Krishna Kumar, Ram Kishore, Mukut Bihari Chouhan, Rohit Kumar Singh, Bhanwar Lal, Hari Ram Meena, Vishnu Kumar Gour, Milan Kumar Johia, Sushil Sharma, Virendra Pal, Vishal Singh, Yogendra, Ajit Singh have been recorded. The CBI has named 254 witnesses.\"The court asked the CBI to record the statement of remaining material witnesses. The court said after material witnesses' statements are recorded, the accused men would be able to move bail applications in the court of district and session judge, Jaipur district,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12903714", "title": "Centre stands by Kerala on Enrica", "text": "KOCHI: The steps taken by Kerala government in the Enrica Lexie case were lawful and the issue of releasing the ship is a matter between Kerala government and the ship's owners, the central government submitted to the Supreme Court on Friday.When the petition seeking release of the ship came up for hearing on Friday, state government's counsel submitted that Kerala government has the right to try the Italian marines accused of shooting the fishermen dead as the incident took place on an Indian boat.The submission for the state government was made by advocate MT George, who appeared in the case after obtaining special permission from the court. The state government has also submitted that a minimum of Rs 3 crore should be ordered to be furnished as bank guarantee and the vessel shouldn't be allowed to be released on an agreement executed on stamp paper worth Rs 50.When the case came up for hearing last week, additional solicitor general Harin Raval had told the court that he doubts whether Kerala police has jurisdiction over the Italian ship as it was in international waters when marines guarding it fired at an Indian fishing boat. This stand had created a controversy with the Kerala government formally demanding Raval's removal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12903881", "title": "State cops restart anti-Red operations", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Breathing easy after the twin hostage crisis ended with legislator Jhina Hikaka's release on Thursday, police on Friday raided a camp belonging to the Sabyasachi Panda faction of CPI (Maoist) in Ganjam district's Sorada area.Securitymen engaged in an encounter with the Panda-led Odisha State Organizing Committee, a day after Maoists freed Hikaka at Balipeta in Koraput district's Narayanpatna area. Two women rebels had engaged some locals to carry a generator and rice bags when police swooped on them, police sources said, adding, exchange of fire took place close to the Maoist camp. \"We are not sure about casualty or injury to the extremists, but we have seized the generator and some other items,\" a police officer said.Police bosses said they are planning to mount an all-out offensive against Maoists, especially in Koraput and Kandhamal districts where the Red rebels had resorted to high-profile kidnappings. Police sources said they lost valuable time due to the hostage drama in Kandhamal, where the Panda group had abducted two Italians, Claudio Colangelo and Bosusco Paolo, on March 14, and Narayanpatna area of Koraput, from where the Andhra-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) had taken Hikaka hostage on March 23 night. \"With the hostages having walked out of Maoist clutches, we are going to step up operations to quell extremist activities,\" a senior cop said.DGP Manmohan Praharaj was tightlipped on the issue, saying, \"We will do whatever best we can under the circumstances.\"Security personnel were lying low since mid-March following the abduction of the foreigners, with the central para-military forces forced to remain inside their camps most of the time. \"Patrolling and combing operations would now be intensified,\" a police source said, adding, \"While the heat is being turned on Panda and his followers, it would some time to clear land mines planted by extremists in and around Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon areas before offensives are launched against AOBSZC and their affiliates,\" a police officer disclosed.Sources said police in Kandhamal had since the past few days resumed their operations, compelling the Panda group to move to parts of Sorada in Ganjam. Security bosses said during the past few months they had succeeded in jolting the Maoist movement in the state by arresting hardcore Maoists such as Duna Keshava Rao alias Azad, Girish Mahato, Cheda Bhusanam alias Ghasi, Shatrugna Biswal alias Mangu. Besides, extremists considered close to Panda such as Prakash Behera and his wife Sabitra Biswal, Toofan Sahu, Rita and Sangeet Pradhan surrendered to police. \"We had gained the upper hand. But with the hostage crisis they demoralized the forces and also arm-twisted the government to announce release of 27 of their jailed people. We have to regain the psychological edge by successfully undertaking some offensives against them,\" a cop explained.Police sources said the period between January and May are suitable for launching operations as the trees shed leaves in the forests and the water sources dry up. Consequently, the guerillas have limited areas to move around and can be found close to big water bodies. \"The hostage crisis had put us on the defensive, but from now on we will strive hard to make up for lost time,\" the cop added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12904364", "title": "HC raps families of Enrica victims", "text": "KOCHI: Dependents of the victims of Enrica Lexie shooting incident were criticized by the Kerala HC on Friday when they tried to withdraw their petitions against the Italian marines following settlement of compensation claims with the Italian government.Fishermen Valentine Jelestine and Ajeesh Pink had died when the fishing boat they were in was allegedly shot at by Italian marines onboard Enrica Lexie on February 15. Earlier this week, Italy had come forward to settle the compensation claims by the dependents of the fishermen and had paid Rs 1 crore to the families of each victim.One of the conditions of the agreements signed by the victims with Italy for settling the suits was that all cases and allegations raised by the dependents against Italy and its marines be withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902464", "title": "Woman arrested for death due to medical negligence", "text": "PUNE: The Sahakarnagar police on Friday arrested 75-year-old Sherley Philips Rajendran for alleged medical negligence that resulted in the death of a 26-year-old woman last month. Rajendran had been running the maternity home in Kothari blocks area in Bibvewadi, without holding a medical degree, since 1976, police investigations have revealed.\"She had only completed a nursing course. Despite this, she managed to obtain the Pune Municipal Corporation's licence for running the maternity home,\" sub-inspector D T Chavan told TOI on Friday.The deceased, Vandana Jitendra Jagdale, a resident of Ghorpade Peth, was admitted to Rajendran's nursing home for delivery last month.\"During delivery, Jagdale's condition turned critical and she needed emergency treatment. However, Rajendran did not shift her to another hospital. Due to excessive bleeding, Jagdale died at Rajendran's nursing home on March 4. The baby she delivered survived,\" Chavan said.Rajendran has been charged under section 304 (2) (causing death by negligence) of the Indian Penal Code and section 33 and 36 of the Maharashtra Medical Practitioners Act, 1961.\"Investigations have also revealed that the suspect Sherley Rajendrandid not have adequate as well high-end medical facilities required for pregnancy-related complications at her nursing home,\" Chavan said.Initially, the police had registered a case of accidental death. \"As it was the case of medical negligence, a committee of medical experts at the Sassoon General Hospital reviewed the case. They arrived at the conclusion that Jagdale's death occurred due to medical negligence. After receiving the committee report, we registered the case against Sherley Rajendran on Thursday. We arrested her on Friday morning,\" Chavan said.When contacted S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health of the Pune Municipal Corporation, said, \"Whenever we issue a licence to doctors for running a maternity home, we meticulously check all the validdocuments, like the Medical Council of India or Maharashtra Medical Council's registration, medical degree certificate and physically inspect the place (maternity home) before issuing the licence. We will inquire and take action against Sherley Rajendran as per the norms of the Bombay Nursing Home Registration Act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12902650", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation confiscates illegal hoardings", "text": "NASHIK: With the code of conduct imposed for the elections for the legislative council slated for May 25, the anti-encroachment department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has begun confiscating political hoardings, flags and banners.The code of conduct for the elections for the legislative council came in force in the city from April 24. In connection to this, the anti-encroachment department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has begun an anti-encroachment drive, confiscating political hoardings, banners and flags from all the six divisions of the city. Despite it being the fourth day after the code of conduct was enforced, the department on Friday confiscated about 128 flags, 28 banners and 11 hoardings.Officials from the department said that this drive would continue for some days and that they expect that the number of such illegal hoarding would come down during the latter part of the code of conduct period. In the last two days, 181 flags, 32 banners and 94 hoardings were confiscated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905620", "title": "Tobacco is the villain in state", "text": "BANGALORE: Most men in Karnataka in the age group of 30-69 years die of lung, stomach and oral cancer, while majority of women in the same age bracket die of stomach, cervical and oral cancer, thanks to high consumption of tobacco. At least 35% of deaths due to cancer are tobacco related, a study revealed.The study - Million Death Study Collaborators' - was conducted by Prabhat Jha of the Center for Global Health Research, St Michael's Hospital, University of Toronto, and Arun Shet, professor of medicine, haematology and oncology, St John's Hospital, on mortality rate due to cancer. It concluded that cumulative risk of cancer mortality in the age group of 30-69 for men and women in Karnataka is much higher than in other Indian states. The Karnataka findings were released on Friday.In Karnataka, 5.7% men and 5.3% women died of cancer, whereas the average figure for such deaths in other states were 4.6% and 4.2% respectively.\"This is due to common use of chewing tobacco among men and women. The number of oral cancer cases is more than twice the number of lung cancers in individuals aged 30-69 years, indicating that the range of fatal cancers caused by tobacco in Indians differs substantially from that in high-income countries,\" said the authors.M Vijaya Kumar, professor and director, department of surgery, Kidwai Memorial Institute of Oncology, said: \"Goa has banned production of tobacco, but other states lack such political will. Like Tripura and West Bengal, all should make cancer a notifiable disease.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12903986", "title": "Steel &amp; power sectors to get Rs 5000 crore boost", "text": "BOKARO: The steel, coal and power sectors in the state are set to get a boost. Sunny Gaur, managing director, Jayprakash Associates limited said they were working on a plan to invest Rs 5,000 crore here, while addressing the media at the inaugural ceremony of Bokaro Jaypee Cement Limited in Balidh industrial area. \"Jharkhand has a huge potential and so we have plans to invest here to explore power, steel and coal sectors,\" he said. Gaur said with a cement plant being set up in Bokaro, the company aimed at catering to the rising demand in the country's eastern region.\"The company will supply cement to Jharkhand, Bihar, Odisha and West Bengal.\" He said the company as a part of its corporate social responsibility had planned to open an industrial training institute, a school and a health unit for the local residents near the plant site in the Balidih area. tnnThe company had approached the district administration for five acres for these projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12903866", "title": "We acted against Bangaru soon after expose: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP has sought to defend itself by claiming that it had acted immediately against Bangaru Laxman after the Rs 1 lakh bribe allegations, but was clearly on the defensive on the sting operation that showed the former party president accepting bundles of cash from alleged defence middlemen.The judge held that Laxman received money to \"influence public servants\" and said, \"I am of the considered opinion that the CBI has been able to establish the necessary ingredients of offence under Section 9 (taking gratification for exercise of personal influence with public servant)\".The court also ruled that Laxman's case was not one of entrapment although the defence had argued that he had no knowledge of the arms equipment being discussed. Upholding the sting, the judge said, \"I am of the opinion that methods adopted by Tehelka people may be objectionable but their purpose was not.\"The court added, \"The material collected by the Tehelka people cannot be thrown overboard at the outset.\"Dressed in an off-white kurta, Laxman stood shell-shocked in the witness box as the judge pronounced the verdict and ordered the police to take the politician into judicial custody. He sat in the witness box for a long time while his daughter looked on.Laxman was taken to Tihar Jail and will be produced in the court on Saturday at 10:30am when the court hears arguments on the quantum of sentence. Soon after the verdict, Laxman's counsel moved a plea seeking bail. The court, however, said, \"Only after sentence will I consider the aspect of bail.\"The sting operation, codenamed Westend, was conducted by Tehelka.com with its scribes posing as representatives of a fictitious UK-based company West End International and seeking his recommendation to the ministry for supply of hand-held thermal imagers, a fictitious device, for the Indian Army.In its 155-page judgment, the court said had the deal been real, by taking such illegal gratification to get through a defence deal, Laxman would have compromised country's security. The judge said Laxman had accepted Rs 1 lakh bribe for the fictitious defence deal and had also agreed to take balance amount of Rs 4 lakh in dollars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12905719", "title": "New districts issue back on CM's agenda", "text": "SHIMLA: Unfinished agenda from chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal's earlier term is back on centrestage in the election year as the ruling party plans taking a call again about creating new districts in the state that could help it return to power later in the year.Talking to The Times of India, Dhumal said that a decision about new districts would be soon taken. \"Wishes of the people would be taken into account before any decision is taken,\" he added.Though senior revenue officials denied any exercise done to delineate revenue circles for creation of new districts, political circles are agog with speculation about new entities being carved out of Kangra district.However, a senior BJP leader from Kangra revealed that much of the exercise of giving identity to new districts had been completed. \"A consensus was emerging for creating districts of Nurpur and Dehra by redrawing the boundaries of Kangra district,\" he said on condition of anonymity.The move had caused a public spat between industry minister Kishan Kapoor, who represents Dharamsala, and Rakesh Pathania, who is an independent MLA from Nurpur and was expelled from BJP after being denied a ticket.While Kapoor is opposing any breakup of Kangra district, Pathania had threatened to hold a protest before the deputy commissioner office and burn the effigy of the minister for opposing Nurpur as a new district.A truce was settled for at the intervention of state BJP president Satpal Satti. When contacted, he said, \"Representations for creation of new districts from various regions had been made before the chief minister and we have insisted that the issue be discussed within the party before the government takes any decision.\" The party would discuss the issue sometime next month, he added.While the focus is on Kangra that sends 15 legislators to a house of 68 members, Kushi Ram Balnatah, MLA from Rohru has demanded that a new district be created out of Shimla district also.Presently the state has 12 districts including the two high altitude tribal districts of Kinnaur and Lahaul-Spiti that together have a population of 1.16 lakh, being represented by one MLA each.\"In my representation to the chief minister, I have stated that as in the earlier BJP government, offices of additional deputy commissioners (ADCs) had been set up in Sarkaghat, Dehra, Karsog, Nurpur and Rohru with the intention of making new districts. Rohru will be considered for a new district if the issue is before the government's consideration,\" said Balnatah.While the earlier Dhumal government's plan to create new districts fell flat in 2002 because of opposition from within the party, revisiting the issue in an election year is being weighed for the political dividends it could fetch for the party, as it launches its \"Mission Repeat\" election campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12902788", "title": "Scholar drops Rushdie as her research topic", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the furor by Darul Uloom Deoband targeting her post-doctoral fellowship on Salman Rushdie , Meerut University scholar Prabha Parmar has had a change of mind. Parmar would like to change the topic to something less controversial and has conveyed the sentiments to the university authorities and also the UGC.Parmar was granted a post-doctoral fellowship in 2011 to work on the use of magic realism in the major novels of Salman Rushdie. The reports reaching the Islamic seminary and the madrassas in the western UP Muslim dominated belt of Saharanpur, Muzaffarnagar and Meerut had led to severe criticism among Ulema. While more than six madrassas had condemned the action as unislamic and Darul Uloom Deobad had even demanded an apology from the Meerut University and also from the UGC for encouraging an attempt to eulogize the banned author.In a communication to the university, Parmar has explained that she had no intentions to hurt sentiments of any community or individual. And would therefore be prepared to readily change the topic. The letter has been forwarded by the university to the UGC. Currently on maternity leave, she had already started work on the subject but under the circumstances she is left with no option, one of her colleagues told TOI on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12914119", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav revokes suspension of former MLC", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a significant development, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav revoked the suspension of former MLC Khwaja Haleem, who, despite not being member of the party was recently inducted in the state haj committee by haj minister Mohammad Azam Khan.SP spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary in a statement said that Mulayam Singh Yadav was convinced with the explanations of Haleem.Meanwhile, the Samajwadi Party has constituted a five-member committee to look into the cases of alleged involvement of workers who protested against the party candidates who contested in the assembly elections.The five-member committee comprising former MP Bhagwati Singh, party national general secretaries Vishambar Prasad Nishad, Ravi Prakash Verma; former district president of Azamgarh, Akhilesh Yadav and former member state committee Fida Hussain Ansari, has been asked to submit its report by June 15. The report will be submitted to the state president, Akhilesh Yadav, who will take action accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902803", "title": "Portal to help patients with spinal injuries", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a unique initiative, a group of wheelchair-bound patients and experts from across the world are going to start an e-learning portal on spinal injuries for patients and professionals dealing with the debilitating condition.The portal will have information on the prevention of injury, pre-hospital and acute care of injury management, physiotherapy , psychosocial management of the patient and family, said H S Chabra, medical director of the Indian Spinal Injuries Centre, the representative from India.He said that a two-day workshop would be held in the capital to finalize the details for the portal. \"More than 218 experts from 25 countries, including some wheelchair-bound patients, are pooling their expertise and experiences to develop the educational resource.\"Chabra added, \"The project will be launched in September at the International Spinal Cord Society's meeting in London.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12903570", "title": "Lone burglar\u2019s bid to loot bank in Pallikaranai fails", "text": "CHENNAI: An attempt to loot a Punjab National Bank branch in Pallikaranai on Thursday night failed as the burglar couldn't open the safe, police said. The incident came to light on Friday morning when manager Ravi came to open the branch.Police said there was no security guard in the bank but a closed-circuit television (CCTV) camera captured the lone burglar. The footage was, however, not clear as the lights were off.The bank manager opened the door and went in when he noticed the grille of one of the windows broken. He immediately called up the police who rushed there, made an inspection and found it was a robbery attempt. Police said the burglar had broken the glass of a window on the right side of the building and cut and bent a part of the grille with a welding machine. Parts of the machine lay strewn at the spot, they said. A hacksaw blade was also found there.The burglar then targeted the bank's vaults but failed open them and left the same way he had come in, police said.Manager Ravi said the branch had been functioning for the past six years and had a vast clientele, including students from nearby engineering colleges and local residents. \"We have six to seven CCTV cameras. There is no security guard. Police recovered a hacksaw blade from near the window,\" he said.The failed bid follows two daring daylight heists where about 30 lakh was looted from two nationalized bank branches in Perungudi on the OMR and in Madipakkam about two months ago. The five members of the gang suspected to be behind the two robberies were later shot dead by police in an encounter in a rented house in Velachery, about four to five km from the scene of Friday's incident, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12905196", "title": "Tiwari must submit to DNA test: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday ordered veteran Congress leader N D Tiwari to undergo a DNA test in a paternity suit filed by a 32-year-old man claiming to be his biological son.A bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said if Tiwari refused to give a blood sample, police force could be used, adding that it would not tolerate Tiwari flouting judicial orders and making courts a \"laughing stock\". The bench also imposed a cost of Rs 25,000 on 86-year-old Tiwari while setting aside a single judge order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902820", "title": "Delhi ranks second in per capita income list", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a difficult year for the global economy but Delhiites managed to give themselves a 16% raise in 2011-12, figures released by the government on Friday reveal.With a per capita annual income of Rs 1,75,812, the capital again finished second behind Goa, which had a per capita annual income of Rs 1,92,652. However, it was the richest among the major states and union territories with crore-plus populations (Goa's population is only 14.6 lakh). Haryana, with Rs 1,09,227 per capita finished third, while the country overall touched the Rs 60,972 per person income level. In 2010-11, Delhi's per capita income at current prices was Rs 1,50,653.Even at constant prices (after factoring in inflation), the city's per capita income was Rs 1,19,032 in 2011-12, a leap of Rs 10,156 from Rs 1,08,876 a year ago. It was also three times the national average estimated at Rs 38,005.\"The figures reflect that the economy of Delhi is going forward on the path of sustainable economic growth in a considerable manner,\" chief minister Sheila Dikshit said after releasing the report, \"Estimates of State Domestic Product 2011-12\".On a political note, officials pointed out that Delhi's per capita income had increased 3.39 times during the 13 years of Congress rule - from Rs 40,060 in 1998-99 to Rs 1,75,812 in 2011-12.The report pegs economic growth in Delhi at 11.43% during 2011-12, compared to the all-India figure of 8.4%.The services sector had 82% share in the gross state domestic product of Delhi, followed by the secondary sector at 17% and the primary sector at 0.87%. Manufacturing accounted for 5% share, construction 9.6%, and hotels and restaurants 19%. Among specific trades, financial services, insurance, real estate and business services had the lion's share at 39%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12903599", "title": "Traffic changes on Beach Road", "text": "CHENNAI: In order to streamline traffic flow and to ensure the safety of pedestrians who visit Marina Beach during summer, Chennai Traffic Police have made a few traffic modifications on Kamarajar Salai from April 29. The traffic change will be in place daily from 5pm to 8pm.All vehicles including MTC buses coming from Gandhi Statue and moving towards north, will not be allowed towards Labour Statue and will have to take left towards Bharathi Salai and take Bells Road, Wallajah Road and Kamarajar Salai to reach their destination.Motorists moving from north to south (from War Memorial towards Gandhi Statue) will be allowed as usual. Bells Road will be made one-way with entry from Bharathi Salai. Vechiles will not be allowed entry from Wallajah Road.The stretch on Wallajah Road from Bells Road junction to Labour Statue junction will be made one-way with entry from Bells Road junction. Vehicles will not be allowed entry from Labour Statue junction.The stretch on Bharathi Salai from Kannagi Statue junction to Bells Road junction will be made one-way with entry from Kannagi Statue junction. Vehicles will not be allowed entry from Bells Road junction.For Vehicles coming from Kamarajar Salai towards Foreshore Service Road, the following entry and exit arrangements are made:Entry points: Seeraniarangam,Vivekanandhar Illam, Slum Clearance Board and opposite DGP Office.Exit points: Marina Beach Swimming Pool, Lloyds Road junction and Light House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12905821", "title": "Probe into Kashmir candidates who appeared in Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University private exam", "text": "KANPUR: The police had started investigations into a case where 14 examinees belonging to Kashmir were caught appearing in the political science paper of BA (part-I) of the private examination being conducted by Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, at Shree Shakti Degree College in Ghatampur.These students were caught on Wednesday. They had mentioned Sutarkhana as their local address. According to the university rules, students of other states cannot appear in the private examinations of the university.The principal of Shree Shakti Degree College asked the Kashmiri students to establish their identity and provide address proof.During investigations, it came to light that these students were residing in hotels situated in and around Ghantaghar area. This revealed that the students had given wrong address to the university, which is an offence.The university had also started its investigation into the case. The application forms of these students are being checked to corroborate more facts. The university had started preparing a list of examinees who might not belong to the state. As far as Kashmiri students are concerned, the officials of the university informed that the application forms of these students would be rejected and results withheld.Meanwhile, on Thursday evening, the police cross-checked the local address that the Kashmiri students had mentioned in their application forms which is at present in the records of CSMU and found that the address was not correct. The police also came to know after investigation that the Kashmiri students had been staying in different hotels in Ghantaghar since April 12. These hotels were raided on Thursday and entry records checked. The cops also came to know that the rooms in these hotels were booked from April 12 to April 28.The cops informed that 20 students were staying in Natraj hotel, five in SR Palace, 15 in Apollo and 12 in Rajmahal Hotel. They are also questioning students on the issue and trying to ascertain the facts.Circle officer, Collectorganj, Omkar Yadav said that the matter is under investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "12905659", "title": "Key witness in son's murder, ex-sarpanch shot along with his gunman", "text": "PANIPAT: A prime witness in the murder case of his son, former sapanch Kuldeep Singh and his gunman were shot near the Panipat Thermal Power Station on Friday morning, when they were on their way to the district courts.Kuldeep, a former sarpanch of Nara village, was to appear before the court in connection with the murder of his son Sushil Kumar, who had allegedly been killed by Surinder Kala and his nine accomplices in May 2009. As he left the village along with his gunman Ram Niwas, a vehicle obstructed the route of their car midway and its occupants started shooting at them recklessly. Kuldeep and Ram were killed on the spot while their two companions -- Rajesh and Dharampal -- sustained several bullet injuries. The assailants sped away after ensuring that Kuldeep was dead.Kuldeep, who feared for his life at the hands of Kala, had requested for additional security from Matlauda SHO Vikram Singh on Friday morning, but was denied it.As the matter was reported to IG (Rohtak Range) Alok Mittal, he immediately reached Panipat and placed the SHO under suspension. The IG also held a closed-door meeting with Rajesh and Dharampal after which he ordered the district police to initiate stern action against those behind the incident.Panipat superintendent of police KK Rao said that the needle of suspicion was on Surinder Kala as Kuldeep was on his way to testify against him in the court. He said that the investigations were on and a breakthrough was expected soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12902582", "title": "'If autos ply by meter, everyone will benefit'", "text": "NASHIK: Even as autorickshaw drivers are not keen on plying by meter, the regional transport office (RTO) has started distributing new tariff cards and has been conducting meetings to convince auto drivers on how plying by meter would ultimately benefit both passengers and drivers. Meanwhile, leaders of rickshaw unions have also decided to conduct similar meetings with drivers to make them charge fare by meter.Deputy regional transport officer Jayant Patil said, \"Auto rickshaw driver unions have come forward and have taken an initiative to get the tariff cards printed. The tariff cards have been handed over to the Shramik Rickshaw Taxi Chalak Malak Sangh and they will soon be distributing them among the drivers.\"It has also been decided to put up flexboards of the tariff cards at the Nashik Road railway station and the Central Bus Stand, in a bid to ensure that visitors to Nashik who arrive at these places are not cheated by rickshaw drivers by charging exorbitant fares.During the past couple of meetings with rickshaw drivers, deputy RTO Jayant Patil has been trying to clear the misconception among rickshaw drivers that they would lose their business if they start plying by meters.He said, \"I have been telling rickshaw drivers that by going on strike on and off to push their demands they in turn lose their business for the day. If they show a little patience and decide to ply only by meter and start operating on the share auto routes, passengers would automatically get into that habit. This way, while they would not lose their business, their fellow rickshaw drivers will also get an opportunity to earn equally, unlike now when there is almost a competition among themselves to snatch passengers from one another.\"Meanwhile, Bhagwan Pathak of the Sharmik Rickshaw Taxi Chalak Malak Sangh association said that their union has also decided to start meetings with auto drivers to inform them about the benefits of charging fare by meter. \"Everyone is going to benefit by fare by meter. Auto drivers just need to be convinced about the same. Once they realise the benefits of this and are unanimous about it, fare by meter would be a success in Nashik too.\"Many passengers are of the view that rickshaws should transport passengers from point to point and not like ST buses, which pick up passengers from one bus stop and drop them at another.Yogesh Kale of Upnagar said, \"I walk over a kilometre from Ramdas Swami Nagar to the Gandhi Nagar bus stop every day to take a bus for Deolali Camp. Though I get a direct bus from Gandhi Nagar to Deolali Camp, I need an auto from my residence to the Gandhi Nagar bus stop, which is not available. The same thing happens when I return home. I have to alight at Gandhi Nagar and have to walk for another 20 minutes to reach my home. Rickshaws need to transport passengers from point to point and not operate on the same routes where buses are already operating.\"While there still are mixed reactions among autorickshaw drivers and passengers on autos plying by meter, there is hectic activity among RTO officials and leaders of rickshaw unions to make fare by meter a success in the city.(photo caption - Deputy Regional Transport Officer Jayanti Patil addressing rickshaw drivers at the Nashik Road Railway Station on Friday morning about the benefits of fare by meter and share rickshaw)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12902438", "title": "Surprise check finds six with missing vehicle papers", "text": "NASHIK: Unit 2 of the city police commissionerate conducted a surprise vehicle check near the Divya Adlabs multiplex on Thursday evening, where they inspected as many as 111 vehicles that were pulling out of the open parking lot, within a span of three hours. Six vehicle drivers were found without valid vehicle documents in course of the operation.The vehicles found without documents will reportedly be seized and verified at the RTO where their owner will be contacted to check if their vehicles have been stolen. If necessary, action will be taken against persons in whose possession the undocumented vehicles have been found.DCP D S Swami said that like the other surprise combing operations being undertaken in different parts of the city, it was decided to crack down on parked vehicles near the multiplex considering the continuous instances of vehicle theft and hooliganism reported in the area.The drive took place between 6.30 pm and 9.30 pm and specifically targeted parked vehicles. With no proper parking within the commercial building, there have been continuous instances of vehicle theft in the area.Additionally, it is suspected that since many youths sit in large groups as there are a large number of hotels and coaching classes in the vicinity, vehicle theft is likely to occur within such areas. The presence of police has reportedly started deterring many such youths from moving their vehicles out of parked spaces over fearsi of being questioned about documentation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908546", "title": "Anushka Sharma may enter in new relationship in 2012?", "text": "As the charming actress enters her 25th year on May 1, we analyze what the future holds for Anushka Sharma.Anushka Sharma has truly made it on her own in Bollywood. With the actress all set to celebrate her birthday on May 1, we ask astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi what the future holds for the charming actress.\"Anushka was born on 1st May 1988 which makes her a Number 1 (Sun) person in numerology. Like all Taureans, she is ruled by Number 6 (Venus) while her destiny number adds up to Number 5 (Mercury)\", explains Bhavikk.\"Being ruled primarily by Number 1 - the most powerful number, she debuted opposite Shahrukh Khan in a Yashraj production being directed by Aditya Chopra. It can't get bigger than this! She was launched in a way which others can only dream of. Her flawless beauty and complexion is thanks to Venus, which brings a glow on her face and she looks so fresh all the time. The Mercurial effect makers her talkative and communicative in such a friendly way that she can connect with people very easily\".\"Anushka will now enter her 25th year which indicates the best phase of her life. The year 2012 which adds up to Number 5 (Mercury) is her 'destiny' number and that means - besides success on the film front, even her personal life will get highlighted as she will finally enter in to a new relationship and this time it will be for keeps\", predicts Bhavikk.\"Her work in her next release 'Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola' will come in for much praise, but it will be director Yash Chopra's comeback film (yet untitled) which will catapult her in to the big league\".\"Wearing a Red Coral on her ring finger on a Tuesday morning will help her stop any delays in life (whatsoever) and ensure continued good health and energy levels\", advices Bhavikk before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12903110", "title": "Biker dies, truckers hurt in separate mishaps", "text": "JAIPUR: A 32-year old man was killed when the bike he was riding was hit by a truck on Tonk Road of the city on Friday. In another accident, a truck carrying LPG cylinders collided head-on with another truck on B2 Bypass. However, the drivers in both the vehicles got away with minor injuries, the mishap created scare due to the possibility of explosion in cylinders.According to the police, Shaqeel, a resident of 22 Godown area, was on his way home from Sanganer flyover when a truck approaching from opposite direction hit the bike near Udaan Restaurant on Tonk Road.\"Shaqeel sustained serious injuries. He was rushed to a hospital where he died while undergoing treatment,\" said the officer. The truck driver fled the spot leaving the vehicle. A case has been registered against him.In another mishap near B2 Bypass junction on Friday morning, two men were injured when two trucks collided head-on. One of the truck lost balance and hit the road divider. The police said the injured drivers of both the vehicles were discharged after primary treatment at a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12905102", "title": "Shopkeeper refuses to serve prize money, killed", "text": "INDORE: Brawl over the issue of prize ended with the death of a teenage shopkeeper in Chandan Nagar area here on Friday morning. The deceased has been identified as Vijay (15), son of Yashwant, a resident of 308 Nandan Nagar. His family runs a grocery shop from house, and he was at the shop when the ugly incident took place.Sanjay, a resident of the same locality, went to claim Rs 50 as 'scratch and win' prize as mentioned on the bottle of a soft drink. As per the accused, he had bought the cold drink from Vijay's shop. However, the deceased opposed his claims, stating that his signature was missing from the coupon. His refusal to give the prize money, saying that the cold drink might have been brought from some other shop, infuriated Sanjay. The accused reportedly started attacking the goods in the shop.As per TI Chandan Nagar Pawan Mishra, the scene turned ugly when the accused started throwing the things on the road. Vijay though managed to throw him out of the shop but the fight did not end there. After a while, Sanjay came back with a knife in his hand, barged into the shop and allegedly stabbed Vijay in the stomach. When the family members got the information, they rushed to the shop where they found him lying in a pool of blood. He was rushed to the hospital where he was declared brought dead, said police. Vijay's father is an auto-driver and the deceased was his third child. A case under section 302 of the IPC was filed in this connection. Accused is on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903393", "title": "Two teens rape 16-year-old handicapped girl, arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 16-year-old handicapped girl was raped by two teenagers at her house in Gomtipur on Thursday when she was alone. The duo was caught red-handed by the girl's parents when they came back home.Shocked by the incident the couple shouted out for help as the boys tried to get away. Hearing their shouts for help neighbours poured in and helped the girl's parents to catch the two boys. Later, they called the Gomtipur police officials to the spot.\"We placed the duo under arrest at the scene of crime. The boys were sent to the remand home on Friday. In addition, the girl and the two teens were sent for medical examination on Thursday. Medicos will collect samples of their body fluids which may help us get evidence against the accused minors in this case,\" said Gomtipur police officials.Gomtipur police said Fatima (name changed), 16, a resident of Gomtipur, had complications during her birth and due to that she had deformed left hand and leg. She also had trouble speaking, said Gomtipur police officials.\"Her parents usually kept a close watch over her, owing to her poor mental condition. But on Thursday, they had to briefly leave her alone at home. They went out to take part in a funeral of a relative. The couple thought it best to keep the girl in the house and bolted it from the outside when they went for the last rites,\" said police.\"Taking advantage of the situation, two teens Sajjad, 16, and Kushen, 17, who stay nearby opened the latch and entered the house. The duo then raped took turns in raping her. The boys were about to leave when Fatima's parents arrived on the scene and were aghast. They called police on the spot after which the duo was arrested for the crime. They have confessed to their crime. They were quite confident that the act will remain a secret and had planned their attack in advance. We have sent them to the remand home on Friday after court proceedings,\" said V M Sharma, inspector of Gomtipur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12913761", "title": "Four Indians detained in anti-prostitution raid in China", "text": "BEIJING: Four Indians, who were visiting the Chinese city of Shanghai to attend an automobile fair, have been detained by local police on charges of indulging in prostitution.The four were part of a large Indian delegation visiting China's Bicycle and Motor Fair in Shanghai, where anti-prostitution police picked them up.Indian officials said the Indians were picked up in a police raid on a hotel two days back, and were being provided legal assistance.Officials of the Indian Consulate sought consular access and met the concerned security officials to provide them legal assistance.The four are expected to be released over the next few days as according to rules those indulging in such offences are detained and let off after a few days, officials here said.The four people were part of about 100-member delegation. As trade and related exchange of people has boomed between India and China, incidents involving Indian traders and merchants have also cropped up.In 2010, 23 Indian diamond merchants were arrested in Shenzen in connection with allegations of smuggling. While 13 of them were released, 10 were convicted and sentenced for two years.In another incident, two Indian traders are currently stranded in Shanghai following cases against their company head, a Yemenese national, who fled without making payments for the supplies obtained in China's commodity market Yiwu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12903368", "title": "Gang demands Rs 10L to release abducted techie", "text": "HOWRAH: Ever since the abductors kidnapped a 28-year-old electrical engineer from Howrah's Mandirtala three days back, his aged father has been bargaining hard to get his son back. The kidnappers, though started with Rs 15 lakh, have finally settled for Rs 10 lakh to free Amaresh Manna, the victim.Meanwhile, police have started investigation after a complaint was lodged on Thursday, but they are yet to get any substantial lead to trace the kidnappers. According to cops, Amaresh - engaged in some mobile tower manufacturing business - went out for work as usual on Wednesday but did not return home. Instead, the family received a ransom call on Wednesday evening, in which Rs 15 lakh was demanded from the other side of the phone.However, it was only the first of many such calls over the next two days. The callers then started \"negotiating\" with Amaresh's father Sasadhar Manna, a retired cooperative worker. On Friday, the amount was finally settled at Rs 10 lakh, but the family is still not sure how they can arrange for such a huge amount. \"Amaresh was the only earner in the family. I don't know how I'll arrange the money,\" Sasadhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12903712", "title": "Government to distribute medicated mosquito nets in Kandhamal", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The government will distribute long-lasting insecticidal nets (LLIN) in Kandhamal to cut down on malaria incidents in the district. LLINs are medicated nets which kill and repel mosquitoes.\"We will distribute around 1.80 lakh nets in six blocks of the district,\" said district malaria officer J N Patnaik. The blocks include Baliguda, K. Nuagaon, Raikia, G. Udayagiri, Phiringia and part of Tikabali. \"The nets have been already provided to block level officers and we have asked them to distribute these by May 15 next,\" he said.LLIN is a special medicated mosquito net, which lasts for three to five years, if properly used. In the first phase, around 80,000 nets were distributed in three malaria-prone blocks - Daringibadi, Tumudibandh and Kotagarh - in 2010. The result had been impressive.With death of around 40 persons every year, Kandhamal was identified as the most malaria-prone district. While 35 persons died in the district in 2009, the toll increased to 39 in 2010. Last year, the number reduced to 4. Similarly, malaria incidents decreased from 36,551 in 2010 to 25,944 in 2011, official sources said.Use of specially designed medicated and mosquito-prevention nets, spraying mosquito repellents in the tribal area and proper distribution of malaria medicines through ASHA workers were instrumental in cutting down malaria deaths in the district, a medical officer said.The state government has felicitated the chief district medical officer (CDMO) of Keonjhar at a function in Bhubaneswar on National Malaria Day recently for his achievements in reducing malaria-related deaths.With distribution of LLIN, heath activists in rural areas would also create awareness about proper use of nets to prevent the spread of malaria, Patnaik said. He said the other blocks would be covered in the district in the third phase of distribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12903531", "title": "6 more test positive for H1N1 in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Six new cases of H1N1 , including two in Chennai, were detected in the state on Friday.Infectious diseases experts from New Delhi, who discussed treatment and management of the viral infection with their Tamil Nadu counterparts, advised that healthcare workers including doctors and nurses be vaccinated against the virus to prevent the transmission of the disease to patients.Doctors at the meeting stressed that the outbreak had not reached epidemic proportions, but advised hospitals to monitor the respiratory condition of all patients.\"H1N1 is like any flu. It is curable if it is detected and treated early,\" said AIIMS, Delhi respiratory sciences department head R Guleria. \"Mass vaccinations are not required as many people have acquired immunity against the virus. But protecting healthcare workers is essential because if there is an epidemic, it would be difficult to handle the situation without them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12905038", "title": "More than one involved in Aadhaar scam: Cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Talking to TOI, UIDIA deputy director general Ajay Bhushan Pandey, who landed in the city on Friday evening, said that they stumbled upon the fraud on April 20 when it was noticed that Ali has made 30,000 enrolments in just a span of two months, a feat that would normally take two years. \"After a closer verification, we found that the operator has enrolled over 800 people in the physically disabled quota and the state government was immediately alerted,\" the DDG said.Even though so far only the cards enrolled by Mohammed under the disabled quota proven to be fake, investigating agencies are suspecting that a major share of the 30,000 cards issued by him could also fall in the same category as no operator can enroll 30,000 genuine people in a span of two months.The preliminary probe by the investigating agencies has revealed that majority of the 30,000 cards enrolled by the accused have been dispatched to the `individuals' but UID officials say that as per their knowledge none of the cards in the physically disabled quota have been dispatched.Police officials are tight lipped about the entire episode but according to sources, Ali told them during the interrogation that he executed the fraud along with other associates for money. \"Looking at the size of enrolment, there is more than one person involved in the fraud,\" the Deputy DG said. Police are now trying to crosscheck whether there was a terror angle to the fraud.In response to the incident, UID has temporarily blocked all the 30,000 cards enrolled by Mohammed and they have stopped enrolment of people under physically disabled quota throughout the nation. Ajay Bhushan Pandey said that once they are through with this probe in Hyderabad, they will check the enrolments of all other regions in the country. In addition to the deputy director general, UIDAI's chairman Nandan Nilekani is also sending another senior staff member to Hyderabad to look into the technical loopholes in the enrolment process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12903003", "title": "MCD launches demolition drive in South Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Municipal Corporation of Delhi demolished illegal construction in 16 properties in south Delhi on Friday. It cracked down on unauthorized extension of structures in Chirag Dilli, Paryavaran Complex, Freedom Fighter Colony, Anand Niketan and adjoining areas, and razed the added portions.After the demolition, the floors/properties were no longer inhabitable. \"Roof slabs were punctured and the illegal structures were rendered uninhabitable. People encroach on land without realizing they are violating building bylaws. The demolition was carried out with the help of local police,\" said an MCD official. The drive will continue till next week in the south zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12903082", "title": "9 months on, bridge yet to be repaired", "text": "MUMBAI: It has been more than nine months since a bridge over the Dadar-Dharavi nullah at the Dharavi T junction collapsed but the civic body is yet to repair it.The bridge, which is part of the Sion-Mahim Link Road, carries traffic from Mahim to Sion as well as Bandra. A parallel bridge, running from Sion to Mahim, has been bearing the brunt of traffic on both the directions since the crash, increasing the load on it.TOI has learnt that since the incident on August 7, 2011, the G-North ward office has sent at least three letters to the central agency asking them to repair the bridge, but to no avail. \"We have been corresponding with the central agency but they have not taken it seriously. Residents of the area have staged protests near the ward office but we haven't been able to do the work. We do not have the power to start working on the bridge. Only the bridges department can start the work,\" said a senior official of the G-North ward.According to the civic administration, the delay was caused due to the consultant who was appointed to come up with a design for the bridge. The tender for reconstruction is yet to be floated. \"It took some time to design the bridge, as the initial plan was rejected. The consultant has come up with another design. We will start work from October,\" said Aseem Gupta, additional municipal commissioner.With the BMC opening the other side of the bridge to traffic on both sides, snarls have become a daily norm there. Dharavi resident Kalim Salmani said, \"The entire area is suffering due to the civic body's decision. How much time do they need to repair the bridge? Last year, a major accident could be averted only because it occurred during the non-peak hours. If this continues, another mishap is bound to take place as the load on the other bridge has increased. The collapsed arm of the bridge has turned into a dumping ground for residents.\"The bridge apparently came crashing down for no apparent reason, when there were hardly any vehicles on it.Times ViewThat an important road link can just collapse on its own and then remain unattended for nine months is galling. Even more shocking is the BMC's nonchalant response that repairs can begin only after monsoon. This utter disregard for basic civic conveniences is unacceptable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12903574", "title": "Ban junk food in colleges, schools: Azad", "text": "BANGALORE: Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has written to HRD minister Kapil Sibal urging him to direct schools and colleges to discourage carbonated drinks and junk food in their canteens. The suggestion comes in the wake of more and more youngsters being diagnosed with diet-related disorders.The health ministry, in consultation with experts, is trying to promote healthy foods. \"We must emphasize on consumption of fruits and vegetables and promote a culture where people exercise regularly. I request you to consider issuing a directive to schools and colleges to promote healthy food habits,\" Azad said in his letter. Hema Arvind, chief dietician at MS Ramaiah Hospital, said: \"Junk food is rich in trans-fatty acids. If are consumed over a long period, they could lead to diabetes and hypertension.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12903337", "title": "Father-daughter held for accepting bribe", "text": "JAIPUR: A father-daughter duo of junior engineers was caught accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000 by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) at a village panchayat samiti in Sirohi district on Friday.Priyanka Meena was posted as a junior engineer at Abu Road in Sirohi, a post formerly held by her father Ramlal Meena, who was recently transferred to Jalore. The father had not joined his duty and was staying with Priyanka. The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Friday caught red-handed junior engineer (JEn) Ramlal Meena and his daughter Priyanka Meena who is also a JEn at a village panchayat samiti accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000 from a contractor. Both werePriyanka was posted at Abu Road in Sirohi where his father was holding the post before he was recently transferred to Jalore district. ACB officer said that Ramlal had not joined his duty in Jalore and was staying with his daughter when the duo was caught red-handed taking the bribe on Friday.According to ACB officials, one Mukesh Bairath had lodged a complaint against Ramlal and his daughter with the ACB. \"Mukesh is a contractor. Bill payments worth Rs 4.75 lakh were pending with the panchayat samiti at Abu Road,\" said an ACB officer.The officer said when Mukesh approached Ramlal and Priyanka for payments; they demanded a bribe of Rs 30,000. However, following a negotiation, they agreed to take Rs 20,000.\"We verified the complaint, and a trap was laid,\" he said. The team caught the two red-handed while accepting bribe and arrested them. \"A case under Sections of Prevention of the Corruption Act has been lodged,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12904030", "title": "\u2018Technology can help improve your health\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: Running a health application on cellphones would help Indians prevent or control diseases better than any other measure, Dr Peter J Fitzgerald, professor of medicine at Stanford School of Medicine, said on Friday.\"Since India has more cellphones and less public toilets, technology could be the best bet to promote a preventive health system. Social media can play a big role in the field,\" he said.On the sidelines of the annual meeting of the national intervention council at Hotel Le Meridien, this engineer-cardiologist said cellphone applications which could help count calories or keep tabs on diet could make health a part of daily routine, which could help in the prevention of diseases. \"It is a different matter to have access to the latest treatment facilities. But people should adopt advanced preventive strategies like genetic screening that helps in early detection and saves time and cost,\" said Dr Fitzgerald, who is associated with an Indian multi-national company which offers education prorgammes to doctors on new treatment modalities and devices. \"The healthcare scene is witnessing major changes, whether it is new procedures like catheter-based lung volume reduction or minimally-invasive aortic valve replacement surgery. If doctors are aware of the new facilities and drugs, it will benefit patients by reducing treatment cost and bettering recovery rates,\" he said.In fact, Dr Fitzgerald would opt for more minimally-invasive surgeries. According to him, while not many could afford the facilities available in developed countries, research would bring in treatment and medicines that target health problems specific to India.\"Along with India, Taiwan, China and Ireland are also taking big leaps in healthcare. I would suggest is a merger of the industry and the health care sector to design new facilities for patients,\" he said.And what would he like to bring out for India? Medicines and treatment programmes that target contagious diseases and lifestyle diseases, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12904317", "title": "Gold, cash stolen from Nanora house", "text": "Unknown culprits decamped with cash and gold ornaments totally valued at Rs 1,37,000 from the residence of Ashok Narvekar from Nanora on Thursday midnight. A complaint to this effect has been lodged by Narvekar. According to the complainant, the culprits effected entry into the house by opening the roof tiles. They stole cash amounting to Rs 10,000 and golden ornaments which included bangles, necklace, bracelet, chain, finger rings and 3 Nokia mobile phones.Man found dead at Karapur bus stop: On Friday morning, the Bicholim police recovered a male body from the Karapur bus stop. The body has been identified as that of Rajendra Sakharam Gaonkar, 35, from Kothiwada-Karapur. PSI R A Shaikh conducted the panchanama and sent the body to the Goa Medical College, Bambolim, for an autopsy. Gaonkar's body was later handed over his relatives.Jesus Centre celebrates sixth anniversary: Jesus Centre Goa recently held a solemn celebration to mark its sixth anniversary at Alfran Plaza, Panaji. The celebrations began with a praise and worship service and was followed by the Holy Mass concelebrated by Fr Braz Faleiro and Fr Jose Costa. After Mass, the centre's founder, J S Rebello, thanked the gathering and benefactors. The function concluded with a get-together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12903711", "title": "Newborn girl abandoned in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: A newborn girl was abandoned by her parents at the Post Graduate Institute of Medical Science ( PGIMS), Rohtak, on Friday. The baby, born prematurely, was suffering from jaundice and was admitted to the hospital four days ago.This is the fourth incident in a week of a newborn girl being abandoned. According to hospital, the seven-day-old girl was admitted on Tuesday. But on Friday, other patients informed the staff that the parents had left the ward saying they were going out for food but never returned. The girl's condition is stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12911387", "title": "Sonia Gandhi asks partymen to pressurize Karnataka government on drought relief measures", "text": "BANGALORE: AICC president Sonia Gandhi asked her partymen in Karnataka on Saturday to put pressure on the BJP government to escalate the ongoing drought relief measures.Accepting a memorandum from the local Congressmen in Nagasamudra village in Molkalmuru taluk in Chitradurga district (200 km from Bangalore), Sonia said she would also look into the issue. But put pressure on your government,'' she added.Karnataka is facing the worst drought in recent times, a reminder of the one in 1999. Of the 175 taluks, 123 taluks in 22 of the total 30 districts are reeling under drought.Reacting to Sonia's visit to the village, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda in Bangalore said the Congress president's visit would help Karnataka government to present its case on drought before the Centre effectively. He is planning to take an all-party team to New Delhi in May first week to seek more funds for drought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12904053", "title": "SpiceJet to connect Kozhikode with four state capitals", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Budget carrier SpiceJet has announced the launch of direct flights from Karipur International Airport to four south Indian cities -- Thiruvananthapuram, Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad.\"The airline launched its flights to Bangalore and Chennai from the airport on Friday, while its services to Hyderabad and Thiruvananthapuram will start from May 5\", said SpiceJet chief executive officer Neil Mills.Director general of civil aviation, Bharat Bhushan and playback singer KJ Yesudas were among the passengers who arrived in the maiden flight from Chennai.The airline is using its fleet of Q400 NextGen turboprop aircraft for its flights.Speaking at the function, Neil Mills said the airline was pleased to announce addition of flights to Calicut which had emerged as one of the major cities in Kerala\"By connecting it with major cities across the southern region, we are trying to give more options for affordable and comfortable travel to the people of Calicut,\" he added. SpiceJet would be operating daily flights on Calicut-Thiruvananthapuram, Calicut-Hyderabad and Calicut-Chennai routes. It would fly five days a week to Bangalore on Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lalgarh", "code": "12903613", "title": "Job for Jnaneswari accused kin", "text": "LALGARH: When chief minister Mamata Banerjee cradled four-month-old Ranjana at a public function in Lalgarh on Tuesday, she knew little about her. Mamata also wasn't aware that the girl's mother, Minu Mahato, barely 21 - to whom she later handed over the appointment letter for a job as Santhali teacher at Lalgarh's Purnapani Primary School - was actually the younger sister of Bapi or Manoj Mahato. The latter is the prime accused in the Jnaneswari train disaster on May 27, 2010, which killed 149 people.Minu was among the 27 people who were handed over appointment letters in Lalgarh on Tuesday, the first-phase of recruiting 1,800 Santhali teachers across schools in Jangalmahal, a key initiative by the Mamata-led government. The chief minister, who was told about it later, said: \"I wasn't aware then. It made me feel very happy and satisfied. It only shows their urge to join the mainstream, if given the opportunity. It pleases me to think that my government has been able to do at least some of it.\"Minu, on her part, also expressed her gratitude to the chief minister. \"My brother is in jail. It has been a very difficult few years for our family trying to make ends meet. My husband, Kamal Mahato, has also cleared his junior constable practical examinations. We have a lot to look ahead to now,\" she told TOI.Her brother, Minu says, has been in jail ever since his arrest from a guest house in Jamshedpur's Adityapur on June 21, 2010. Bapi was arrested along with their uncle Bialy Mahato. CBI didn't stop at that. In their chargesheet filed on November 30, 2011, they named Bapi and 22 others for carrying out arguably the worst Maoist attack in the state. Bapi was then a member of the People's Committee against Police Atrocities (PCPA) and Mamata the railway minister. \"I really don't know what he did. As my brother, I always hope and pray that he returns to us safe,\" Minu said.Minu, who cleared her secondary examinations in 2006 from Manipuri School with first division, cleared her senior secondary examination three years later from a high school in Satang. The year CBI implicated Bapi in their chargesheet, Minu completed her graduation from Manikpara College. The same year, on April 12, 2011, she married Kamal. All this happened as Minu's parents - Subir and Shantimoyee - struggled to make ends meet by working in a poultry farm, which Bapi managed before his arrest.Minu says her selection for the job came as a surprise. \"I had appeared for the exam weeks back. I wasn't sure if I'd get it. On Tuesday morning, barely an hour before the ceremony, I was asked to reach the venue. I still wasn't sure what it was for. When I was told I had been selected, I was very happy. I was told by the SI (inspector of schools) that after the school exams are over, we'll be asked to join the school. I am looking forward to it,\" she smiled.West Midnapore DM Surendra Gupta said: \"This is the first phase of recruitment that will be completed over a period of time.\" Minu and the others were also handed their appointment letters in the Santhali script - Ol Chiki.It wouldn't sound surprising that Minu made a strong pitch for peace in Jangalmahal - and a plea that her brother be released. \"Both my parents are elderly and infirm. I stay with my in-laws now in Lalgarh's Purnapani. My other brother Dilip is the family's sole bread earner now. Peace has returned to Jangalmahal. I hope the government now considers by brother's case with sympathy,\" Minu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12904850", "title": "It's raining crorepatis in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The number of crorepatis has increased by 63% in Indore region in the past one year. As per the details provided by income tax (I-T) department, the number has increased to 423 in the year 2011-12 from 260 registered during the previous year.Apart from this, the region has also seen a remarkable growth in the number of people having an annual income of more than Rs 10 lakh. The number of such persons has gone up by 42% to 8,752 as on 31 March this year, when compared to the mark of 6,158 registered last year.Surendra Mishra, chief commissioner of income tax, Indore circle, said: \"Most of the crorepatis hail from the real estate sector. In case of Bhopal region too, the number of individuals earning million rupees per annum went up by 2000 last year.\"However, there has been a significant reduction in corporation tax, which is collected by the department as income tax from various corporate houses. The Indore region of I-T department could only collect Rs 983 crore in the form of corporation tax during the year gone by, as against Rs 1,270 crore achieved by the department during the previous year.Citing the reasons behind it, Mishra said: \"Many Indore-based corporate houses, including Ruchi Soya group, which used to pay Rs 150 crore in the form of income tax, shifted their corporate offices to Mumbai. Indore-based State Bank of Indore was merged with its parent organization, State Bank of India more than a year ago. The bank used to pay Rs 250 crore as income tax per annum to the department. Moreover, the recession in the sectors like cotton and coal due to the hike in the exchange rates has also hit the department's earning.\"\"Meanwhile, more Indore-based companies including Bhatia International Ltd (BIL) were planning to shift their corporate offices to Mumbai. If that happens, it will cause a huge loss to the department's exchequer, added Mishra.The department has also served notices to all those accused who were caught by the enforcement agencies like Lokayukta, economic offences wing and enforcement directorate. We are waiting to get the details from the agencies concerned, based on which we will take further action against the accused, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12903895", "title": "From Kumarakom to Munnar on a seaplane", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For tourists who would want an extended siesta on Kerala's languid backwaters and still share a Kodak moment with the elusive Nilgiri Tahr at Top Station, here is some good news. Soon, seaplanes will take off from the backwaters in Kochi, Alappuzha and Kozhikode ferrying tourists to hilly enclaves like Munnar and Wayanad.\"The idea is to attract tourists who are now unable to complete their trip by road and rail, due to paucity of time and the distances involved. Today, it is difficult for the average tourist to see all the beautiful destinations right from north to south of Kerala in the span of a week,\" KM Chandrasekhar, vice-chairman of state planning board, told TOI.Seaplanes are fixed wing aircraft capable of taking off and landing on water as well as land. Eight to 12-seater seaplanes are extensively used to carry tourists in countries like Maldives, Sri Lanka and Canada which are blessed with expansive inland water bodies.Kerala State Infrastructure Development Corporation will now start developing facilities like jetties and small airstrips in select destinations across Kerala. The Rs 80-crore project will have a public-private partnership. \"The KSIDC along with Kerala Tourism Development Corporation is preparing a project report, looking at business and tourism viability of each destination,\" a senior official involved with the project said.State officials revealed that they have to take into consideration factors like aviation safety and flying expertise as many water bodies in Kerala are situated amidst thickly wooded areas and landing in water would be also be difficult because of tree stumps submerged under water.\"Kerala has a beautiful coastline and backwaters that are ideal for plying seaplanes. But our tourism industry has yet to take off like Goa because of bad roads and transport facilities. The seaplanes may reach out to destinations which were previously inaccessible to tourists,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12903356", "title": "Fund crunch forces firm to stop BRTS work", "text": "JAIPUR: In the absence of sufficient funds, the firm that was awarded the construction of Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), has stopped work.The Jaipur Development Authority confiscated the performance guarantee of Rs 5.22 crore after the work on the project was going at a snail's pace. Following this, the firm stopped work.A senior JDA official said, \"The firm has demanded to release the confiscated money, and then it will start work. However, we have asked the firm to start the project first.\"The Rs 104-crore elevated road project was to be completed in 18 months since its commencement on April 23, 2008. The work was awarded to the firm Neeraj Cement Structural Ltd and ARSS Infrastructure Project Ltd.Till date, the authority has thrice extended the deadline for the project's completion. However, due to shortage of funds, the company has not been able to deliver on time.\"Till date, work of Rs 45 crore has been done. Despite issuing notices and imposing a penalty of Rs 10 lakh, no improvement was witnessed,\" the official said.A source said to save time the JDA wants the same company should carry on with the work but under strick monitoring. \"To avoid further delay, the settlement with the company should be made outside the court so that the project is completed,\" the source said.The delay in construction has hit the daily commuters hard who are facing huge inconvenience. The work on the BRTS corridor from New Sanganer road to Kisandharm Katta is also progressing at an extremely slow rate.Sources in department said the firm had asked the JDA for an advance payment to which the authorities refused saying it was against its policies. According to official reports, only 40% of the construction work of the elevated BRTS corridor has been completed. Due to debt, the authorities had also agreed to provide the mobilization charge to the firm.Recently, the JDA has set December 2012 as the new deadline for the project. However, if the work remains stalled for some more days it would be difficult to meet even this deadline, sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "12904159", "title": "5,000 goats sacrificed at temple fest", "text": "ERODE: At least 5,000 baby goats were slaughtered at a temple festival at Poosariyur near Anthiyur here on Friday and their blood was consumed by the priests and a number of devotees. Childless women too drink blood to invoke the blessings of the deity, regarded locally as the giver of fertility.The ritual was conducted to usher in prosperity to the local agrarian community. Friday was the 17th day of the Tamil calendar month of Chithirai and it was auspicious for Semmunisamy, presiding deity of the ancient temple. Devotees started gathering from the morning with baby goats and they were sacrificed at the temple altar. Priests drank the blood and handed over the rest to the devotees. The meat was distributed free of cost to all.As per local belief, eating the meat will protect them from chronic diseases. A few years ago, animal sacrifices were banned in temples. However, following protests from devotees, the ban was lifted. Those who sacrificed the goats are not supposed to consume it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905665", "title": "Flyover reopens with shaky joints", "text": "BANGALORE: Watch out when you ride up Sirsi Circle flyover. It was closed to the public on April 1 to tighten the nuts and bolts holding it up. But, unable to strike negotiations with a private builder to undertake repairs, the BBMP on Thursday night asphalted the portions where the metallic joints were opened up for replacement, and decided to reopen the flyover, faults and all.The metallic joints play a key role in holding the concrete slabs laid on the road. \"We started work by replacing the worn-out metallic joints with modular joints. We realized that we had to go 35cm deep for this process and that would damage the flyover structure. We have now come up with a novel plan of installing finger type joints, which require digging only 15cm deep, and the structure won't be disturbed. Work is likely to begin within a month as approval is yet to be sought,\" said B T Ramesh, engineer-in-chief, BBMP.Fifteen days after BBMP started its work on Mysore Road, the Technical Vigilance Committee cell conducted an inspection and identified the problems associated with the installation of modular joints.Constructed in 1999, Sirsi Circle flyover is a crucial link to South Bangaloreans travelling to the city. No major repairs were needed until about a month ago, it was announced that the flyover's expansion joints had deteriorated, which was posing a threat to the main structure and obvious hardship to vehicle users.The BBMP had consulted experts on the work to be done and come up with a cost of Rs 265.70 lakh. The replacement work was entrusted to Sanfield India Ltd and work began from April 1, 2012. A phase-wise replacement programme was also planned for the execution of work.Dr Shankar Prasad, a scientist and member of Rajarajeshwari Nagar Residents' Welfare Association, a daily user of the flyover, was concerned that the flyover was now unsafe. \"About a month ago, they completely closed down the right side of the flyover, causing a lot of inconvenience for frequent travelers like me. This also resulted in a traffic jam in the area. It is distressing to know that in spite of closing down the flyover for about a month, they have not beenble to fix the problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12913388", "title": "SIMI activist arrested in Indore", "text": "INDORE: A joint ATS team comprising of Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh on Saturday arrested from the city an alleged activist of banned outfit Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), identified as Anwar Hazi for his connection with unspecified terror acts.Anwar (40), was a close associate of Abrar, who is in custody in Aurangabad, the police said.He is in truck and chassis trade, and lives in Labaria Bhairo area from where he was arrested.According to the police, Anwar had met Abrar in Aurangabad on March 2, 2012. Anwar's role in terror incidents in Maharashtra was to be probed, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12903546", "title": "Mercedes used by Palande seized", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch has seized stock broker Gautam Vora's Mercedes car worth Rs 30 lakh from his Napean Sea Road residence in Mumbai that was allegedly used to drive double murder accused Vijay Palande around after he fled from the police custody.Sources said assistant commissioner of police Arvind Mahabdi seized the white Mercedes car on Wednesday and now it has been made the 'muddemal' (property used in the crime).On Friday, Vora's advocate Devendra Sorankar moved the court for release of the car. \"The car is in the name of Gautam's mother Madhuri Vora and hence, on behalf of her I have made an application that the car should be returned,\" Sorankar said.Meanwhile, Vora was produced before the Esplande court and was remanded in judicial custody till May 11. Police moved the court seeking his custody as they wanted to probe further and also take statements of witnesses like the shopkeeper from whom Vora purchased three T-shirts and a trouser for Palande. They also said that they wanted to record an identification parade.Opposing the police plea, Sorankar told the court that the cops had Vora in their custody for four days and there was nothing to probe further. The court rejected the police plea and remanded Vora in judicial custody.Sorankar immediately applied for bail and it will now come up for hearing on Monday.Vora was arrested by the city crime branch on Monday for allegedly helping Palande, the main accused in the murder of Arunkumar Tikku, after he escaped from police custody on the night of April 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12902903", "title": "21-year-old girl ends life in Malwani", "text": "MUMBAI: A second-year BCom student committed suicide at her residence in Malwani, Malad (W), on Friday. Anisha D'Souza (21) was reportedly upset on learning that she had failed in the final examinations.D'Souza (21) lived in a chawl in Gaikwad Nagar with her parents and brother. The family members were at home on Friday afternoon when she went up to a loft (at a height of 35 ft) inside the chawl and jumped from there.The police said D'Souza came to know of her result in the morning and informed her family members about it. \"The girl was upset about her result and later committed suicide. There is no foul play involved,\" said an officer.Cops said the girl's parents did not see her go up to the loft, which is located on a mezzanine floor. \"Her body has been sent for post-mortem,\" said senior inspector Abdul Rauf Shaikh of the Malwani police station. D'Souza died on the spot, the police added.The girl's father works as a driver. The family had reportedly not reprimanded the girl for having failed in the exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12914384", "title": "Mob sets ablaze murder accused's house in Lakhimpur", "text": "JORHAT: A murder accused's house was set to fire by hundreds of locals of Rongajan village in Lakhimpur district after he confessed his crime before police on Saturday. No one was injured in the attack. The police said the suspect has been arrested and a probe initiated.Hussain Ali has been charged for hacking Nuruddin Ahmed of Chaboti village under Lakhimpur sadar police station on April 10. The police found the victim's decapitated body buried in a paddy field at Sanmari pathar after Hussain reportedly directed them to the spot. ''We still haven't found the victim's head and our interrogation is on. We expect the head will be found soon and the case will be closed as soon as possible,'' said Dimbeswar Roy, OC of Lakhimpur sadar police station.He added: \"Both Hussain and Ahmed were friends and were involved in some joint business for the last several months. But some financial transactions led to a fight and Hussain killed Ahmed. Locals were furious found out the facts and a mob damaged the house and properties of the accused and set it on fire. We deployed CRPF to control the mob and the situation is now under control. Both the police and CRPF have been posted in the area to maintain peace,\" Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12904442", "title": "JD(S) crisis hits Zilla Panchayat meeting over drought situation", "text": "MYSORE: Political crisis in JD(S) over power sharing at the Zilla Panchayat on Friday deprived the members representing rural Mysore from discussing the issue and seeking answers from the officials.The meeting of the zilla panchayat was postponed as members of the ruling JD(S) abstained from it, making their leader Sunitha Veerappagowda, the ZP president, cut a sorry figure. Sunitha, who had refused to vacate her position leading to crisis, didn't budge when the opposition Congress members took on her arguing that she has come to the meeting as scheduled and that if members from her party abstain from it, she cannot be questioned. But the opposition members making the most of the opportunity assailed her, pointing out that the house has not met since four months. Even the budget meeting in March was postponed owing to the controversy.There is acute shortage of drinking water in rural areas. The officials are pointing at the CEO claiming that she has not okayed the projects. We wanted to question her and the officials. If the meeting is not held, what we should do, the opposition leader Manjularaj said. However, Sathyavathi, the CEO, pointing at the lack of quorum said the meeting cannot be held since the rules doesn't permit it. At one point, the members argued that the meeting should held and the government will take a call on it, but Sunitha and the CEO didn't approve of it.JD(S) members have rebelled against Sunitha, who didn't resign even when she was asked to by the party leaders. In a house of 71 members including the MPs and legislators, the law requires that there should be 37 members to hold the meeting. The ZP chief said she is not running away from conducting the meeting when she was cornered by the opposition over putting off it and said she will announce the date of the next meeting shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12903038", "title": "Bahujan Samaj Party alleges spurt in crime", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bahujan Samaj Party on Friday alleged that there is a spurt in crime in Uttar Pradesh ever since the Samajwadi Party came to power and asked chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to seriously work towards providing justice and security to all.Addressing a press conference here, leader of the opposition and state BSP president Swami Prasad Maurya said that law and order has hit a new low in the state and accused the state government of making officials' transfers a \"mini industry in the state\". Citing cases of murders which have been reported from different parts of the state in the recent days, Maurya said, \"These indicate as to how the state has become a hunting ground for criminals and mafia elements in the present government. In merely 40-42 days of the SP government, people have started remembering the good days of BSP's rule of law,\" said Maurya. He added that on an average, four murders were taking place in every district every day and by this rate, 250 murders were taking place in the state every day.The BSP leader advised the chief minister to desist from tall claims and instead seriously work for providing justice and security to all. He said the people of Uttar Pradesh would soon realise their mistake and would repent voting for the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12904337", "title": "Goa Medical College agrees to pull up its socks", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Medical College (GMC) authorities have assured the North Goa sub-divisional magistrate that they will not allow burning of garbage within its complex and will commission an autoclave machine for treating bio-medical waste to provide relief in handling waste.Deputy collector (revenue) Mahesh Khorjuvenkar held a meeting on Friday morning to discuss issues related to garbage management at GMC, after a complaint regarding burning of waste at the complex. Goa civic and consumer action network (GOACAN) had written to the North Goa collector with a copy of a TOI photograph showing the burning of wastes at the GMC complex.Dr Rajan Kuncolienkar, GMC medical superintendent, explained the problems faced by the organization and denied that its staff had resorted to burning the waste at the complex. He alleged that the quarry was also being used for dumping wastes by kiosk owners outside the GMC.He assured that the installation of autoclave machine to treat waste scientifically at GMC would provide a solution to handling of bio-medical waste.During discussions at the meeting chaired by Khorjuvekar, who is holding additional charge as sub-divisional magistrate, a few key problems related to garbage management at GMC complex were identified. \"This is a good beginning and some concrete solutions will be hopefully found,\" a source said. Dr Sanjay Dalvi, director of health services, Dr Kedar Raikar, health officer, primary health centre, Corlim and Roland Martins of GOACAN also attended the meeting.Dr Kuncolienkar said that garbage is spread out in the quarry and covered with mud. But Martins pointed out that as per solid waste management rules, the bottom of the quarry has to be lined adequately to protect leachates from contaminating groundwater.\"It is important that GMC staff is provided training in segregation of garbage,\" Khorjuvekar said. The quarry is being used for dumping to pave way for a car park. But Martins pointed out that burying the garbage under a cover of mud may not be safe.Dr Kuncolienkar said that protests over treating of wastes inside the complex left authorities little option. The kiosks and gaddas outside the GMC complex, which cater to the food requirements of patients, also generate a substantial amount of garbage. \"It contributes to the larger problem of waste management, which is not addressed,\" Martins said.Though the corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) has an understanding with GMC for garbage management, it is not in writing.The participants decided to work towards streamlining garbage management as the GMC is also handling the entire state's medical waste. \"There has to be a proper long-term solution,\" Martins said. The plastic waste should not go into a general system. Segregation of bio-medical and non-medical wastes was emphasized at the meeting. It was felt that the quantum of waste and other aspects at GMC should be studied to find a solution.A second meeting by incorporating a few other stakeholders, including Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB), directorate of panchayats and St Cruz and Curca-Bambolim panchayats, will be held to vet the issue further.Concerns were raised that the garbage management problem at GMC will aggravate with the rise in waste. The PHC, Corlim, had issued a show cause notice to GMC authorities regarding the poor garbage management at the complex under Goa Public Health Act in February, 2012.A fire was still burning in the quarry and fire services personnel rushed to the site to extinguish a fire on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12905302", "title": "Food and Drug Administration stirs into action, cracks the whip on juice centres", "text": "BHOPAL: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) department has launched a crackdown on juice centres in the wake of reports of use of industrial ice-unfit for human consumption- by them across the city.Subsequently, food inspectors inspected various juice shops in New Market on Friday. During the inspection, ice at five juice centres was reportedly found harmful for human consumption.\"The ice sold by Saleem ice depot was found contaminated,\" food inspector DK Verma said. Following this, the administration has placed a notice board in front of his shop saying the ice sold in this shop is harmful for human consumption,\" he added.Other shops raided by the FDA include, Laxmi Juice Centre, Chacha juice centre, Mama Juice Centre and mess of the Maulana Azad National Institution of Technology (MANIT).Collector Nikunj Shrivastava on Friday also instructed food inspectors to keep a check on food items sold in the open in the city.\"We have come to a solution: throw away any food item that is kept open by shopkeepers,\" collector Nikunj Shrivastava said at a meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12903429", "title": "Baseline survey of voters in June", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has decided to carry out a baseline survey of knowledge, attitude, behaviour, belief and practices (KABBP) of voters in Gujarat starting with June 1. Similar surveys were carried out ahead of the recent elections, including in Uttarakhand , Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu , Kerala, West Bengal and Assam in order to gauge the mood of the voters, sources in the ECI said.The sources said, around 5,000 voters will be taken in at random for the survey from around a dozen-odd assembly constituencies. \"While making a choice of voters, the ECI will take into account areas with highest and lowest voter turnout, with highest and lowest female voter turnout, with highest and lowest literacy rates, with gaps in female voter registration vis-a-vis gender ratio,\" the sources said, adding, \"Both rural and urban voters will be targeted.\"\"A special objective of carryout of the survey in Gujarat is find out the voter behaviour in vulnerable areas, where poor and socially backward sections, including minorities, are not allowed to vote,\" the sources said, adding, \"Based on this, a new vulnerability map will be carved out for conducting polls in Gujarat to ensure that none is barred from voting.\"The main objective of the baseline survey, the sources said, would be to understand the extent and level of the knowledge, belief, perception, readiness, trends, factors and reasons of participation or non-participation of the registered voters in the elections and voting process.\"The questions that will be asked include views on the democratic process, whether democracy is successful, the type of candidates the voters would like to choose, whether the voters would like to prefer an icon, and so on,\" the sources said.A senior expert from ECI will come down from Delhi for the survey, which will continue for a month, ie till June-end. The survey data will be handed over for analysis to a social science institute in Gujarat. The results will be out in August. Thereafter, the ECI will start doing voter education programme through the media, starting in September.\"Through the survey, the ECI will understand the reasons for people not coming forward for enrollment in electoral rolls, photo updation and electoral photo identity cards (EPIC),\" the sources said, adding, \"The survey will assess the level of awareness, comprehension, involvement and satisfaction with the registration process and EPIC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904754", "title": "Greater city in need of policing overhaul", "text": "HYDERABAD: An IPS officer recently said that the Hyderabad city police commissionerate is like a cup placed on an oversized saucer, the saucer being the Cyberabad police commissionerate. This is quite an apt description.The cup has been sitting on nearly 200 sq kms for a long time while the saucer, occupying an area approximately 18 times greater, was created more recently without any serious thought going into its development.Lately, the idea of merger of both these policing areas was thrown up and has become a debatable point. Director general of police V Dinesh Reddy believes that the two should be merged and the resultant jumbo-size commissionerate be headed by a special or chief city police commissioner. His comments have led to two things __ one, a flood of speculations and the second, setting up of a five-member panel to go into the issue and submit a report. The panel, set up by Dinesh Reddy himself, is headed by his lieutenant Addl DG (law and order) S A Huda. It has Hyderabad police chief A K Khan, Cyberabad chief Dwarka Thirumal Rao, Addl DG (CID) Ramnamurthy and Addl DG (intelligence) Mahinder Reddy as members.So far the panel has reportedly not reached any unanimity on the structure of the new commissionerate. As per the proposal, the two commissionerates would be merged and divided into four zones, each headed by an IG-rank commissioner. The head of the new commissionerate, of the rank of Addl DG, would be called chief commissioner.While some of the members of the panel agree with the above and want it to be implemented right away, others opine that the issue needs a more professional approach. All the powers of the new commissionerate would be concentrated in the hands of the chief commissioner, they point out. The commissioners, on the other hand, would not be able to function independently with the constant threat of transfer hanging on their heads. Such situations could arise during agitations like that of Telangana movement or during communal violence.Several observers also feel that the DGP should have undertaken the exercise after getting it cleared by the government. Home minister Sabita Reddy and senior officers in the government have said the police department has sent no proposal for the merger or restructuring of the commissionerates.The immediate requirement, these observers add, is to restructure both the commissionerates instead of merging them. This is more so needed in Cyberabad because of the vast area it covers. Sensitive installations such as the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport, DRDO, NFC and the cluster of MNCs are located in Cyberabad. Connectivity is also a major problem, especially between the commissioner's office and the zonal headquarters.Others feel that if the merger does happen, then the four zones should be independent commissionerates instead of putting them under one chief commissioner. The argument that 'smaller administrative units are more efficient' could be put to test then.The entire debate, however, has brought home the moot point that the system of policing is in need of change. The police department is becoming top-heavy with countless numbers of Addl DGs, IGs and DIGs. Many of these officers have no work to do except twiddle their thumbs and socialise. A broad-based committee of experts from various fields should be put in place to discuss how to improve the functioning of the police department with special focus on the restructuring of Hyderabad and Cyberabad commissionerates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12894646", "title": "Summer soiree for the ladies", "text": "Rannvijay was seen enjoying the company of some beautiful women recently at a Mumbai hotel.Nivea, in its centennial year, added one more milestone to its expertise range in India with the launch of Nivea Sun.The launch happened over a brunch amid celebrities and a beautiful summer setup. The ladies - Lara Dutta, Mandira Bedi and Sheetal Mallar looked glamourous. Rakshit Hargave, managing director of Nivea, was also present here. The celebs discussed the must-haves for this summer and how they were introduced to the brand during their overseas travel. Rakshit said, \"One of the leading sun care brands worldwide is now available in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12902594", "title": "28-year-old robbed of Rs 30k near bank", "text": "NASHIK: A 28-year-old from the Ashwin Nagar area of the city was robbed in a lane near the State Bank of India (SBI) branch at Lekha Nagar, Cidco. Shankar Bhadro, a resident of Ashwin Nagar, Cidco, said on April 26 at 10.30pm, when he was outside the bank branch, a stranger approached him and asked him where he was working and took him to a lane nearby, where another man was waiting. They then threatened him with a sharp object and robbed him of the Rs 30,000 he was carrying. A complaint has been lodged at the Ambad Police Station.Car logo stolen: Theft of the logo of a car has been reported near Sarda Kanya Vidyalaya. Complainant Subhash Birari said a logo worth Rs 16,000 of his BMW car was stolen when it was parked in front of Sarda Kanya Vidyalaya on April 26 between 6.00 pm and 7.00 pm. Bhadrakali police are investigating the case.Rs 1L stolen from bus: A theft of over Rs 1L took place at the Old Central Bus Stand. Sunita Dattatray Devre was boarding a bus from the Kalwan Stand at CBS on April 26 at 10.45am, when someone opened the chain of her bag and stole a phone and a gold chain, totally worth Rs1L. A case in this regard has been registered at the Sarkarwada Police Station.Break-in at Panchavati : Rs 8,000 were stolen in a house break-in at Vaishali Nagar, Panchavati. Yogesh Avhad said on Wednesday, someone broke into his house and stole Rs 8,000 in cash from the cupboard. The Panchavati Police are investigating the case.Motorcycle stolen: A Yamaha motorcycle worth Rs 70,000 was stolen on Wednesday from the the residence of Mahesh Gaikwad. Gaikwad said he last remembered leaving his bike in the parking lot of his building at Harpriya Sankul, Pokar Colony, Panchavati. The Panchavati police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12902546", "title": "Forum orders Spanco to restore power supply to a consumer's unit", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL consumer forum for Nagpur urban zone has ordered power franchisee Spanco to compensate a consumer who had been unjustly disconnected by the company on April 14. The consumer has been issued a bill of over 73,000, but the company has so far not given him a hearing in spite of his request.The flying squad of Spanco on April 10 checked the meter of Surendra Pal, who runs a fabrication unit in Om Nagar, Koradi Road, using an acu-check meter. As the seal was broken the company took away the meter and replaced it with another one on April 12.Pal was charged with using a domestic connection for commercial purposes and booked under Section 126 of Electricity Act. A fine of Rs 73,492 was imposed on him. The new got damaged on April 14. Pal paid Rs 700 for a new meter but Spanco disconnected him asking him to pay the fine first.A shocked Pal approached the Consumer Service &amp; Research Association and told them about the incident. Secretary Anand Mule, pointed out to Spanco officials that as per the company's panchnama the meter was being used for commercial purposes. The electricity bill also reflected this fact. Secondly, even though the seal was broken, the testing report stated that meter accuracy was found to be 2.48% (faster than required). The pulse test also showed that meter was OK.Mule said that he was ready for a hearing provided the supply was restored immediately. However, Spanco officials then claimed that Pal had no locus standi as he was not the meter owner and said that they would deal with the landlord Dilip Tembhare. The officials further claimed that Pal had intentionally burned down the meter.Mule contended that Pal would not achieve anything by burning the new meter. If at all he wanted to destroy evidence he would have damaged the original meter, which was with Spanco. However, this argument did not cut any ice with the company.The company then served a notice to Tembhare on April 17 asking him to pay Rs 73,492. Tembhare then moved the consumer forum on April 21. His representative DD Dave appealed that the supply should be restored immediately, the meter cost should be refunded in further bills and Spanco be asked to pay fine for delay in restoring supply as per MERC norms.The forum ordered Spanco to immediately restore supply on April 25 and scheduled the hearing on May 8 for the other demands. The supply was restored on Friday. Mule has also charged that Spanco was not given a written reply to the request for a hearing on the 73,492 bill issued to Pal and was only talking to him on telephone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12903899", "title": "Danapur station may be developed as terminal point", "text": "PATNA: With the volume of traffic flow increasing under Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR), the railways has decided to give a facelift to Danapur station, one of the oldest stations of the railways in the eastern zone. The railways is mulling to develop this station as a terminal point to cope with huge rush of traffic and passengers.Divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha, said, \"It is true Danapur station is in a poor shape now and needs to be developed on priority basis. The railways will ensure that this grand old station is equipped with all kinds of amenities for passengers. This station is the main artery of the division while Patna Junction is the hub of passengers.\"Jha said that the railways would soon build a state-of-the-art refreshment room and two retiring rooms at Danapur station. A spacious waiting hall for sleeper class passengers would also be provided just outside the station so that passengers could avail the facilities. The railway has already set up a VIP lounge at the station, he said. The railways has also planned to build separate building on the west end of the station to house the present passenger reservation system (PRS) counter at an estimated cost of about Rs 80 lakh. The circulating area of the station passes through the NH 90.Efforts are on to shift it a little away from the present location for free movement of passengers, Jha said. He admitted that the traffic jam at railway level crossing gate at Jagjiwan stadium has been causing hardship to pedestrians and vehicle owners. Though a road over bridge ( ROB ) is proposed to be built by the state government there, the railways has also decided to widen the crossing gate to four lanes for smooth flow of heavy vehicles through railway crossing gate at Khagaul, he said. Jha said the railways has no option than to develop Danapur station where there is enough space to carry out development plan. Patna Junction and Rajendra Nagar Terminal are already saturated from traffic operation or maintenance of coaches point of view. \"Danapur station thus could be developed as the next terminal of the division to meet the operational needs of the railways,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "story ", "code": "12907721", "title": "Hothat Sedin", "text": "Story : The film is about Deepa's love story and how her present life gets over-shadowed by her past. It's also about what choices does she make and how they change her lifeMovie Review : When a film is co-produced by people from India and Bangladesh film industry, one can be sure of the facts that the main protagonists would be from both the countries, the side actors also would be a mix of both and the locations would definitely include Kolkata and Dhaka. While ticking off these 'necessary' points, the veteran director (Basu Chatterjee) has forgotten to look after matters like - the film's storyline, screenplay and definitely the acting part of it! While watching the movie, one would feel extremely sad for the director. He has not only directed and written the screenplays of some of the Bollywood classics but also has six Filmfare awards in his kitty! What made him to direct this movie - this is the only question that'll haunt you after coming out of the hall.It's a story about Deepa (Ridhdhima) and her boyfriend Sanjay (Ferdous). From the film's dialogues and locations, one can assume that it's based on today's time. But Deepa, who is a PhD student, always wears sarees and reads 25 years old novel. Sanjay is involved in office politics and nothing else, so Deepa feels neglected. So when she gets an opportunity to apply for lectureship in a college in Dhaka (!), she jumps at it. In Dhaka lives her estranged college-sweetheart Nabin (Abhiraj). So when Deepa meets him again, the old flame reignites and changes her life.The film has some serious continuity problem. Here's some of them - 7 PM in Kolkata is shown like 2 PM in the afternoon, the same posters are shown outside a movie hall in a gap of at least four years, Sanjay uses emails in his office but when Deepa goes to Bangladesh, they communicate with letters - the list can go on and on. Riddhima acts like she's in the 70s era. Otherwise, which modern girl sleeps in a saree? Ferdous looks his age but at least gives some effort while acting . On the other hand, Abhiraj looks uninterested and bored. The climax also comes abruptly, as if the filmmaker has suddenly lost his interest in the making! One thing for sure, Basu Chatterjee should really reconsider his decision to make a movie like this and leave us movie-lovers alone with the sweet memories of his \"Choti Si Baat\" or \"Baton Baton Mein\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905112", "title": "Seer oversees arrangements", "text": "BANGALORE: Siddaganga mutt seer Sri Shivakumara Swamiji, is personally supervising arrangements for AICC president Sonia Gandhi's visit, and is constantly interacting with Congress leaders on the issue.On Friday, the pontiff inquired with Congress leaders whether Sonia preferred to have coffee or tea and some snacks when she arrives at the mutt at 11am, after visiting Nagasamudra village in Chitradurga district. He also wanted to find out whether the arrangements made at Siddaganga Institute of Technology Kennedy guesthouse, where Sonia will take a small break and refresh herself, were adequate, a Congress leader told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905175", "title": "Now, BEML in trouble for land scam", "text": "BANGALORE: BEML, whose supply of Tatra trucks to the Army is being investigated by the CBI, has landed in a fresh controversy as its top officials and their kin have been accused of benefiting from an out-of-turn allotment of 63 sites by the BEML Employees Co-operative Society. The beneficiaries allegedly include a former PMO official's relative.Three BEML employees - Martin Luther , C Umesh and S Vishwanatha - have moved the Karnataka HC, alleging they were transferred from Bangalore to Kolar Gold Fields as they formally complained to the registrar of co-operative societies against the BEML society's out-of-turn allotment of 63 sites in the city.A top BEML official, currently facing CBI heat, was allegedly allotted two sites, No. 795 and 796, in Thubarahalli, Varthur, Bangalore South taluk for a sum of Rs 8,58,000. The out-of-turn allottees include 32 non-applicant members, three non-applicant top officials, four non-applicant society directors and 24 outsiders/non-members.The petitioners have alleged that the allotment of sites to outsiders/non-members or non-applicants was in violation of the society's bye-laws. Only functional directors are eligible to get sites, while directors who are part of the board are not considered to be employees.They said owing to this out-of-turn allotment, many applicants including the petitioners, all genuine members, who had paid the entire sale consideration, were deprived of sites.The allotments violated bye-law No10 (Clause b) which states that a BEML employee who has put in five years of service would become eligible for allotment of sites.The high court is expected to hear the petition after the summer vacation. Lawyer for the petitioners Subramanya Bhat told TOI: \"While the case in the high court is about their arbitrary transfer, we have also noted in the petition that there is a land allotment issue that was the cause of the transfer. The order in this case will have a bearing on the land allotments too and this includes some of the top-most officials of BEML.\"Meanwhile, BEML management said they have nothing to do with the society and that the petitioners' claims could be placed before the registrar of co-operative societies that is a quasi-judicial body empowered to deal with co-operative society matters.BEML Employees Co-operative Society president N Munnagappa said: \"Since the society's formation in 1972, not a single site has been given to anyone illegally. Top officials of BEML in the management and board have been given sites under 5% discretionary quota, under which they are eligible. Associate members too have been given sites as associate membership is allowed under the law. We have allotted 8,000 sites in Bangalore so far and that includes sites to directors, and chairmen from 1972 onwards. Some top officials have got sites of 50 ft x 80 ft dimension. We are only continuing a tradition that has been in place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12903096", "title": "Department of town and country planning revises policy for recovery of external development charges", "text": "GURGAON: The department of Town and Country Planning ( DTCP) has announced a revised policy for the recovery of pending external development charges (EDC) and interest dues from builders in case of default in payment of scheduled instalments and relief in terms of approvals or permissions after securing additional bank guarantee.The policy will be applicable to all licensed colonies of the state except those falling in the Gurgaon-Manesar Urban Complex for the time being. In case of \"reputed builders\", the EDC payment can be made in regular instalments at 15 to 18% interest. For newcomers, the entire EDCs are charged in lump sum to ensure timely payments.According to builders, the policy is to give a fair chance to cash-crunched builders who have been unable to pay their EDC instalments. However, this may lead to increased cost for the end users.All references to \"overdue EDC\" in this policy may be read as \"overdue EDC including overdue enhanced EDC and interest or penal interest dues thereon\".According to the new policy, any renewal or approval under the present policy shall be considered only if all other government dues like the IDC, renewal fee and scrutiny fee are cleared by the licensee. In addition, the licensee will pay the future instalments of EDC and enhanced EDC as and when they become due.In the case of renewal of licences, irrespective of overdue EDC, they would be considered under the present policy subject to submission of additional bank guarantee for 25% of the gross overdue EDC on the date of grant of such approval.The bank guarantee shall be valid for a period of 15 months from the date of such approval. The bank guarantee shall not be released in parts. The entire bank guarantee shall be released in one go after the receipt of such overdue EDCs.There would be an undertaking from the licencee to clear the overdue EDC in four quarterly instalments spread over a period of one year from such approval.The policy, according to Navin Raheja, president of the National Real Estate Development Council (NAREDCO), is a win-win situation for both the developers, who might be facing shortage of funds and escalation in bank interest rates, and the end user. \"Any project which might be stalled for the non-payment of EDC, which in turn delays NOCs, etc can be continued under this new policy as the developer can partly pay for the bank guarantee and pay the rest as instalments, ensuring timely delivery,\" explained Raheja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12905312", "title": "High-end bikes gaining traction among college-goers in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Youths in Bhopal may not own macho Harley Davidsons, Hayabusas and Ducatis, but they enjoy Yamaha RI5, Honda CBR, Apache and Enfield-350 bikes. Even girls are not far behind. And their favourite road to power ahead speed machines - no prize for guessing-- is the VIP road. Trendy bikes are definitely becoming a style statement for Bhopal youths these days, especially among college going students.The trend, of late, is fast firming up. For fashion-savvy youth, the speed machines are much more than indispensable style statement. \"Riding expensive and speedy bikes gives me thrills. My dream to own one came true after buying Honda CBR. I love to ride it,\" said Faiz Mohammad Khan, a second year student of Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT). My friends , too, are getting into the fast lane riding to college on sporty bikes.The bike-loving youths are showing a penchant for superbikes of reputed brands. With number of private engineering colleges and students pursuing courses in the city going up, the trend of such sports bikes is gaining momentum steadily though.The craze for bikes among MANIT students can be gauged from the fact that some students own 3-4 sports bikes each. \"I have three bikes -- Honda CBR, Apache and Enfield-350. I am quite crazy for sports bikes,\" said Gaurav Jaisinghania.The craze is not limited to boys alone. Even girls enjoy biking. Rechal Meha Harry, a first year engineering student said, \"Trendy bikes and long rides is more of my kind.\" She has been driving bike since she was in Class VIII.However, owners of super bikes cannot afford rides at wind speed in most parts of the city, thanks to the pitiable condition of the city roads. As it is, most of roads with potholes are under construction or are too congested to shift into top gear that super bikes offer. \"With pathetic condition of roads in the city, my bike only serves a sole purpose -style statement,\" said another engineering student, Akshay Raja, who owns a Yamaha R15. \"VIP road is the only proper road where I can fulfill my desire to get a swift ride,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908132", "title": "Technological Seminar", "text": "A seminar conducted by ISA students' chapter of Heritage Institute of Technology provided the right exposure to budding tech studentsKOLKATA: The ISA students' chapter of Heritage Institute of Technology Kolkata in association with Indian Vacuum Society conducted a seminar on April 24. Dr R K Bhandari, director, department of atomic energy, Variable Energy Cyclotron Centre, Government of India, said, \"India needs to fully exploit the potential accelerators in a large variety of fields to boost technological progress.\"Focusing on the applications of Vacuum Technology, Heritage Institute of Technology organised such a seminar to give the right exposure to the budding tech students of applied electronics and instrumentation so that they can understand the role of vacuum technology on charging particle accelerators which can be a boon to the mankind.\"Accelerated particles can give high velocity protons which create radiation to treat cancer. It may cure cancer tumours in brains as well as spinal cords which are very much difficult be cured through other techniques of cancer treatment,\" said Dr Bhandari. Also he explained the other progresses made by Vaccum Technology and elaborated on their influence in today's life. His discussions were detailed, minute and helpful for the students present at the seminar.The seminar also had Scientist Gautam Pal, from Variable Energy Cyclotron Centre (VECC) and also a member of Indian Vacuum Society; Scientist D L Bandyapadhyay, ex VECC and member of Indian Vacuum Society; Prof A K Ghoshal, professor at Jadavpur University and Member of Indian Vacuum Society; Probir Roy, executive director, Heritage Institute of Technology; Dr Pranay Chaudhuri, principal, Heritage Institute of Technology; Prof B B Poira, director, Heritage Institute of Technology; Prof Arabinda Kr Pal, HOD, Department of Applied Electronics, Heritage Institute of Technology; Prof Arun K Ray, Heritage Institute of Technology and Prof Sreeparna Dasgupta, Heritage Institute of Technology.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12905089", "title": "We are not political pawns, say Lingayat seers", "text": "MYSORE: They may be the kingmakers, but Lingayat seers are not too pleased that mutt functions are being given a political twist. Mutt pontiffs on Friday maintained that every political party was trying to make use of occasions like the Guruvandana ( thanksgiving ) to derive political mileage.As is bound to happen on Saturday, when AICC president Sonia Gandhi visits Siddaganga mutt in Tumkur. The Congress has already whipped up hype around Sonia's meeting, and hopes to translate it into bulk Lingayat backing when the hour of electoral reckoning dawns.Pontiffs of some mutts contacted by TOI said: \"Lingayats are not pawns of a particular political party or its property. This is the message the Guruvandana programme at the Siddaganga mutt intends to send to all parties.''Implying that Lingayat mutts and seers want to erase the impression that they are loyal to the BJP or former CM B S Yeddyurappa, in particular. At the same time, they justified a delegation of Lingayat mutts seers led by Shivakumara Swamiji meeting Yeddyurappa when he was in judicial custody. \"Political circumstances and the situation forced some of us to extend moral support to Yeddyurappa. But this does not mean we are BJP supporters,'' one of the seers said.According to Sri Jayamrutunjaya Swamiji of Panchamshali peetha in Kudalasangama: \"The Siddaganga seer meets and blesses anybody who comes to him. There is no need to attach any political significance to the meeting,'' he added. The Congress, though, sees the occasion of Sonia sharing the dais with mutt seer Sri Shivakumara Swamiji as crucial to the party's fortunes.Seeking to play down the buzz generated on Sonia's visit, Sri Chandrashekar Swamiji of Hosmutt in Hubli asked: \"Why should we worry or talk about the Congress drawing political mileage out of the meet? It is an occasion to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Siddaganga seer and it is out of respect to him that she is attending. If political parties are trying to gain political mileage, it is left to their wisdom and is not our concern.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12904294", "title": "Mapusa association wants urban development minister to develop town", "text": "PANAJI: Mapusa Nagrikancho Ekvott has opposed the location of the proposed new bus stand and has suggested that it be shifted so as to decongest traffic at the entry point to the town.The association has also suggested that the bridge across the Mapusa river should be broadened.In a meeting at the Porvorim secretariat with urban development minister, Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza, on Thursday, the association's members submitted a memorandum on the issues plaguing the town and suggested possible solutions.Top on the list were issues of the municipal market-from freewheeling two-wheeler riders to the desilting and cleaning of the nullah.Toilet facilities within the town and a park along the river front were also suggested. D'Souza told the association's members that he would constitute a committee to suggest how the town can be developed in a manner that would decongest it while making it more citizen-friendly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902523", "title": "Ex-servicemen welcome President's decision", "text": "PUNE: Members of the Justice for Jawans, an ex-servicemen's forum that has been campaigning for the last few days against the project for President Pratibha Patil's post-retirement home on a plot of defence land at Khadki, have welcomed the president's decision to forgo her accommodation. They, however, said that the decision has come too late.\"I welcome the President's decision but it should have come much earlier,\" said Anoop Awasthi, an ex-officer of the Indian Navy and member of the ex-servicemen's forum. \"The President being the supreme commander of the armed forces should not have opted for an A-I defence land plot, which is meant only for defence purposes,\" he said.Awasthi said, \"A timely decision by the President could have saved the loss of taxpayers' money in the form of the work carried out, not to mention the demolition of the two old bungalows on the plot and the felling of trees, to make way for the project.\"He said, \"The army should now take possession of the plot and build a suitable recreational facility for jawans. The remaining part of the plot should be given to construct a facility for war widows.\"Commander (Retd) Ravindra Pathak said, \"Ultimately people's power has prevailed. I am extremely happy that the President has taken this decision.\"A senior official from the office of the chief engineer, Military Engineering Services, which is the implementing authority for the project, said, \"We will wait for the government's instructions regarding what to do with the plot in the wake of the fresh development.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905387", "title": "Truck ploughs into house, kills man", "text": "BANGALORE: A sand-laden truck ploughed into a house and entered the bedroom after crashing through the compound wall, killing a labourer sitting in the vehicle. This happened at Ramakrishna Layout, near Malagala, off Nagarbhavi Ring Road, on Friday morning.\"The head of the household, Rajesh , was taking bath, while his wife and mother were in the kitchen preparing food when the accident occurred at 7.20am ,\" police said.The labourer, identified as T Krishnamurthy, 36, a native of Hassan and resident of Sunkadakatte, who was sitting in the cabin of the truck, was killed on the spot as he was trapped between the vehicle and debris of the house.An eyewitness to the ghastly accident, A Vittal Pujar, told police that he was outside his house when the speeding lorry careened off the main road and ploughed into his neighbour Rajesh's residence. Rajesh had moved into the house as a tenant only a year ago.The truck driver and the cleaner fled from the spot, after leaving the vehicle behind.Police launched a manhunt for the missing driver, who was later found taking treatment for his injuries in a private hospital. The cleaner, too, was at the hospital.The driver has been identified as Amir, 30, a native of Chitradurga, while the cleaner is Rangappa, 35.\"We have booked a case of rash and negligent driving leading to death (sections 279 and 304-A of IPC) against the driver. We have also invoked section 427 of IPC against him for damaging property. We will make the arrests after he is out of hospital where he is undergoing treatment,\" assistant commissioner of police Lakshmipathy Gowda told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903470", "title": "Gujarat to be showcased at Cannes Film Festival", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat is all set to be showcased at the Cannes Film Festival. This will be the maiden attempt of the state tourism department to woo international filmmakers to the state.The Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited (TCGL) has decided to mark its presence through the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) at the Cannes Film festival which is scheduled to begin from May 16. Sources said that the TCGL has already approached CII for the space.Atreyee Talapatra, director, CII, Delhi, confirmed that Gujarat has shown interest in highlighting its tourism potential at Cannes. \"We have been hiring space for the Cannes Film Market and this time the theme was the shooting location of India. This is the ninth year that CII will have it presence in the festival. To show the Indian location, CII had approached several states and Gujarat had shown keen interest,\" She said, adding that CII is also coming up with a director of shooting location.This is the first time that Gujarat tourism will have its presence felt at the international festival. Earlier, during the producers meeting in Mumbai, Gujarat had made presentation of its location and the facilities it offers.The TCGL officer said that this would be the first time that TCGL will step out of Gujarat. Earlier, the department had gone global in various tourism magazines through Amitabh Bachchan advertisement, \"Khushboo Gujarat ki.\"TCGL sets up special cell for filmsThe TCGL has formed a special cell to woo and facilitate film producers for shooting in Gujarat. It has also announced that all permits required for shooting will be arranged by the special cell.A nodal officer has been appointed to oversee the facilities for all producers coming to the state. The cell will approach and convince film producers to come and shoot in Gujarat.This will indirectly showcase Gujarat to the country and world and boost tourism. The special cell will not only suggest locations, but will also ensure that the necessary permits including that from the Archaeological Survey of India are obtained. \"If required, the TCGL will also make arrangement for police,\" said the TCGL officer.\"The cell will facilitate the producers to not only choose location, but will also give them an ideal opportunity to shoot in the state,\" said Vipul Mitra, principal secretary, tourism.\"The government is keen to attract film makers and this cell will just give permission without any hassle to the producers. The recent shooting of a south Indian film in Kutch was the example of the success of this cell,\" said another official.The official said that apart from the cell, the department has decided not to collect any charge for the infrastructure facilities and even offer TCGL properties at subsidized rate. Usually other states charge even for the police protection.\"The only condition will be that that the producer will have to give courtesy to the state and even mention the places where the shooting had taken place,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12905742", "title": "Haryana to get new policy for HCS nominations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The chief minister could have nominated a government employee in Haryana directly to the coveted executive branch of Haryana Civil Services (HCS).But a new policy won't give room for that. From now on, all nominations to the HCS (executive branch) would be only after a thorough selection procedure and a fixed criteria. The state government is finalizing a selection process and criteria for such nominations with the consultation of the Haryana Public Service Commission (HPSC).On finalization, the criteria of selections and the procedure would also be displayed on the HPSC portal. Change in the 'archaic' procedure, which has always been under scanner because of alleged arbitrariness and favouritism, has come following the intervention of the Punjab and Haryana high court. As of now, the current procedure was considered for providing backdoor entry to cronies of the state government.The issue had reached before the high court through a petition filed by Anand Prakash, who fought Ruchika molestation case against SPS Rathore, challenging the January 2011 circular issued by the present Haryana government nominating 17 persons for the post of HCS (executive). The main allegation was that the said circular was in complete violation of the statutory rules and issued without following the process as prescribed by law. It was also submitted that age for the nomination was extended to 55 years as on January 1, 2011, allegedly to accommodate the present personal secretary to the present chief minister, Randhir Singh, who was not eligible under the rules otherwise. Further allegations that the qualifications were tailor-made to suit Randhir Singh and other such candidates by the government were also levelled in the petition.In certain cases, where the officers did not have sufficiently good record of service, the service records were also allegedly upgraded before making the nominations in a malafide exercise of power. The circular was stayed by the high court and further led to the formulation of new policy and criteria for selection.Importantly, not only the present Congress government, the nominations made during previous Om Prakash Chautala government had also remained under scanner, where party supporter officers were allegedly nominated as HCS. During the Chautala regime around 15 such persons were nominated for HCS and even one of them was later found with fake degree and dismissed from service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12912938", "title": "British Council holds education expo in Kerala capital", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An one-day education expo by the British Council, showcasing the academic opportunities in the UK, wooed large number of academic aspirants in the city today.It was for the second time that the British Council, the UK's international organization for education and cultural relations, hosted the 'Education UK Exhibition' here.At the event,delegates from a number of British univarsities such as Bedfordshire, University of East London, London Metropolitan University, Manchester Metropolitan University, Plymouth University, University College Plymouth St Mark &amp; St John, Sheffield Hallam University, Swansea University and University of West London, participated.Arrangements were made for students and parents to meet UK delegates directly and collect details about the range of subjects and the level of courses from them.Information on student visas and on the scholarships like Jubilee Scholarships, announced for this September 2012 entry, were also provided.Jubilee Scholarships would be awarded to 60 Indian students, interested in studying for a one year masters degree in manufacturing, science and technology or management.Funded by the British Council and the UK government, each Scholarship would cover tuition fee, living expenses, international airfares and visa fee, Nim Bahadur, a British Council official said here.The Council would host similar education exhibitions in other Indian cities like Lucknow, Vijayawada, Surat and Guwahati in May, he added.At present, more than 5000 Indian students are studying in the UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902491", "title": "2 get life term for murder of LMC chief", "text": "PUNE: Three years after the murder of Lonavla municipal council (LMC) president Raju Hiralal Chaudhari alias Bhupendra, the court of additional sessions judge V V Joshi on Friday sentenced the two accused to life imprisonment with a fine of Rs 13,000 each.The accused - Sumit Gawli (27) and Jaffar Shaikh (27) - were also sentenced to five years of rigorous imprisonment (RI) on charges of attempting to murder Umesh Mudaliyar, member of LMC school board, also an eye witness in the case.The accused were further sentenced to three years RI for destroying evidence. The sentences will run concurrently.The four other suspects - Prakash Gawli (27), Amit Gawli (27), Shashikant Jadhav (63) and Girish Kamble (32) - were acquitted due to lack of evidence.On May 26, 2009, around 2.15 pm, Chaudhari (53) was chatting with Mudaliyar in his office, when Gawli and Shaikh barged into the chamber and started to abuse him, the prosecution had said. Gawli dragged Chaudhari from his chair and attacked him with a sharp weapon on various parts of his body, killing him on the spot. When Mudaliyar tried to intervene, Gawli and his accomplice hit him on the head with the same weapon and made a daring escape. Chaudhari had received 42 wounds.According to the prosecution, Chaudhari was president of the LMC for two years prior to his death and was about to complete his tenure. However, even after the completion of his tenure, he was expected to continue in the post since it was reserved for other backward class candidates. This had reduced the chances of Gawli's brother, Amit, from getting elected as president. Amit was an elected representative in the LMC.Meanwhile, the incident had created a law-and-order problem in Lonavla. The Pune rural police had filed chargesheets against six people in the murder case.Out of the 26 witnesses, six had turned hostile, but special public prosecutor Sadanand Deshmukh and the victim's lawyer, Suresh Gawli, had relied on the evidence of Mudaliyar and others for proving the guilt of the accused.The 49 page judgment reads that the prosecution had proved that the accused had murdered Chaudhari even as eye witnesses and injured persons had tried to save him. The accused had also assaulted them with sharp weapons and had disappeared with the evidence.Judge Joshi held that the motive of committing the murder was clear since the LMC, in a demolition drive, had demolished the hotels run by Gawli and his family. Even though Chaudhari had nothing to do with the drive, Gawli had held him responsible. The LMC had launched the drive as per the directions of the Bombay high court.Judge Joshi observed that the prosecution had proved that Gawli had committed the murder in connivance with Shaikh. In the cross examination of witnesses, it was brought on record that there was political rivalry between the family members of the deceased and the accused.The prosecution had also proved that blood stains of the victim found on the clothes of the accused and the weapons seized from them had tallied with the victim's blood group, the judge added.On the acquittal of four suspects, Deshmukh told TOI that he will file an appeal in the Bombay high court after receiving a certified copy of the judgment. The accused were represented by lawyers Dhairyasheel Patil and Sushilkumar Pise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12903853", "title": "Woman Maoist Nirmala surrenders", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After working as an active Maoist for nearly seven years, Nirmala, a 25-year old tribal woman, surrendered to police on Friday.Clutching a country-made pistol and a .303 rifle, Nirmala inched her way to the office of south-western range DIG Soumendra Priyadarshi at Malkangiri and handed over the arms to him. \"I have left behind my bad past. I vow I shall neither wear the olive green dress (armed Maoist cadres' uniform) nor shall put my finger on the trigger again,\" she said, her voice chocked with emotion and eyes moistened. Prabeen, her husband, who too was a Maoist and had surrendered a few days ago, stood behind her at a distance.Nirmala was among the nearly 129 extremists to have surrendered in the past five years. But her move is viewed with significance as it happened in Malkangiri district, Odisha's oldest and worst extremist-infested pocket, bordering Andhra Pradesh. Malkangiri, unlike other areas, has also seen fewer Red rebels surrender, just about five in five years. More so, the surrender took place a day after the Maoists released Laxmipur tribal MLA Jhina Hikaka after keeping him captive for 34 days and resumption of security operations against them from Soroda area in Ganjam district.Nirmala, if her police dossier is to be believed, grew up in a poor Koya tribal family in an interior village in Kalimela area of Malkangiri district. She lost her mother at an early age. The father was a habitual drinker and forcibly arranged her marriage. She protested. Finding no way out, she walked out of her home and joined the Maoists in 2005. She soon became a member in the Populur Dalam headed by one Sudhir. She received training in day drill, weapon aiming, firing positions, physical exercises and read Maoist literature. Nirmala's frail health, however, deterred her from withstanding the hard life in the jungle. She often fell ill and was barely able to walk long distances. At the Maoist camp she fell in love with Prabeen alias Sanyasi Pujari and married him though.Though Nirmala was entrusted only to motivate youngsters in villagers to join the Maoists, possibly because of her sickness, she was nevertheless alleged to have participated in such violence like Bodigeta ambush, attack on SOG team at Rajulkonda leading to the killing of SOG commando K Anand Pattnaik, Damanjodi attack in which at least 11 Central Industrial Security forces died and Nayagarh armoury attack in which over a dozen policemen were massacred, sources said.Finally, the hard life in the Maoist camp became too much for Nirmal to endure. \"I was not paid any money. Added to it was the highhandedness and torture by Telugu cadres. They do not allow us to visit our villages or meet family members. I silently endured everything all these days. Then I decided to say goodbye to this life. I consulted my husband. He surrendered first. I came later,\" sources quoted her as saying.Malkangiri police freed the couple to live in their village. \"They will be entitled to their surrender benefits. We decided to let them live in their village. We will, however, keep a watch on them,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902765", "title": "4 held for betting on IPL match", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four people were arrested for betting on the IPL match between Pune Warriors and Deccan Chargers on Thursday. The accused had allegedly collected Rs 82 lakh.The accused have been identified as Jai Prakash (44), Sandeep Saxena (42), Manish Sharma (27) and Narender Kumar (49).They were caught in Shastri Nagar.\"A TV, 19 mobile phones, a laptop, and 12 calculators have been seized,\" said I B Rani, deputy commissioner of police (north). \"To confuse the police, the accused had taken a room on rent. One cellphone was being used for receiving the rates and other mobile phones were being used for accepting bets,\" she said.Delhi Police has been keeping an eye on the betting rackets during the ongoing IPL matches. Sources say that bookies are placing most bets on Delhi Daredevils , which is performing better this season. The central district police has also deployed several teams around Feroz Shah Kotla stadium to keep tabs on black-marketeers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12903104", "title": "Cops\u2019 suspension over Maval firing upheld", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra administrative tribunal (MAT) on Friday upheld the suspension of inspector Ashok Dhulappa Patil and sub-inspector Ganesh Jagannath Mane involved in the firing on farmers at Maval, Pune district, last year.The policemen were suspended on August 13 last year after it was confirmed that on August 9 that year, they chased unarmed farmers with revolvers in their hands. Following a protest by the farmers, law-enforcing agencies had opened fire on them, killing three farmers. Following intervention of Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi, CM Prithviraj Chavan shunted out Pune police superintendent Sandip Karnik and ordered a judicial probe. At the legislative assembly, home minister R R Patil had announced that Patil and Mane had been suspended.Both Patil and Mane had filed independent applications, challenging their suspension, alleging that the authority had \"committed several lapses, did not follow procedures and succumbed to political pressure while issuing their suspension orders\". \"Their contention that principles of natural justices were violated by the competent authority is untenable. In case of suspension in contemplation of inquiry, the law expects the inquiry to follow the suspension and not precede it... the authority should have material basis for coming to the prima facie conclusion that the delinquent government servant had committed an act... which warranted his suspension in contemplation of inquiry,\" MAT vice-chairman A P Singh stated in his 15-page order.He added there was a report from the Pune SP that TV channels showed clips of Patil and Mane chasing farmers with revolvers, causing public resentment. \"It can't be said the suspension orders were issued without material basis,\" he said.On Patil and Mane's argument that the orders were issued \"without need for jurisdiction and under political pressure\", Sinha said MAT deprecates the tendency to trivialize or denigrate the legislature as a mere political platform and depict its proceedings as an instrument to being political pressure on the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12904874", "title": "Flat tyre leaves Air India passengers stranded for five hours", "text": "INDORE: About 130 passengers on board the Air India IC 606 flight were stranded for five hours at the Devi Ahilyabai Airport here at on Friday morning when one of its tyres deflated just before take off for Delhi at 7.50 am.Air India's Mumbai-Indore-Bhopal-Delhi flight (IC 606) landed at Indore airport at 7.20 am from Mumbai and it was expected to take off for Bhopal at 7.50 am.The flight had to be cancelled and the passengers were sent to Delhi via Bhopal in another flight at 12.45 pm. This was the second flight to have been grounded at the city airport here in the last four days, after a Raipur-bound Jet Lite flight suffered a bird-hit at the airport on April 24.Airport director RN Shinde said, \"All the passengers were de-boarded safely and sent to Delhi by another aircraft. Experts are inspecting the grounded aircraft to figure out the reason for deflation of the tyre.\"The flight landed safely from Mumbai and boarding announcement was made after a technical team inspected it. However the dfeflated tyre was detected when a couple of passengers were left to board the flight. It was then that the flight was cancelled.Shinde however said the tyre was damaged before touching the runway.\"Flight would not have been announced, had the technical error been spotted during inspection. It occurred after inspection,\" said an Air India official pleading anonymity.The passengers later left with the IC 506 flight at 12.45 pm for Delhi via Bhopal from Indore. A technical team has been called from Delhi to inspect the grounded aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908923", "title": "Balayya's Srimannarayana is an adventure thriller", "text": "Balakrishna has just completed shooting for a special song for his upcoming flick Srimannaraya. A special set was raised for the song in Padmalaya Studios and the shooting went on for six days with over 60 dancers in tow. Director Ravi Kumar Chavali seems to be pretty kicked about the progress of the film. \"The film is an adventure thriller and we have laced the film with loads of entertainment through out. Balakrishna's performance in the film is going to be a treat to his fans. There are six villains in the movie and Balalayya's tussles with them will make for a gripping viewing,\" says Ravi.The film is being produced by Ramesh Puppala under the Yellow Flowers banner. \"We had earlier produced Ravi Teja starre Mirapakayi and it went on to run for 100 days at the BO. I am confident that this film will turn out to be another sensational hit in Balakrishna's career,\" says the producer. The film has actors Parvati Melton and Isha Chawla playing the female lead in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12904453", "title": "Mysore college students against burqa ban", "text": "MYSORE: While St Aloysius Pre-University College in Mangalore has banned wearing of burqas in classrooms and examination halls, students in Mysore felt that such a burqa should not be implemented in any college.In any case, no college in Mysore has banned burqas in colleges. Kritika Bharadwaj, a final-year BBM student of Vidya Vardhaka College, says for every individual, the religious practices and culture is important and there's nothing wrong in wearing a burqa. If college authorities think burqa will help malpractice in examination halls, it's the responsibility of invigilators to keep a keen eye on students wearing burqas, she said, adding: \"My friends sometime attend college wearing burqas and sometimes they don't wear it but our college doesn't have a problem with it.\"\"Many girls wear modern dresses which is not our culture, but why they are not banning it,\" asked Fathima Afra, a I BCom student of St Philomena's College. Many girls remove the burqas when in college but very few wear them in class. Invigilators in exam halls can tally the faces and photos on hall tickets before girls enter the hall, she said. She says if colleges ban burqas, many girls from very orthodox families will stop coming to college.Sujan A, a III year BBM student, says just for the sake of exams and for identification, no one has the right to hurt anybody's religious sentiments. Banning of wearing burqas in classrooms doesn't make any sense. If colleges are facing difficulty in monitoring students in exam halls, then they can ban it,\" said Swaraj Sarkar, III mechanical engineering student of Vidya Vardhaka Engineering College.However deputy director of public instruction H Krishnaiah said as per rules wearing burqa in examination halls is not allowed as it causes identification problem but no pre-university college in Mysore has banned burqas in colleges. \"So far we haven't seen any girl wearing burqas at exams,\" he added.Marimallappa's Pre-University College principal ME Shankarappa said, \"Girls in our college don't wear burqas. But if they wear burqas to exam halls, we will deploy a lady faculty member to verify their identity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908426", "title": "Sanjay was taken back when action films hit a lull", "text": "Actor Sanjay Dutt , who gave knock out performances in several high-octane movies including hits like 'Khalnayak, 'Vaastav' and 'Dus', was startled when action films took a backseat in the mid-90s and comedy took centre stage.\"There was a time when Ajay, Akshay, Jackie, Sunny and me all were called action heroes and we lived in that era for a long time. And suddenly for us there was a period of no action ..only comedy films were working. I was taken aback. It was surprising that time,\" said Sanjay, who explored action with 'Vijeta' 'Taaqatwar', 'Kabzaa', and 'Hathyar', among others.Also, there was a period (late 80s-early 90s) when actors like Akshay Kumar , Sunny Deol , Ajay Devgn, Jackie Shroff took the audience by surprise. Akshay was termed the 'Khiladi of Bollywood' with films like 'Mohra', 'Sangharsh', 'Aankhen' and the 'Khiladi' series.While Sunny could do nothing but action on screen, giving powerful performances in movies such as 'Arjun', 'Betaab', 'Ghayal', 'Ziddi' and 'Damini' among others. Ajay's stunts in action films like 'Jung', 'Vijaypath' and 'Sangram' were also appreciated by one and all.Jackie was probably the only charming action hero that Bollywood ever had. He had the looks and he could carry off action and romance with the same perfection in films like 'Parinda', 'Khalnayak' and 'Trimurti'. But then, there was a lull and comedy ruled the marquee.However, the 52-year-old actor is now happy that action is making a comeback in Hindi films. \"That time I used to talk to Jackie, Sunny or Ajay and we all used to wonder where action has gone. I am happy that it has come back and that is what we are. The best part is that South cinema never forgot that (action). That is the reason South films are larger than life...people have fans,\" Dutt said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12904228", "title": "Provedoria inmates living in pathetic conditions: Goa Citizens Welfare Trust chairman", "text": "PANAJI: Alleging poor living conditions and ill-treatment of inmates at orphanages and old-age homes run by Provedoria, the Goa Citizens Welfare Trust has asked the government to look into the matter within eight days, failing which its members would go on a hunger strike.Addressing mediapersons on Friday, Michael Ferns, chairman of the trust, said that they had conducted 'surprise inspections' of all the 11 Provedoria-run institutions in the state and found the conditions were pathetic. \"They are living worse than animals,\" he said.Ferns said the inmates in the institutions were made to use bug-ridden mattresses, were provided inadequate food and even assaulted. He disclosed that an Austrian couple has donated nine water mattresses to Provedoria after seeing the plight of the inmates. Milan Vrecl, who is on a vacation to Goa, visited some Provedoria-run institutions and was distressed at the sight of poor conditions there, he said.Ferns narrated an incident where an 80-year-old woman was assaulted by a caretaker. The trust has distributed CDs with videos of the inmates narrating their difficulties to the media.Earnesto Morais, secretary of the trust, said nobody was bothered about the plight of senior citizens. Morais alleged that the government staff were availing cash benefits that had been earmarked for the poor and destitute.When contacted, Provedoria's newly appointed director A Bugde told TOI, \"I am visiting all those (Provedoria) institutes tomorrow (April 28) and will check out the conditions there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12902910", "title": "Amity officials questioned over suicide", "text": "GURGAON: Four days after Meghalaya chief minister's niece Dana S Sangma committed suicide in her hostel room due to the alleged \"atrocity\" by university staff, a police team questioned top officials of Amity University. Police said they questioned officials on the campus for over two hours and they would visit the university again .On Thursday, Manesar police had added Section 3-33/89 of the SC/ST Act to the FIR. Earlier, only a case of abetment to suicide was lodged against the university administration. Sangma's family members and kin, including CM Mukul Sangma, had alleged that Dana was forced to commit suicide by the university authorities.\"Victim's aunt Sofia had also alleged that the university administration compelled Dana to take the extreme step,\" said an investigator. Dana belonged to the scheduled tribe, he saidDana's body was handed over to her family on Wednesday evening after autopsy. Her uncle had visited university and checked her room that was earlier sealed by the local police. Police have taken her answersheet and mobile phone into their custody.\"We are providing all assistance to police in the investigation,\" said university's vice chancellor Maj Gen (retd) B S Suhag.The university in an official statement said that some of the media reports on the \"unfortunate incident\" were misleading. They said that Dana was an MBA first year student. But in reality she was taking her second semester examination in Marketing and Research on April 24. \"The invigilator saw her referring to the mobile phone and accessing an internet site. Since this is against the rules, the invigilator took away her paper and asked her to leave the examination hall. The invigilator did not rip her answer book nor did he use any abusive language,\" the statement said.The evidences have been handed over to police, the university said. \"A case of using unfair means was later registered against Dana. At 2:40pm, Dana's roommate returned to her room and she found it locked from inside. When she called out, there was no response,\" the statement said.Amity university spokesman claims that Dana was not treated differently. Had any other student been doing what Dana had done, he/she would have been similarly barred from sitting for the exam. \"We do not discriminate against any student on any grounds,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902844", "title": "Speed Post agents fox department, steal Rs 2L", "text": "NEW DELHI: Something surreptitious was on at the Karol Bagh post office for quite a while. Speed Post parcels were being booked for different addresses but dispatched to other places. In that process, the postal department incurred huge losses.The discrepancy was found out when the booking and web lists showed different delivery destinations, police said. The Speed Post service is outsourced and bookings are generally handled by agents. A senior postal department official, said a source, approached Delhi Police to investigate the case and also named an agent in the FIR, whose alleged role in the anomalies came to light during internal probe.\"We found that the destination shown in the booking list was different from the actual delivery address as shown by the web delivery report. Parcels were shown booked for nearby cities and countries and appropriate charges levied were mentioned; but the web report showed delivery addresses in distant cities and countries,\" stated Binti Choudhury, a senior postal official, in the FIR.A senior police officer explained the modus operandi of the cheats: \"If a customer paid Rs 500 for parcel delivery to the US, the agent booked it, but altered the destination to Kathmandu or Singapore where the charge was as low as Rs 100. So, there was a direct loss of Rs 400 to the department per parcel.\"Cops suspect the involvement of some postal officials. Loss of government revenue of about Rs 2,06,833 has been detected, said Choudhury.A postal official approached cops to probe the parcel anomaly and also named an agent in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12909381", "title": "Manglore air crash: Mulla &amp; Mulla not to deal with cases with foreign firms", "text": "MANGALORE: In the report '147 cases settled till date for 107.35cr' whilst Nanavati of Mulla &amp; Mulla, legal counsel for Air India , did say that 13 cases were left to be settled and that they would be coming to Mangalore one more time before the period of limitation, he did not say that they would be dealing with those cases pending with foreign law firms, as reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12904708", "title": "Chandigarh: Anxiety trips efficiency of Punjab Engineering College students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Be it obsession of video games resulting in poor-score in classroom or addiction to social networking websites, peculiar cases of anxiety and depression among PEC students is on an all time high. With close to 53 such cases in the last few months, the counselling cell of PEC University of Technology is now geared up to prepare a comprehensive report analyzing the reasons for such emotional crisis among youngsters.\"Cases of anxiety and depression are on a high. This is the most common problem for which students are seeking counselling from the cell. The numbers are on the rise particularly during exam time,\" says Neelam Vats, student counsellor at PEC University. Such students get cut off from their peer group and show withdrawal symptoms. \"They do not want to accept a particular situation confronting them,\" adds Vats.Surprisingly, even cases of PEC students receiving treatment from PGI and other government medical hospitals in the city, are being referred to the counselling cell by teachers concerned in different departments of PEC.The cases are particularly high in the first year batch of PEC, which has strength of nearly 450 students every year. Transcending into a common concern for students across the campus, a module of physical work out or extra curricular for students is also being suggested. \"We are preparing a detailed report on these cases and suggesting remedial measures to PEC authorities. There has to be some outlet of energy for these students. Once the report is prepared, it will be forwarded to the dean student welfare and the officer in charge of the counselling cell for suitable action,\" says Vats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12903012", "title": "State government ready with health plan for anaemic adolescents", "text": "LUCKNOW: With support from the union government, the state health department will soon be launching a weekly iron and folic acid supplementation programme for adolescents to check the high prevalence of anaemia. As per the third national family health survey, 55% of adolescent boys and girls (more than five crore persons in numbers) in the age group of 15 to 19 years were anaemic.The estimates for UP are same. \"Anaemia is a major health problem in Uttar Pradesh, especially among women and children. Anaemia can result in maternal mortality, weakness, diminished physical and mental capacity, increased morbidity from infectious diseases, peri-natal mortality, premature delivery, low birth weight, and (in children) impaired cognitive performance, motor development, and scholastic achievement,\" read the NFHS III report on UP.A government document to this effect said: \"The government has decided to implement the Weekly Iron and Folic Acid Supplementation (WIFS) Programme for adolescents. WIFS Programme is based on the empirical evidence that weekly supplementation of 100mg Iron and 500g Folic acid is effective in decreasing prevalence of anaemia in adolescent age group. The programme is free of cost and Iron and Folic Acid de-worming tablet, along with testing and counseling services would be provided completely free.\"Official at the health department said that though anaemia was more common among rural folks than urban ones, the progamme will be implemented in both rural and urban areas. It will cover school going boys and girls studying in between classes six and twelfth enrolled in government, government aided and municipal schools. The out of school girls will be covered through Aanganwadi centers. This programme will cover approximately 13 Crore beneficiaries and will address the challenge of high prevalence and incidence of anaemia amongst adolescent girls and boys between 10 and 19 years.Modalities of implementation include fixed day strategy under which preferably Monday would be declared as 'Anaemia Control day'; screening of target groups for moderate, severe anaemia and referring these cases to an appropriate health facility, biannual de-worming (six months apart, for control of worm infestation), awareness through counseling for improving dietary intake and convergence with key stakeholder like departments of Women and child Development and Human Resource Development.Health experts said that the highest prevalence of anaemia is reported between the ages 12-13 years, which also coincides with the average age of menarche. With increase in age, the prevalence of anaemia among girls remains almost stagnant, while among boys, the prevalence rate reduces. The reasons for anaemia amongst adolescents are: growth spurt leading to increased demand of Iron in the body, poor dietary intake of Iron, worm infestation and high rate of infection, increased loss of Iron due to onset of menstruation (in girls).Adolescent girls in particular are more vulnerable to anaemia due to the rapid growth of the body and loss of blood during menstruation. According to NFHS-III, almost 56% of adolescent girls aged 15-19 years suffer from some form of anaemia. Of these, 39% are mildly anaemic while 15% and 2% suffer from moderate and severe anaemia respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pume", "code": "12902637", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation sets deadline for cleaning nullahs", "text": "PUME: The health department of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has directed the four civic zonal offices to finish cleaning the nullahs in their jurisdictions before May 31.\"Letters were sent in March to the offices telling them to complete the bidding process for allotment of contracts to clean the nullahs in their limits before April 15. They have also been directed to complete the nullah cleaning works by May 31,\" said R B Chavan, health executive officer.He said bids had been invited by the zonal offices and work orders would be issued soon. Work is expected to begin by May 1.There are 113 nullahs in Pimpri-Chinchwad, of which 27 lie in zone A, while zone B has 33 nullahs. Zone C and D have 33 and 20 nullahs each. Nullahs in the zone A limits are to be cleaned and the trash transported to Moshi garbage depot or the quarries in the zone at an expenditure of Rs 8.13 lakh. Bids have also been invited for transporting the garbage and waste a distance of 5 km at an expenditure of Rs 3 lakh.Zone C is expected to spend Rs 5.66 lakh in cleaning the nullahs and dumping the waste at Moshi or other designated locations. Zone D will spend Rs 4.19 lakh to clean the nulahs in wards 75 and 77 and another Rs 7.65 lakh for cleaning the nullahs in wards 82, 85, 87, 88 and 89. Pandurang Zure, assistant commissioner and Zone D officer said, \"There are 40 nullahs flowing through the zone. They will be cleaned using civic staff and contractors.\"Nullahs in the city have become dumping ground for garbage. Grass and trees have also grown in many of them creating breeding grounds for mosquitoes.\"The demarcation of nullahs is essential,\" said Vikas Patil, president of the Paryavaran Samvardhan Samiti, a social organization working to save rivers. Also, all the nullahs have not been included in the Development Plan (DP) of the city. As a result, many of them have been encroached upon. They have become garbage dumping grounds which lead up to the rivers and pollutes them. We suggest that an iron mesh be installed at regular intervals in the nullahs to stop the garbage from flowing into the rivers. Garbage that accumulates at the mesh should be cleared by the civic body.\"He said that instead of cleaning of nullahs once before the monsoon, the civic body should take permanent measures to keep the nullahs clean throughout the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902905", "title": "Multilevel parking mindless &amp; costly: Centre for Science and Environment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The multilevel car parkings in the capital are \"mindless and expensive\" projects, the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) has said in its recent report on the parking situation in the city. The assessment report of NDMC's Sarojini Nagar multilevel automated parking has also found that the state-of-the-art facility is used sub-optimally. The environment group has been pressing for an increase in parking rates to encourage people to use public transport.The report points out that only 20-40% of the total parking space at the Sarojini Nagar parking is being used as people continue to park on the main road rather than use the hi-tech parking as it takes 20-25 minutes to park and retrieve the vehicle there.According to Anumita Roychowdhury, head of CSE's urban mobility programme, \"The Sarojini Nagar case mirrors the concern, especially at a time when all municipal bodies and development agencies in Delhi are committed to build numerous multilevel car parks. Before more urban spaces are surrendered to this mindless and expensive construction for cars, it is important to draw lessons from the structures that have already been built and get the terms right.\"Rajeev Talwar, group executive director, DLF, said, \"We don't agree with the facts presented by CSE in its report. They never got in touch with us regarding this report. We are parking close to 600 cars everyday at the Sarojini Nagar parking lot. It is a new concept. People still prefer to park their vehicles on the main road as they think it is convenient. Moreover, the surface-level parking charges have to be increased substantially to encourage people to use the multilevel parking.\" DLF has built the parking and now operates it on the built-operate-transfer ( BOT) basis.The CSE report also stresses the need to increase parking charges to discourage people from using cars. After the Delhi high court-appointed special task force's proposal to levy charges on on-street parking, especially in residential colonies, the environment group has proposed to increase the parking rates. \"The CSE survey of visitors in Sarojini Nagar has shown that people are willing to consider a shift to public transport only if the minimum rate for parking crosses Rs 30 per hour. The government should also improve the public transport facility,'' reads the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12903934", "title": "SC crackdown on SIM card misuse", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday took into account the apprehensions expressed in a PIL about possible misuse of pre-paid SIM cards without verification of customer antecedents and set up a five-member expert committee, headed by telecom secretary, to propose guidelines on this issue to the Centre.A bench headed by of Chief Justice S H Kapadia said the committee would be constituted by drawing experts - two each from the department of telecom (DoT) and Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai) - to go into the issue and recommend measures to the government within three months.The committee would examine among other issues the necessity of mandatory verification of customer antecedents, who would collect this data, and how this data could be shared with security agencies to prevent possible misuse of the SIM cards.Once the recommendations are submitted to the Centre, necessary alterations to the guidelines would be made subsequent to which it will be binding on all states and Union territories, the bench said.The decision came on a PIL filed by Avishek Goenka, who drew apex court's attention to the absence of norms or guidelines in issuance of pre-paid SIMs. He said it was posing a threat to national security. As on January 1, 2010, the total number of cellphone connections stood at 5,622.11 million. The bench was surprised by the fact that pre-paid SIMs constituted 96% the total SIM cards in use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902534", "title": "Two arrested for chain-snatching", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch recently arrested two persons in chain-snatching cases and recovered 100g gold worth Rs 2.5 lakh from them. Acting on a tip-off, a team of the anti-chain snatching squad led by inspector Sunil Patil arrested Vishwas Kharpude (25) and Umesh Kharade (25), both of Kharadi.Patil said the duo has admitted to their involvement in six chain-snatching cases in Vishrantwadi, Yerawada and Wanowrie. \"We have also seized a motorcycle that the suspects used while committing the crimes,\" Patil said.In another case, alert citizens in Hadapsar nabbed a 21-year-old youth, who attempted to snatch a gold chain of a woman. Assistant inspector S S Chavan of the Hadapsar police said on Wednesday night, Gita Avinash Sonawane (30) of Bankar colony, Hadapsar had gone to a public toilet in Hadapsar. Satyajit Dilpak, who had covered his face, attempted to snatch her chain. \"Sonawane raised an alarm. The people in the area nabbed Dilpak and handed him over to the police,\" Chavan said.In another incident, four unidentified persons thrashed a 17-year-old youth and snatched his gold chain worth Rs 30,000. The incident took place at Dhankawadi on Wednesday afternoon. A complaint has been lodged by Suyesh Sunil Oval of Padmavati. Police sub-inspector T J Yadav is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12903936", "title": "Drinking water project in jeopardy", "text": "SINDRI: Although work for Dhanbad drinking water project is underway, the fate of this ambitious venture hangs in balance as the pipeline is that has been laid, passes through the fire zone of Chasnala colliery. Surprisingly enough, the drinking water and sanitation departments (DWSD) as well as the colliery management are well aware of the fact and feel that there should not be a problem if the underground fire continues to burn in low intensity. Problems may arise only when the fire intensifies, they said.This Rs 273-crore project is likely to supply drinking water to nearly 1.5 lakh people in the locality, including the students of BIT Sindri. Reports suggest the underground colliery fire spreads from KK gate to Heerak road and the water pipeline that extends from the Damodar to the filtration plant at Kandra has been laid in this fire sensitive area. Smoke billowing around the pipeline is a common scene there.When nearby villagers raised an alarm, the DWSD devised a unique technology to keep the underground fire in control.The department has laid a porous pipe under the main duct so that water leakage from the pipe keeps the underground fire in control. However, veteran employees of the colliery feel that the fate of this drinking water project will always be in jeopardy and the department should have considered shifting the project to a safer area.Assistant engineer of DWSD, Dayashankar Prasad said the pipeline is being laid on the route finalized by the colliery management. We know that there is an underground fire but we do not feel it should create an issue. The pipe is long lasting and should bear the heat, he said, adding that problems will arise only if the fire intensifies. We will have to talk to the colliery management as they alone can provide an alternate land and route for the project, he added.General manager of Chasnala colliery, J K Bhowmik said the arrangements should not cause any danger to the pipeline.with the colliery management in the very beginning. However, Bhowmik was upset over the slow pace of work and said that the department has dug up the both", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903660", "title": "Nonadanga poor being incited: CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday reiterated her pro-poor and anti-eviction stand, perhaps to make it clear that her stand has not changed after coming to power. Mamata explained how she was always by the poor and took part in anti-eviction drives, while explaining her government's position on the recent Nonadanga eviction.She hinted that some people and some non-government organizations (NGOs) have been instigating the poor at Nonadanga.\"Some people are trying to malign us over the Nonadanga issue,\" she said. \"If these people - involved with NGOs run on foreign funds - use the poor for terrorist or Maoist activities from this platform, then I have to say that better sense must prevail on them,\" Mamata said at Writers' Buildings on Friday. She was not ready to even call it \"eviction\".Mamata said the Nonadanga land was meant for the poor and no one would be allowed to forcibly grab the land. \"If someone tells me that 10 more people need land, that can be arranged elsewhere,\" the CM said.However, there was no clarity on what the government would do about those who have occupied the Nonadanga land all over again. She did not clarify whether those who have encroached upon the Nonadanga land would be re-settled in some other area.Mamata reiterated her pro-poor stand, saying that the state government had opened 19 human rights courts and 65 all-woman police stations to address complaints.The chief minister said she had been standing by the poor all along - she was by the people of Gobindapur railway colony when no one else was by their side. \"I have agitated for the people of Singur. Where were these people then?\" she asked.She also hit out at land mafias and those who \"use guns to grab land forcibly\". \"If people use guns and kill people and grab land forcibly, are mafias, then it cannot be accepted.The state counsel has already alleged in court that seven persons had Maoist links and were involved in stockpiling of arms, ammunition and explosives at Nonadanga.Mamata was critical about the very notion of \"land grabbing\". She said land hurdles even in industry would be cleared on a case to case basis, but \"if thousands of acres are grabbed, then it is not a good thing. In Rajarhat, three or four goons had been deployed to usurp land\", but she would not accept middlemen and brokers evicting the poor and engaging in such land deals.She was also severely critical of the media on Friday, saying that the reports were being written from closed door rooms. She pointed out the alleged rape at Hooghly's Bhadreswar last week, where the woman who had made the charge against the officer-in-charge of the police station, retracted.\"The OC was transferred, but the complaint was withdrawn. Do you realize what you are playing with?\" Mamata asked journalists. She said the government was going to inquire into genuine cases and take action when a person was found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12903970", "title": "Bangaru episode marked entry of sting journalism", "text": "NEW DELHI: For a few weeks after the Tehelka sting broke in 2001, the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government was all but overwhelmed by a political tsunami that swept away then defence minister George Fernandes and BJP president Bangaru Laxman .Laxman quit as BJP president with TV grabs of him blithely receiving cash bundle becoming a riveting image of venality. Both the act of alleged graft as well as the Rs 1 lakh bribe hurt him with a BJP MP overheard lamenting, \"Arre hamara adhyaksh ek lakh ki ghoos mein pakda gaya!\"After the sting was made public, senior BJP leaders met at the Prime Minister's residence late in the evening. Laxman had also been summoned and a couple of BJP leaders closely questioned him on what had transpired when two alleged \"middlemen\" met him. Although he defended himself, Laxman left his BJP interrogators in no doubt that the party did not have a leg to stand on. Soon after, Laxman quit, protesting that he was being made a scapegoat in a larger conspiracy. But by then, he had already become the first victim of modern-day stings in India.Fernandes was NDA convener and till then had not been tainted with graft. In fact, he had been a relentless scourge of the Congress on corruption and the party gleefully pounced on the opportunity to get back at him.The case against Fernandes revolved around sting agents meeting his associate Jaya Jaitly at his official residence and \"offering\" to make a donation for a word being put in for a fictitious arms company. The hue and cry over alleged bribe givers gaining access to the defence minister's residence refused to die down and Fernandes had to quit.The scale of the Tehelka sting, with bribes and call girls offered to Army officers, opened a new chapter in Indian politics as it led to several similar operations. Politicians grew wary of hidden cameras but still ended up rising to the bait on more than one occasion. As many as 11 MPs lost their Parliament membership in 2006 after being caught on tape negotiating bribes. And as Singhvi CD shows, stings still haven't lost their bite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12902882", "title": "Proposal on 35-km coastal freeway sent to Union ministry of environment and forests", "text": "MUMBAI: Perhaps as a parting gift to municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, the chief minister's office has forwarded his Rs 8,000 crore, 35.6-km coastal road proposal to the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). Kumar, who has been given a three-month extension, retires on Monday.Nitin Kareer, secretary to the chief minister, said the proposal was forwarded last week. In a letter to the MoEF, the chief minister asked for the Coastal Regulation Zone to be amended to allow coastal roads based on reclamation. Around 42 hectares are estimated to be reclaimed for the project.The delay in forwarding the proposal to the Centre was owing to strong opposition to it from within the government. Sources said the Congress's alliance partner, the NCP, was more keen on sea links and wanted the state government to take up the Mumbai-Nhava Sheva Trans-Harbour Link.\"A top NCP leader had even refused to see the presentation on the coastal road, making it clear that the MTHL should be the government's priority. The NCP leader is keen that there should be sea links rather than a coastal road,\" said a source.The joint committee set up to recommend a ring road for Mumbai had pointed out in its report that construction of a sea link would cost approximately Rs 378 crore per km as against Rs 70-80 crore for a coastal road involving reclamation.The proposed road was to start from near Manora (the MLA hostel), with entry and exit points at Jagannath Bhosale Marg, move along Marine Drive and then lead into a tunnel that would go under Malabar Hill and exit on the other side of Priyadarshini Park. From there, a coastal road on reclamation was proposed up to the Haji Ali junction. At the Haji Ali bay, the coastal freeway would be a road on reclamation adjoining Lala Lajpat Rai Road and, at National Sports Club of India via a bridge, would connect to a coastal road up to the Bandra-Worli Sea Link. At Bandra, a coastal road skirting the fort will form part of the coastal freeway up to Chimbai village where a bridge has been proposed.Further north, the committee proposed a road through mangroves with replantation after the reclamation. Another option was having stilted roads in the mangrove areas up to Oshiwara and then prcoeed via an elevated road to Malad.The proposed coastal freeway would have 18 entry and exit points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12902867", "title": "Builder brothers assault, kidnap creditor", "text": "MUMBAI: A Kandivli businessman, Banshbahadur Jaiswal (44), was kidnapped and assaulted by two Mira Road-based brothers, both builders, on Tuesday when he went to recover money from them. Jaiswal managed to escape and informed the police.The victim gives construction machinery on hire and had given 17 piling machines and excavators on hire basis to the accused, Naseem Khan and Wasim Khan, for a monthly rent of Rs 1.8 lakh. When the Khans, who reside in Lilavati Tower at Ramdev Park, Mira Road, did not pay for three months, Jaiswal went to their office at Navghar in Bhayander (E) to collect the dues, which stood at Rs 5.4 lakh. Following a heated argument, the brothers assaulted Jaiswal with knives and hockey sticks. They took away Jaiswal's cellphone, locked him inside their office and left.The Khans returned on Wednesday and forced Jaiswal into the Innova he had driven to their office in and left for Gujarat, saying they would eliminate him there. When the SUV stopped at Khanivade toll naka on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad National Highway 8 in Vasai, Jaiswal jumped out of the car and started running. On-duty Thane rural policemen spotted Jaiswal and rushed to his rescue. The Khans, who managed to flee, have been booked for kidnapping and assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12902748", "title": "Crime victims don\u2019t need court\u2019s nod to appeal: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Striking a blow for the rights of victims of crime, the Bombay high court has ruled that such victims or their legal heirs do not require permission from court to file an appeal in order to challenge a trial court verdict. \"The victim is not required to apply for or obtain leave of the court to file any of the appeals under the proviso to section 372 (of the Criminal Procedure Code),'' ruled Justice Roshan Dalvi on Friday.Under the changes introduced in the law in 2009, a victim can file an appeal against a trial court verdict in three eventualities-to challenge acquittal of the accused or conviction for a lesser offence or inadequate compensation.The matter was referred to Justice Dalvi following a split verdict by a division bench of the high court earlier this year. While Justice V M Kanade had held that no permission from the court to file an appeal was necessary, Justice A M Thispay said that leave was required. With Justice Dalvi agreeing with Justice Kanade, it now becomes the majority view.\"To grant the court the right to give leave would be to denude the only right of the victim granted to him or her in Indian criminal jurisprudence,'' said Justice Dalvi. The judge said that it was for the victim that the justice system was created in the first place. \"Yet it is common knowledge requiring judicial notice, that the victims are a neglected lot. They are, at best, wholly ignored,'' said the judge. \"Law, as an instrument of social welfare, came to the rescue of the victims who were then not only the victim of the particular crime but victims in the criminal justice system itself, then neglected and even violated and 'revictimised'.''One of the first beneficiaries of the high court judgment would be in the Adnan Patrawala murder case. Adnan's father Aslam Patrawala, had filed an appeal before the high court on Thursday to challenge a sessions court order acquitting four accused in the case. The state is yet to file an appeal in the case.Another beneficiary is Dindoshi resident Nilesh Harkulkar, whose brother Dattaram was allegedly bludgeoned to death by eight accused in 2001. \"The judgment allows victims or their families an opportunity to place their say before a higher court and bring to light facets of the case which may have been ignored by the prosecution,'' said advocate Swapana Kode, counsel for Harkulkar who had challenged the trial court order to acquit his brother's alleged killers. According to Swapana Kode, with the HC order, a victim will have the same rights as an accused to challenge a trial court verdict without seeking permission from the court.The special law to empower victims was enacted after a series of criminal cases like the Best Bakery case and Jessica Lal case, where witnesses turned hostile due to the influence of rich and powerful accused. The law also considered an eventuality where the state may not file an appeal.The court said that the appeal by a victim was on a different footing. \"It is of a person who knows the nuances of the case and who seeks to bring the hitherto unappreciated facts to light. In short it is he/she who would exhibit the truth of the case which another impersonal authority has been shown not to have known or cared for,'' said Justice Dalvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12905469", "title": "Reagan era envoy found Pakistan \u2018lied\u2019 on nukes", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Reagan administration repeatedly ignored the warning of the US intelligence community that the then Pakistani military ruler general Zia ul-Haq was consistently lying to them on the country's nuclear programme, latest declassified information have revealed.The Reagan administration knowingly decided to ignore Pakistan's nuclear weapons programme as it wanted to get Islamabad's help in supporting the Afghan Mujahedeen against the Russians, reveal declassified documents released by the National Security Archive ( NSA ) on Friday.Top levels of the US government let relations with a friendly government supersede nonproliferation goals as long as there was no public controversy that could \"embarrass\" the president the documents show.According to the documents, by the early summer of 1981, state department intelligence estimated that the Pakistanis were \"probably capable of producing a workable device at this time,\" although the Kahuta enrichment plant was unlikely to produce enough fissile material for a test until 1983.Pakistan was slated to acquire F-16 fighter-bombers from the US. That prospective sale troubled Indian leaders because a nuclear Pakistan with advanced fighter bombers would be a more formidable adversary.During the spring of 1982 US diplomats and intelligence collectors found that Pakistani agents were trying to acquire \"fabricated shapes\" (metal hemispheres for producing nuclear explosive devices ) and other sensitive technology for a nuclear programme .Suggesting that Pakistan was starting to cross the line by building a nuclear weapon, these discoveries contributed to the decision to send former CIA deputy director Vernon Walters to meet secretly with general Zia in July and October 1982. He warned Zia not toe the line.However, Pakistan's continued to acquire sensitive technology. Finally in December 1982 secretary of state Shultz warned president Reagan of the \"overwhelming evidence that Zia has been breaking his assurances\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12902999", "title": "Centre mulls to amalgamate Total Sanitation Campaign &amp; MNREGS", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the recent toilet scam, the total sanitation campaign in the state is all set for an overhaul, said sources in the ministry of drinking water and sanitation. A higher allocation for construction of toilets is the first change on cards. And if officials are to be believed, then the government is working on a project to increase the allocations to Rs 9,900 per household.Union minister of rural development Jairam Ramesh also indicated towards the same. \"The assistance given by the state and the Central government is meagre to build a toilet...that is one of the reasons why the politicians and the civil servants who work on sanitation in New Delhi never use the toilets that they have given assistance for...and we expect people to use these toilets,\" the minister recently said at a regional conference organised by Unicef in Delhi.The other important change in the offing is that people from both below poverty line and above poverty line will be given the grant. Till now, only BPL families were given assistance to get a toilet constructed in their homes. The third change is convergence of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme with the total sanitation campaign. \"Part of the assistance money would be covered under the MNREGS. The convergence is being done to ensure that rural job card holders get work while the targets for total sanitation are achieved,\" said a ministry official.The third change has been proposed in the strategy. Till now, the government facilitated in construction of single pit toilets under the campaign. But, the technology usually failed after the pit was filled and getting it cleaned was problematic for the villagers. In this regard, founder of the Sulabh International, Bindeshwar Pathak said, \"The very strategy of getting single pit toilets constructed is flawed. Getting the pit of a single pit toilet cleaned on a regular basis means promoting human scavenging which is banned. A two pit toilet - which is used after the first pit is filled to the brim and by the time the second is filled, the first, is ready for use - is the only solution to the problem.\"Meanwhile, the state panchayati raj department has decided to hold a re-verification drive of the toilets constructed in various districts. Director, panchayati raj Murlidhar Dubey said, \"A re-verification exercise has been initiated. Whatever information has been received from the districts would be re-examined.\" He added that so far, 78.67 lakh BPL families and 93.25 lakh APL families got toilets constructed in their houses. Though silent over the missing link pointed out by the Census report, he denied that the funds meant to build toilets were misused. \"A physical and financial verification of departmental activities is also underway at the level of the district, directorate and government levels. Action would be initiated against officials, if they were found guilty of any irregularity,\" assured Dubey.Sources said that the department has also proposed to launch a district-wise monthly review mission for effective monitoring of the scheme. In their Annual Implementation Plan for total sanitation campaign for 2012-13, the government has proposed these reviews. \"The census revelation has underscored how big the phenomenon of 'families either not using the toilets or discarding them' is. The aim is to keep track of the situation in the field, so that motivational interventions could be made,\" said an officer in the state government.Meanwhile, politicians in UP continued with their blame-game over the issue. Addressing reporters on Friday afternoon, senior Bahujan Samaj Party leader Swami Prasad Maurya defended himself. \"Our government got lakhs of toilets constructed. There was no discrepancy of any kind,\" he said. In another statement, Samajwadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary blamed the previous government for the missing toilets. \"Central scheme were a grazing ground for our predecessors,\" said Chaudhary in a press statement.Principal secretary, panchayati raj BM Meena said that the government has taken a decision to take stern action against persons found guilty in construction of toilets. He said that under the entire cleanliness drive, the Centre had fixed a target of constructing 1,23,72,693 personal toilets for APL families against which 93,25,539 toilets have so far been constructed. He said that no funds in the form of central government's share have been sanctioned, but the beneficiaries by pooling out their own resources got constructed these toilets by launching people's awareness campaign. He said that from the year 2000 till March 2012, 78,67,984 personal toilets for BPL families have been constructed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12905129", "title": "\u2018Govt must pay top market value for land acquisition\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday ruled that the government must pay owners the highest market price of the land under acquisition rather than the average market price, in an order which is going to be hailed by farmers but may cause concern to industrialists who are already complaining about the rising cost of land.Governments used to consider sale deeds of lands in and around the area notified for compulsory acquisition and take the average sale price before fixing compensation. Ironically, the ruling that could provide huge relief to farmers came in a case concerning the land owned by the erstwhile ruler of Faridkot state, Colonel Sir Harinder Singh.A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar said, \"When a land is being compulsorily taken away from a person, he is entitled to the highest value which similar land in the locality is shown to have fetched in a bonafide transaction entered between a willing purchaser and a willing seller near about the time of the acquisition.\"Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Sathasivam said, \"In our view, it seems to be only fair that where sale deeds pertaining to different transactions are relied on behalf of the government, the transaction representing the highest value should be preferred to the rest unless there are strong circumstances justifying a different course. It is not desirable to take an average of various sale deeds before the authority/court for fixing fair compensation.\"The land of the erstwhile ruler of Faridkot state was acquired by the Punjab government for extension of the existing grain market at Faridkot by a notification of December 22, 1979, under the Land Acquisition Act, 1894.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12904174", "title": "Interlocutors\u2019 broad proposal ready", "text": "BHOPAL: Negotiating for the release of abducted Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon, government appointed interlocutors have worked out a broad proposal with the mediators named by the rebels. The latter team will then leave for Bastar to inform the Maoists about the government's stand .\"We have worked out a broad proposal with an agreement, subject to the approval of the Maoists,\" said an interlocutor. Sources said Maoists' mediators B D Sharma and professor G Haragopal were initially scheduled to leave for Tadmetla in South Bastar on Friday afternoon but had to cancel the trip in absence of any communication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902591", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation identifies 158 accident-prone spots in Pune region", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has identified 158 accident-prone spots on major roads passing through Pune region. The spots were identified during a two-month survey carried out by MSRTC along with the regional transport offices (RTOs).Bus drivers will be alerted about these spots and told to be vigilant to avoid accidents.MSRTC has also given the list of the accident-prone spots to the public works department (PWD) and Zilla Parishads of the respective districts, so that signboards can be put up to alert drivers.\"A state-wide survey was carried out to identify accident-prone spots,\" said an MSRTC official. \"All the major the roads in the state were inspected during the survey. Knowing where the accident areas are will help all drivers, not just MSRTC drivers.\"According to the survey, there are 1,210 accident-prone spots in the state. Of these, the highest, 392, are in the Mumbai region followed by Nashik (286), Aurangabad (195), Pune (158), Amravati (107) and Nagpur (72). Within Pune region, Kolhapur division has the highest (38) accident-prone spots, followed by Pune (33), Satara and Solapur (32 each) and Sangli (23).Among the major roads passing through Pune region, the Pune-Aurangabad highway has been identified as having the highest number of accident-prone spots (180). Among the districts, Sindhudurg district in Konkan region has the highest number of accident-prone spots of which most are on the Mumbai-Goa national highway.An official said that divisional controllers and depot managers are being informed about the spots. The officials at the respective divisions are expected to make drivers aware of the accident-prone areas before they go on trips.\"The PWD needs to initiate steps to make changes at these spots to make them safer for driving,\" said Chandmal Parmar, member of the state road accident prevention committee. \"In the last 10 years, our committee has identified about 15,000 spots on the road length of about 29,000 km in the state. About 8,000 spots have already been rectified, while work on the remaining 7,000 is underway.\"Sanjay Garud, who travels on the Pune-Sangamner stretch of the Pune-Nashik highway said, \"Even though frequent travelers are familiar with the accident-prone areas on a particular road, new drivers often miss them, which results in accidents and traffic jams. It would be useful if signboards were put up to alert drivers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12904802", "title": "5 held for duping banks with forged papers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police have arrested five members of a gang which duped banks by forging documents on Friday. The head cashier of Punjab National Bank , Benjamin Road branch, Ramesh Kumar , connived with the fraudsters and provided them detailed information about the bank account holders, cops said.Apart from Ramesh, those arrested include Satish Kumar Bhatia alias Bittu, resident of Deep Nagar, Surjeet Singh alias Sukhchain Singh, resident of Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar, Saudagar Singh Nambardar, resident of Partap Singh Wala village of Ludhiana district and Jagdev Ram, resident of Dugri.Satish was the mastermind of the gang, who hails from Shri Ganganagar district of Rajasthan, came in contact with Ramesh Kumar.Ramesh gave out detailed information of account holders by scanning them and also provided original cheques to the gang members.Later, Satish erased the cheque number and typed the cheque number of their target customer on the forged cheque. After that they made duplicate signatures on the cheque and deposit the forged cheque in banks and withdrew money.The gang withdrew Rs 26 lakh from different banks of Amritsar, Rs 22.5 lakh from Banga, Rs 2.29 crore from Barnala, Rs 97,000 from Sahnewal and Rs 6.5 lakh from Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar district.The gang targeted accounts of companies and factory owners. Police have recovered duplicate cheque, laptop, printer, duplicate stamps and Rs 43,000 cash from accused persons. On April 25, they tried to withdraw Rs 98,000 from Punjab National Bank, Manju Cinema branch but were nabbed following a tip-off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12909520", "title": "In patent wars, Apple prefers to \u2018settle versus battle\u2019", "text": "Apple CEO Tim Cook was asked on yesterday's earnings call whether it would be in the company's best interests to clear the decks of all its various patent suits. Back in 2009, when asked about the mobile competition on a call, Cook said, \"If others rip off our intellectual property, we will go after them.\"This time, Cook said: \"I've always hated litigation and I continue to hate it. We just want people to invent their own stuff.\"He continued: \"I would highly prefer to settle versus battle. But, you know, the key thing is that it's very important that Apple not become the developer for the world. We need people to invent their own stuff.\"Of course, some say Apple is itself an IP offender. This includes International Trade Commission Judge Thomas Pender, who ruled yesterday that Apple had violated one patent belonging to Motorola Mobility . An ITC panel will decide later this summer whether to uphold Motorola's request for an import ban on the iPhone and the iPad .Cook's response comes after an order last week from US District Court Judge Lucy Koh, who required the Apple chief, Samsung CEO Choi Gee Sung and both companies' general counsels to meet and discuss a possible settlement. Both companies told the court they are willing to participate in the settlement conference.However, Samsung showed it wasn't done fighting. Shortly after Koh's order, the South Korean company filed another suit against Apple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12911350", "title": "Bihar education minister not in favour of community college", "text": "PATNA: Bihar education minister P K Shahi has said that copying US experiment of community colleges in India was not practical.\"It is not possible to open community colleges in India or make that provision in existing colleges which had been experimented in America,\" he said.Shahi was one of the five state education ministers who had been sent to USA by the Central government last fortnight to study the concept of community college and explore possibility of opening such colleges in India. The delegation headed by education minister of Madhya Pradesh included ministers from Bihar, Punjab, Assam and Jammu &amp;Kashmir.;\"The concept is very good. But where is the money to open such institutions,\" said Shahi. It will not be possible even for the developed states to spend huge money on community college. The community colleges require very high quality of education and for that highly educated faculty is needed. The fee would also be quite high and beyond the reach of students coming from middle class society.The education ministers visited Montgomery, Richmond Virginia, Washington and other places and attended a meeting of the American Community College at Auckland during their fortnight long visit.Shahi said he would send his report to the central government about his experience. \"My suggestion is that we should strengthen and make better and viable our IITs and polytechnic colleges and stress on skill development, infrastructure growth and better faculty. This way we can to some extent achieve the concept of community college,\" said Shahi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12903614", "title": "PM calls meet on cotton ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under pressure from the Congress and Sharad Pawar's NCP, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has been forced to convene a meeting to sort out the contentious issue of ban on cotton exports.Singh has convened a meeting on Monday amid pressure from Congress representatives from Gujarat , led by Ahmed Patel, and Pawar, who want exports to continue, while the commerce and textiles departments, both under Anand Sharma, are pushing for a ban, citing inadequate stocks for mills. So far, the issue was being dealt with at the level of a group of ministers headed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee but now the PM has been forced to wade into the dispute.While the directorate general of foreign trade (DGFT) had banned exports on March 5, within four days it was forced to partially lift the ban to permit registered consignments till it completed the verification process. The GoM stepped in get the gates opened partially following a representation by a delegation led by Patel and accusations by Sharad Pawar that he was kept in the dark.While pointing to the \"retrograde\" cotton export curbs, Pawar in his letter to Prime Minister had said that \"Indian cotton farmers should not be asked to bear the burden of subsidizing the textile mills.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12904202", "title": "Govt aid for Muslim sects creating divide: Mirwaiz", "text": "SRINAGAR: Hurriyat chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq on Friday warned the Centre and its agencies against dividing Kashmiri Muslims on sectarian lines and asked the people to give \"a befitting reply to all such elements and foil their nefarious designs\".The top cleric's comments came two days after TOI reported that the Centre is wading into the sectarian divide within Kashmir. The Mirwaiz asked the people to be mature enough to understand what is happening around them and accused the Centre of \"funding selective group of bureaucrats to create wedge between Muslims in Kashmir'' at Srinagar's Jamia Masjid.Mirwaiz said he had been watching several bureaucrats, who were taking part in Islamic functions across the Valley. \"What business does state information department have to issue press releases regarding Islamic functions in Kashmir?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12904096", "title": "Forcing Tiwari to face blood test no rights violation: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: While making it mandatory for N D Tiwari to undergo DNA test in a paternity suit, the Delhi high court said, \"The perception that the law, as Mr Bumble (in Oliver Twist) said, is 'an ass, an idiot' will be cemented, if the courts themselves hold their own orders to be unimplementable and unenforceable.\" The single judge, whose order was set aside by the HC, had said the order asking Tiwari to undergo the DNA test for ascertaining the paternity of Rohit Shekhar, who had filed a suit against the Congress leader, was \"unimplementable and unenforceable\".\"Upon Tiwari continuing to defy the order, the single judge shall be entitled to take police assistance and use of reasonable force for compliance thereof,\" the bench said. The court rejected Tiwari's argument that forcing him to give blood sample is in violation of his rights under Article 21 (right to life) of the Constitution. \"It is the duty of every court to prevent its machinery from being made a sham, thereby running down the rule of law and rendering itself an object of public ridicule...,\" the judges said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904590", "title": "Engineering college dropout rate registers a rise", "text": "HYDERABAD: A total of 2.93 lakh students have applied for Eamcet engineering stream exam this year, but colleges in the city are witnessing a steady dropout rate every year. A recent study done by Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU) shows that about 3% to 4% of students, who join engineering colleges, dropout every year. In actual figures, this would add up to thousands of dropouts.According to the study, from 2009 to 2011, 3% of the 1.6 lakh students who took admission in engineering colleges have dropped out of the course midway. In 2011, about 4% of the 1.3 lakh students had chosen to leave the course. While the study does not give reasons for the dropout, officials from various engineering colleges in the city say that even those students who score well in the state entrance examination find it difficult to cope with academic rigours after joining the course.Particularly, the dropout rate in the second year of engineering is steep, officials said. JNTU authorities stated that the reason for conducting the study was to improve the quality of engineering education in the state.\"We want students who have aptitude for engineering to join the courses that colleges offer,\" said M Ramamurthy, a retired JNTU professor, who headed the study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12904054", "title": "Braveheart bovine injures tiger in abdomen during fight", "text": "COIMBATORE: A tiger was in for a rude shock when it sneaked into a cowshed in Valparai, a tea-growing town on the slopes of the Western Ghats near Coimbatore. The 10-yearold male tiger, which had entered the shed in a thickly populated locality, was gored into submission by the lone cow in the shed.Unable to walk, the tiger was confined to the cowshed till late in the evening, when a veterinarian tranquilized it.Valparai is ringed by forests including the Anamalai Tiger Reserve and attacks by leopards and elephants have been reported. However, this is the first time in recent years that a tiger has entered a homestead. Braveheart bovine injures tiger in abdomen during fightR Gnanasekaran, a resident of Periyar Nagar in Valaparai near Coimbatore, was the first person to notice a tiger in his cowshed around 6.30am. His cow was taking on the tiger that had entered the shed expecting an easy prey.The tiger had killed a calf owned by Gnanasekaran two days ago and left the half-eaten carcass behind. Forest officials said the animal may have returned to retrieve the kill. The big cat sustained gashes in its thigh and abdomen whereas the cow suffered only minor injuries. Gnanasekaran had thought the calf was killed by a leopard, common in the area, and buried the carcass. Forest officials have since confirmed that the tiger that appeared on Friday morning had killed the calf two days earlier.Though the tiger couldn't move, its periodic growls and snarls left the crowd that had gathered at Gnansekaran's house wondering whether the animal would attack. Forest officials led by Manampally range officer Arokiaraj Xavier and Valparai range officer Krishnaswami had a tough time controlling the rush of people. At noon, they tried to trap the tiger in a net and shift it to a cage but failed.The wait lasted until forest veterinary assistant surgeon Dr N Kalaivanan arrived from Mudumalai wildlife sanctuary in the Nilgiris by 6.30pm. By sunset , Kalaivanan tranquilized the tiger and the animal was shifted to a cage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nehru rose garden", "code": "12904762", "title": "Rabbits found dead in park", "text": "NEHRU ROSE GARDEN: Morning walkers to Nehru Rose Garden were in for a rude shock on Friday when they found around eight rabbits brutally killed in the park.Holding MC responsible, they said the cage door was open which might have let stray dogs enter it. The civic body has kept many rabbits and ducks in a cage in the garden. While the municipal corporation officials claimed that eight have died, those present here said the number could be more because even the civic body was not sure about their total number as their records were not maintained. While some MC employees said there were over 100 rabbits here, others said their number was not known. In a face-saving exercise, the MC authorities suspended the garden supervisor and sent the bodies for post-mortem, suspecting it to be a case of snake bite.The joggers said, \"Every day, we see around 30 stray canines roaming around here and it seems rabbits were attacked by them. Dogs might have taken along some of their bodies too. We have never seen a snake in the garden.'' \"The incident has exposed the carelessness of the civic body,'' said A P S Gogia, a businessman and resident of Kitchlu Nagar. Another regular jogger and resident of College Road, Sanjeev Singh Walia, said, \"When I reached here, there were many people around the site... everything shows that canines attacked them.''Joint MC commissioner and head of horticulture branch A S Sekhon said, \"It's a sad incident. We have suspended the supervisor. We now plan to shift the remaining rabbits and ducks to some other place, so that such an incident is not repeated.''Mayor Hakam Singh Giaspura admitted the negligence of MC employee and said, \"Joint commissioner A S Sekhon is dealing with the matter.''On sterilization of stray canines, he said, \"The government does not allow us to kill stray dogs. We had allotted the sterilization task to a private company. I don't know much about it.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12905519", "title": "Sharif on oust-Gilani mission", "text": "LAHORE: A combative opposition chief Nawaz Sharif on Friday appealed to the Pakistani people to help him oust Yousaf Raza Gilani , saying the PM was \"occupying his office illegally\" following his conviction on contempt charges by the supreme court.The PML-N chief said Gilani needs to be sent home and he would use all options to achieve this. \" I appeal to all segments of society to come out and support our struggle to oust Gilani,\" he said.Sharif claimed that Gilani had made Pakistan the \"laughing stock\" of the world by refusing to step down after his conviction on Thursday.Sharif claimed that even Gilani's cabinet had no legal cover after the verdict and it stood dissolved. \"Gilani's sticking to his office is treason. He is under oath to protect the interest of Pakistan and not one person.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12904148", "title": "\u2018Tatra sold obsolete trucks\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Tatra trucks being supplied to the Indian Army are obsolete, running on fuel-guzzling old engines with mechanical transmissions that are years behind the rest of the world, Army sources said. The details are believed to be part of Army chief General V K Singh's inputs to the CBI.The severe shortcomings would be a key part of the CBI's inquiry into Gen Singh's allegation that he was offered Rs 14 crore bribe to order a fresh batch of \"sub-standard\" Tatra trucks. One of the key focus of the CBI is to find out if bribes and other inducements were offered by Tatra Sipox (UK) owned by Ravi Rishi to ensure that Army continued to buy these obsolete trucks. The agency is also trying to ascertain whether it was the reason why Tatra enjoyed a monopoly for the past 25 years in truck supply to the Army.With CBI investigations into the scandal picking pace, many new facts are emerging from the Army about how the entire contract for the all-terrain trucks were so biased in favour of the suppliers. As a result, there has been no major upgrade of its 1970s engine, except for it being made Euro II compliant in 2008.Ever since Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML) signed its first contract in 1986 for buying trucks, Tatra AS of Czech Republic has primarily supplied the T-815 family of trucks to India. T-815 was developed in the early 1980s. According to those in the know, the only noticeable change made to the T-815 trucks is the upgrade of its engines to Euro II compliance. The engines of T-815 trucks remain 'air cooled', which are bulky and protrudes into the cabin space, as against 'liquid cooled' engines that are more modern, compact and more efficient.The 'air cooled' engines are low on power and have poor mileage. \"Nobody seemed to have bothered about the technological transformations that have taken place in the automobile industry,\" an officer said about the fact that Army continues to use the same T-815 trucks even today. The T-815 trucks are fuel guzzlers. A truck that can carry 12 tonnes runs just 4 km on a liter of fuel. A source pointed out that Tatra's more advanced vehicles were far superior. \"But we seem to have been a dumpyard for old vehicles,\" he said.Those familiar with the Tatra trucks also pointed out that Tatra AS has been using more advanced engines made by Renault, Cummins, Deutz etc for vehicles it has been supplying to other militaries - the Czech and Russian armies among others. \"As far as I know, the T-815 is being supplied only to the Indian Army,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905646", "title": "High court issues notices over star hotel coming up near Bangalore International Airport", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday ordered notices to the ministry of civil aviation, director general of civil aviation, Airports Authority of India and Bangalore International Airport Ltd over a PIL challenging the construction of a star hotel near the airport.A vacation division bench headed by Justice Huluvadi G Ramesh ordered notices following a PIL by advocate G R Mohan.\"The hotel being built by BIAL is just half a kilometre from the air terminal and it is in violation of the provisions of the Aircraft Act, 1934 and Aircraft Rules, 1937. The hotel will compromise the safety aspect of the airport since it's being used by most VVIPs and dignitaries as anybody can use the hotel premises to target them. The civil aviation ministry has failed in its duty,\" the petitioner started while seeking demolition of the structure.Judge Ramesh directed the authorities not to disturb or remove any valuables at the Sri Prasanna Veeranjaneya Temple in Mahalakshmi Layout until further orders, following a petition filed by the temple trust. The trust had challenged the notification issued by the state government taking over temple administration and appointing an administrator for it. \"The temple was being run by the trust. The state government, without affording any opportunity of hearing, has taken over the reins of the temple by notifying it as a muzrai temple. Though the temple accounts were being managed properly, the authorities have declared it as a muzrai temple citing mismanagement. There was no proper inquiry as required under the law,\" the trust stated.\"Since the temple was taken over on April 13, day-to-day activities are hampered. If a restraint order is not passed, they are going to take out gold ornaments from the temple,\" N Ravindranath Kamath, counsel for the trust told the court. The government advocate sought time till May 2 to place the records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904732", "title": "Prajapatham fails to woo Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ongoing Prajapatham programme has given little relief to the Old City citizens, particularly those grappling with longstanding water woes. Of the 240 water related issues identified, only 70 have been redressed so far.Figures obtained from the district collector's office show that a total of 258 visits were planned for public representatives and government officials in Charminar, Chandrayangutta, Yakutpura, Bahadurpura, Karwan, Nampally and Goshamahal Assembly constituencies. The state-wide programme scheduled between April 15 and May 5 has almost come to an end in the Old City with 250 visits completed, but the problems still persist.Addressing water problems was the main agenda during this Praja Patham but solutions to basic issues like inadequate water supply have remained elusive, rue residents. In areas like Kishanbagh, Nasheman Nagar, Lalitha Bagh and Sultan Shahi where polluted water is common and bore-wells are dry, residents remark that they do not expect much from exercises like Praja Patham.The figures from Bahadurpura only seem to drive home the point. Sixty problems were identified based on complaints from residents of which none has been addressed so far. \"From our locality alone, 12 complaints were given regarding water issues since water pollution due to leakage from sewerage pipes is our main concern. The officials during the programme said that they would address these issues but no actions have been taken so far,\" said Ather Moin, a resident of Tadbund that comes under Bahadurpura constituency.Ironically only three visits were planned in the Bahadurpura constituency which has a population exceeding three lakh, that being more than one and a half times that of the Charminar constituency. However 40 visits were planned in the Charminar constituency of which 33 have been completed so far.The complaint figures from other constituencies barring Chandrayangutta are no good either. Residents of Yakutpura posted 31 complaints but these are yet to be addressed. Sources say that the worst affected are Bhawani Nagar, Aman Nagar and Nasheman Nagar. \"There are water problems in several area of Yakutpura constituency. Since these have been there for long we complained against water works department and GHMC for not carrying out civil works. We also brought forward the issue of ration shops selling commodities in black a week ago. The representatives promised us action, but so far nothing has happened,\" informed a resident of Yakutpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12909353", "title": "Bhatkal accident toll goes up to 6", "text": "MANGALORE: With two more deaths on Saturday, the toll in the Bhatkal accident case has gone up to six. On Friday night, four persons were killed on the spot, including a child, when a bus rammed into a tempo trax at Bhatkal cross, some 15 kms from here, on Friday night.The deceased have been identified as Rangappa (34), Jayamma (40), Sakamma (25), Siddesh (11), Anitha (28) and Mahesh (32) driver of the trax. All deceased were passengers of the trax and were on their way to Dharmasthala from Belalagiri village of Davangere.Police said they still do not have the exact number of people who have been injured in the accident, saying that they had got a count of 18. The trax had 22 passengers.Passengers in the bus also got injured as the bus fell into a ditch after the accident. Police said negligent driving by the bus driver and the wet conditions, due to heavy downpour, caused the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12914274", "title": "Non-Dimasa body calls 12-hr bandh", "text": "SILCHAR: The issue of change in nomenclature in the erstwhile North Cachar Hills district to Dima Hasao continues to haunt the southern Assam district with a non-Dimasa organization calling a dusk-to-dawn bandh in the hill district on Sunday.Indigenous Peoples Forum (IPF), a tribal body has called the bandh coinciding observation of 61st foundation day of North Cachar Hills Autonomous Council and chief minister Tarun Gogoi's proposed visit to Haflong to attend the function during the day.IPF sources on Saturday said the bandh from 5 am to 5 pm has been called to highlight the demand for bifurcation of the district. Bandh organizers now want that Dimasa-dominated Maibang sub-division should be made a separate district as Dima Hasao, and there should be another district comprising of Haflong sub-division and it should be known as North Cachar Hills. Assam government on April 1, 2010 changed the name of NC Hills to Dima Hasao triggering large scale protest by non-Dimasa tribes. IPF observed bandhs on a number of occasions over past years on the issue triggering tension in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12903228", "title": "Testing times for testosterone levels", "text": "In an era when the metaphoric 'male dominance' is fast waning, the biochemical revelation about premature dips in testosterone 'T' levels is an eye-opener.There is a variation in 'T' levels in men of different races who also have different body composition with varied bone and muscle mass. While this may have a contribution from dietary and cultural differences across geographic regions, it is the alarming association of low 'T' levels with co-morbities like cardiovascular mortality, diabetes , metabolic syndrome, hypertension and COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease), that needs attention.But here's the googly.Not all men who visit the doctor have classic symptoms of hypogonadism ('T' is secreted by the testes-gonads). From mood swings and depression to accumulation of body fat, lethargy and fatigue in the early stages, it is only later when reduced libido or zest come to the fore, that hypo 'T' is suspected. This enigma in identifying deficiency and its association with subsequent dire co-morbidities mandates increased awareness on the part of the physician and patients to undergo blood testing for'T' levels routinely around the age of 40. Unfortunately today 'T' is only associated with sex and libido or muscle and macho. Most wannabes and gym enthusiasts want to pump muscle among other things and are looking for a 'T' zing.Unlike the female menopause , which is a physically manifested punctuation, the slide in 'T' levels is silent, creepy but ominous and is often missed unless suspected early.Premature 'T' deficiency emanates in the modern humdrum of competition and stress and is precipitated by smoking , excessive alcohol, drug abuse, consumption of chemicals and pesticides in diet, obesity and even radiation from groin-held cellphones.Endocrine changes like loss of bone mineral density leading to osteopenia and porosis, mild loss of height, wasting of muscles, frailty, anemia, male breast enlargement and low sperm counts are seen to affect the male profile.'T' deficiency is more common in men with low education levels, those who have large body size, are inactive and have a poor health status.TRT (testosterone replacement therapy) is the answer in deserving cases. From transdermal patches and gels to intramuscular injections and subcutaneous pellets, numerous compounds are available and could be used to restore 'T' levels to normal consonant with age. Like HRT in females, TRT has a contrarole with the prostate, so the \"good servant-bad master\" dictum has to be strictly followed under medical supervision.For the man of today, early suspicion (4th decade) and quick detection with timely and adequate restoration of 'T' levels addresses the sexual, metabolic and non specific symptoms across the board which thus helps him to sail into the twilight of the 'climacteric' (7th decade) smoothly.This will provide the \"Tezz\" in life and ensure a \"Housefull\" of happiness far away from the \"Hate Story.\"(Dr Hemant P Thacker is a consultant physician and cardiometabolic specialist in south Mumbai hospitals)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12904297", "title": "Will the strong Russian presence in the tourist belt adversely affect the state?", "text": "Yes, ofcourse. The Russians have taken over Goa left, right and centre. Menus in almost every restaurant and signages along the coastal areas are in Russian. At this rate, we will soon have everything in Russian including names of places in buses. This will adversely affect our Goan culture and identity. In the talukas of Bardez and Pernem, thanks to tourism, we Goans have lost our identity in certain areas.Fritzie Lobosocial activist, MapusaThe Russians have created nuisance in the state along the coastal belt. In places like Morjim there are so many of them that they create law and order problems disrupting peace of the locals. A place in Morjim is called mini Russia as all the shacks are run by them. The government should take stringent action to prevent misbehaviour by them. If they are not discouraged from coming in large numbers, they will spread to other parts of Goa and Goans will suffer very badly.Bharat Betkekarteacher, ArambolCurrently, Goa gets a higher percentage of Russians coming in to the state. One of the reasons could be the recession in Europe which has decreased the footfall of tourists from there. As a result we are dependent on Russian tourists for our tourism industry and we need to do business as it does not matter from where the tourists are from. But, we must demand good behaviour from them. We now have a government that will hopefully bring in positive changes. We need to get the right formula on how we want to market Goa to the world.Ryan Rodrigues,managing partner, AnjunaYes, the Russian presence will reduce the number of tourists from other countries as it is a known fact that the Russians and Europeans don't get along. Besides, the Russians have been known to occupy certain areas which, is detrimental to the locals. Europeans have been coming to Goa for so many years now. They are very beneficial to the Goan economy as they spend a lot unlike the Russians. We have no idea how long the Russian bubble will last. We need to take care of the clients that keep coming to Goa.Varun CarvalhoDentist, Margao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12902990", "title": "Man gets life back with Rs 2 lakh artificial foot", "text": "NAGPUR: Ramesh Purandare (name changed), a 34-year-old man from city, had lost his right leg when he was just 15 due to diabetes. His leg was amputated from hip to keep the gangrene spreading further in his body.All these years, he walked on crutches and lived a life almost hidden from society. Last Sunday brought a dramatic and positive change in his life when he got a tailor-made artificial leg or prosthesis from a German company and could walk on his own.His life has changed again in the last six days. He regained his confidence and self-esteem and is ready to face the society again. He is on his tailoring job with greater vigour. Above all, he now has love and support of his family.\"My children, a son and daughter, would never come close to me as they were scared of stub of a limb. They have suddenly become very loving. It will be sometime before I get used to the artificial limb so I practise walking every morning. My children are coming with me to support me in case I need help. It's an indescribable feeling. I feel on top of the world,\" Purandare told TOI.He could have never bought the limb, costing Rs 2.11 lakh, had it not been for the special effort made by Dr Sharad Pendsey, a senior diabetologist, who is creating awareness about diabetes especially among children (juvenile or type I diabetes) through his Diabetic Research Education and Management (Dream) trust.Pendsey organized a workshop on 'diabetic foot syndrome' for physicians and other supporting specialists last Saturday and Sunday. The money was raised from registration fees and fees obtained from the exhibitors of equipment.\"Doctors actually didn't know that this fee would go for Purandare's limb. When I told them, they were more than delighted. Purandare has been under my treatment for ten years and I always wanted to do something for him,\" said Dr Pendsey.Purandare cannot thank Dr Pendsey enough. \"He is more than God to me. My wife did take care of me all these years. But now when she drops me on her cycle to my workplace she does so with pride. She has begun to respect me differently. Now I can face my relatives and socialize again. My confidence is back,\" he said.Narrating his plight of past 19 years when he struggled to get benefit of government schemes for the handicapped, Purandare said, \"I would go the collector office and other agencies to get some financial relief or work. It all required many visits that I couldn't manage without someone's support,\" he said.Foot care for diabetics* Never walk barefoot at home or outside (not even on grass)* Always wear appropriate footwear to prevent injury.* Never wear slippers* Before putting on shoes check their inside for foreign objects* Avoid tight shoes or those with rough seams. Buy new shoes in evening as the feet swell at that time and wear them for short durations initially* Always wear cotton socks with shoes. Wash them daily. Make sure they have no holes* Socks should fit well. Make sure elastic is not too tight* Never let foot touch silencer of a motorbike or any other hot object. Don't use hot water bottle to warm the feet. It could cause burn injury without patient realizing it as diabetic foot loses pain sensation* Visiting religious places where you have to remove shoes only early morning or late evening to avoid blistering* On returning home, always wash feet with soap and water, especially between toes using cold or tepid water. Dry feet carefully, even between the toes* Use lotion/oil to keep skin soft but not between toes* Cut toe nails straight across and file the sharp edges. Chipped nails can hurt skin and wound could get infected* Check feet daily. Use a mirror or take someone's help. Look for noticeable redness or any unusual discolouration* Don't smoke or use tobacco products* Have feet checked by doctor periodically* Go to doctor if foot becomes unusually hot, there is a discharge, foot starts to smell bad, there is open blister, or if you are unwell and develop nausea, vomiting and temperature or have difficulty in keeping blood sugar level under control* Don't use corn medicines or blades to perform bathroom surgeries* Don't led unqualified person treat foot wounds* Keep wounds covered and dressing clean", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "anantapur", "code": "12904873", "title": "Bail granted to Mangali Krishna", "text": "ANANTAPUR: Jaganmohan Reddy's close aide Mangali Krishna and two others, who were convicted in the suitcase bomb case, were granted bail by the district fast track court here on Friday. However, the fourth convict, Kothakota Ravinder Reddy, was not granted bail.A session court had sent Krishna and four others to jail for five years for conspiring to kill TDP MLA Paritala Ravi.Soon after the verdict, Krishna and others were shifted to Kadapa jail. Krishna moved the bail plea in the fast track court challenging the order of the sessions court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902693", "title": "Public Works Department gets Rs 250 crore grant to repair old MCD roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: Capital's roads will soon get the much-needed facelift. The Public Works Department (PWD) has received a grant of Rs 250 crore to kickstart work on roads that once belonged to Municipal Corporation of Delhi and were in bad shape for years.After taking over 645 kilometres of these roads from MCD , the Delhi government has handed over the same to PWD early this week along with a preliminary financial grant of Rs 250 crore. The government has already got a study conducted by central road maintenance circle based in Roorkee to determine the kind of work required to be done on these roads. According to government sources, most of the tender process for construction of the roads will be completed by May-end.\"As part of Phase-I, 150 kilometres will be completely repaired and carpeted and new streetlights and signage will be placed. We have asked a research team of central road maintenance circle to assess the quality of roads in Delhi and give a report on what kind of road surface is required in each stretch as per traffic movement. These roads will be built and maintained by the same contractor for five years so will be well-kept,\" said PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan.While patchwork on the roads has been started and will be completed before monsoon, the roads will be properly constructed after the monsoon season, said officials. This is the first time that the drains will also be cleaned and maintained by the PWD. Each of these roads are 60 feet or wider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12903386", "title": "Minor sedated, gang-raped in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A minor was gang-raped after being sedated in Rabupura area in Greater Noida on Friday.According to police, the incident took place in Tirthali village when the victim was alone at her residence. \"One of her neighbours allegedly brought the victim to his home along with his friend. The duo locked the girl in a room, offered her a sedative and and gang-raped her for five hours,\" a senior police official said.One of the villagers spotted the girl in the house and informed her family. Acting on the information, the victim's family reached the spot and rescued her. One of the accused managed to escape from the scene while his friend was overpowered by locals who brutally thrashed him. However, he also managed to flee after some time. \"Due to overcrowding, the other accused also escaped,\" the official said. Following the victim's complaint, a case was registered. The victim's medical examination has been conducted and the report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904777", "title": "Government defends SIT chief\u2019s transfer", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Friday told the high court that IPS officer K Srinivasa Reddy was transferred as chief of the special investigation team ( SIT) probing the liquor syndicate scam after he was promoted to the rank of IG and ruled out bringing him back. It said the investigation into the liquor scam was progressing well under other officers.When the matter came up for hearing on Friday before the division bench comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice P V Sanjay Kumar, advocate general A Sudarshan Reddy said the transfer of Srinivasa Reddy was made upon his promotion, a process that took several months involving sanction from the Centre. \"Since there is no position for IG rank officer in ACB, the state had no option but to transfer him. Sivadhar Reddy, who replaced Srinivasa Reddy, too is an officer of integrity. There are no complaints against him even from those who are opposing the transfer of Srinivasa Reddy,\" the AG said.To support his argument, the AG brought to the notice of the court the arrest of a former district collector of Khammam on charges of aiding liquor syndicates. \"The state has never interfered in the ongoing liquor probe. Moreover, it would set a bad precedent in the administration if we recall Srinivasa Reddy now,\" the AG said.Further, the AG claimed that ACB additional DG Boobathi Babu's letter to the state seeking retention of Srinivasa Reddy found its way into the media the same day and that several pressure groups started functioning for and against the retention. Pointing fingers at Boobathi Babu, the state's counter said that he had never asked for Srinivasa Reddy's retention in the ACB.However, this was objected to by the counsel for the petitioners OM Debora of Forum for Better Hyderabad and advocate P V Krishnaiah, who said that IPS officer Sivadhar Reddy, too was promoted to the IG rank. \"Moreover, though there are several DGP rank officers available and though the post of ACB's DG is to be held by a DGP rank officer, the post is currently being held by an additional DG rank officer (Boobathi Babu),\" he said. The bench sought to know at this stage whether the petitioner was seeking Boobathi's transfer as well. In response, the petitioner said Boobathi could be retained as additional DG but that the post should be held by a DG.The bench also sought to know as to why Srinivasa Reddy's batchmates such as Soumya Misra and Shika Goel were not promoted. The AG replied that they were all empanelled as IG rank officials and would be promoted when vacancies arise. Sivadhar Reddy too, was empanelled as IG but not promoted so far, he said.The bench asked the petitioners to file a reply to the contentions raised by the state and posted the matter to June 11, the day on which the ACB is supposed to file its third status report on the liquor scam probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12909985", "title": "Briton who sold fake Indian Viagra told to pay back", "text": "LONDON: A Briton who made millions of pounds and led a lavish lifestyle by selling online counterfeit and unlicensed medicines including fake Viagra sourced from India, has been asked to pay back 14 million pounds.Investigators found that Manchester-based Simon Hickman, who ran the online 'pharmacy', made 15.4 million pounds from his dealings.The Southwark crown Court has now asked him to return 14 million pounds within six months.He has been given six months to pay, with a default sentence of 10 years if he does not pay in time.He was sentenced to two years in jail in June 2009. Hickman reportedly sold Viagra sourced in India and slimming aids through his website MSH World Trade.Other products sold included sex toys, aphrodisiacs and penis enlargement pumps.Some Viagra tablets sourced from India were counterfeits and were illegal to sell in the UK.The Medical and Healthcare products Regulatory Authority (MHRA), which is the government agency responsible for ensuring that medicines and medical devices work and are acceptably safe, said it was the largest confiscation order against a dealer in fake medicines.MHRA investigators discovered that Hickman's money trail was followed through over 30 bank accounts in six foreign jurisdictions and included the setting up of an online casino based in Malta.It also uncovered the extent of Hickman's lavish lifestyle with Range Rovers and luxury flats.During the investigation, MHRA said Hickman breached a restraint order that was in place preventing him from dealing with his assets.He also sold a flat in London without revealing the true selling price and subsequently diverted in excess of 600,000 pounds to an associate.The court found that Hickman benefited from his criminality to the value of 15,427,850 pounds and the order to pay 14,407,850 pounds was made.Danny Lee-Frost, MHRA Head of Operations, Enforcement said, \"The granting of this order demonstrates the MHRA's commitment to ensuring that those responsible for the sale and supply of fake and unlicensed medicines will not benefit from their criminality\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903707", "title": "Gujarati hero eyes US conquest", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Gujarati movie is all set to woo US audience with English dubbing. The filmmaker is also eyeing a record - for being the first Gujarati movie to get released in the US in English.Veer Hamirji, a film based on the life of a Rajput warrior of Saurashtra, will get released next month in the state in Gujarati. The producers have tied up with an international brand for movie distribution that will ensure mid-2012 national and international release.A young team of alumni of the MS University's Faculty of Performing Arts have tried to capture the essence of Hamirji Gohil, a Rajput warrior from Lathi who died along with his friend Vegdo Bhil and a small army of youngsters in medieval times to save Somnath falling in the hands of Muslim invaders. Gohil has now been part of legend as his statue greets pilgrims at the entrance of Somnath temple commemorating his sacrifice.Talking about the project, Maulik Pathak, who plays multiple roles of the actor for title role, producer, scriptwriter and editor, told TOI that he came across a thesis written about invasions on Somnath by Dipak Vyas, a researcher of Mumbai University, two years back.\"The story of a young man sacrificing his life for a cause touched me and I decided to make a film on Hamirji's life. We started building a team for a film project. While most of the current Gujarati movies have budget less than Rs 50 lakh, we raised fund of more than Rs 1 crore not to compromise on quality. We went through folklores, history books and even met with descendants of Gohil for the research,\" said Pathak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jeonjhar", "code": "12903683", "title": "Man electrocuted while trying to save parents", "text": "JEONJHAR: A 27-year-old youth died of electric shock after coming in contact with an electric wire on Thursday night in Saraskela village under Sadar police station limit. The deceased was identified as Ganeswar Sethy.According to sources, many trees were uprooted in the area due to gusty winds on Thursday night. An electric wire passing through the village also snapped in the storm and fell on the ground. When Rankanidhi Sethy, the deceased's father went out of his house to attend to the call of nature, he got a shock after coming in contact with the wire and shouted for help. His wife rushed out and also suffered an electric shock. His parents' shout for help woke Ganeswar up and he went out to see what was wrong. While rescuing his parents Ganeswar was electrocuted and died on the spot.Tension mounted in the village after the incident. An electric department official and police went to the spot on Friday to investigate the incident. The electric department official assured family members of the deceased of adequate compensation.\"Postmortem of the body was conducted after registering a case in police station. Investigation is on,\" said a police officer of Sadar police station.Earlier on Wednesday, a tribal student of Kadakala high school also died due to electrocution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12905060", "title": "Defend Government Orders under probe or scrap it: Babus to govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hitting out at the political establishment that has so far appeared to be indifferent to their plight, the eight IAS officers who were served notices by the Supreme Court in the Jagan assets case demanded that the 26 Government Orders (GOs) in question be either defended or kept in suspension till a final verdict is reached in the CBI investigation.\"A criminal investigation on such a GO would be a mockery of justice if the operation of that order runs parallel to the criminal investigation,\" IAS officers Manmohan Singh , M Samuel, Aditya Nath Das, SV Prasad, K Ratna Prabha, Y Srilakshmi, CVSK Sarma and B Sam Bob have stated in a letter to chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi on Friday.The letter listed the 26 GOs on which the Supreme Court sought their views. The GOs pertained to various land allotments as well as other benefits like release of Krishna water to India Cements, etc, and are being claimed by the CBI as evidence of the quid pro quo arrangement that the state government headed by Y S Rajasekhara Reddy entered into with various private companies and individuals who, in return for the said allotments, invested money in companies floated by Jaganmohan Reddy. The letter makes only a fleeting reference to the six ministers in the YSR cabinet who also were served notices by the apex court.The eight IAS officers said the CBI has been quoting these 26 GOs as evidence in the criminal court as proof of alleged wrongdoing of individual officers/ministers. \"This kind of scrutiny of GOs by an investigating agency without ascertaining the legal validity of the order is not only premature but raises a question mark on the very system of governance and executive decision making process, because a GO is an outcome of a series of activities, ie, collection and examination of information, recommendation of departments, individuals, experts and thereafter, a final decision is made keeping in view the public policy and public interest as laid down through GOs and cabinet decisions. It is never the result of a single individual's endeavour,\" the bureaucrats said.Further, the officers said \"if such GOs are made the sole basis of criminal investigation without subjecting it to any judicial review or without establishing prima facie any malafide or malpractice, then the whole system of decision making and governance will come to a standstill....If the criminal investigation is proposed to be launched only on the basis of such a GO, then it would be open to government to either defend that order or suspend that order till a final verdict is reached on that investigation.A criminal investigation on such a GO would be a mockery of justice if the operation of that order runs parallel to the criminal investigation.\"Urging the state government to take a serious note of the issue, the IAS officers said the advocate general or any eminent lawyer should defend the right of the government to take executive decisions and the right of the government of a judicial scrutiny or validation of such orders before these orders by themselves become a subject or evidence for investigating and prosecuting public servants. \"The principle that all GOs are orders of the government and not acts of individual should be upheld till proven otherwise in a court of law and not in a police station,\" the eight officers said. The replies are to be sent to the Supreme Court by April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12904542", "title": "Play focuses on dirty politics", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the fourth week of ongoing Gursharan Singh Nat Utsav, organized by Adakar Manch Mohali, the play \"Kursi, Morcha Te Hawa Vich Latak De Lok\" and \"Aoo Rani Ji\" was staged at open air theatre of Punjab Kala Bhawan in Sector 16 on Friday.Play \"Kursi, Morcha Te Hawa Vich Latak De Lok\", unfolds the wickedness of political leaders and religious leaders who together loot the common man. The play hits hard against the dirty politics played in our country. The actors of the play were Vinod Kumar, Baninderjit Singh, Mandeep Mani, Surinder Singh, Sarthak Narula, Rakesh Rocky, Navdeep and Sunny Singh .The second play \"Aoo Rani Ji\" tells the story of welcome of the queen of England by the Sikh priests when she came to India. It talks about the double standards of religiousleaders.On Saturday, \"Nayak' directed by Baninderjit Singh Bani and \"Kammian Da Vehra\" directed by S Gursharan will be staged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12903017", "title": "Supreme Court upholds High court's decision to quash quota in promotion", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Supreme Court, on Friday upheld the Allahabad high court's decision to scrap the policy of reservations in promotions introduced by the Mayawati government.The Allahabad high court on January 4, 2011 had dubbed it \"unconstitutional\" and struck it down following at least 50 petitions by employees associations from across the state. Following this, a special leave petition was filed in the Supreme Court against the order by the Bahujan Samaj Party government and some organisations.Terming the SC decision to quash reservation in promotion as a milestone, the state government employees of general category burst into celebrations on Friday. The decision will benefit nearly 18 lakh UP government employees -- mainly of the general and OBC category -- who have been waiting for their promotions for the past five years.The issue dates back to 2007, when Mayawati came to power and introduced reservation in promotions. The BSP government introduced the policy that stipulated reservation for SC employees in the first stage of their promotion and that of the benefit of consequential seniority in successive promotions under Rule 8-A of the UP Government Servants Seniority (Third amendment) Rules, 2007.However, on January 4, 2011, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court comprising Justice Pradeep Kant and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi ruled that there is no provision of reservation in promotion with respect to government services in Uttar Pradesh. It also struck down rule 8A of the consequential seniority rules as amended in 2007, holding that they are not in conformity with the Supreme Court directives. Also, the court quashed a number of seniority lists of various government departments, which had been prepared on the basis of the said rules.The Mayawati government had then moved a special leave petition in the Supreme Court following which the high court order was stayed.Things started changing with the change of guard in Uttar Pradesh in March when SP rode to power. In fact, the high-level committee, headed by UP chief secretary Jawed Usmani on March 28 issued a circular stating that the state government will abide by the high court's order of January 4, 2011.Employees under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti distributed sweets and hugged each other as soon as the news of the Supreme Court decision trickled in. \"It is not the question of one's victory or other's defeat. It is a question of welfare of the state,\" said president of the Samiti, Shailendra Dubey. He said that there have been grave resentment and apprehensions among the employees vis-a-vis their future for the past five years. Dubey claimed that it will also benefit over two lakh SC/ST employees, who could not be promoted (as per their seniority) since the matter was sub judice.The Samiti has asked the state government to promote officers and get the vacant positions filled as per the seniority. The Samiti also demanded notional promotion to those who retired from the service without taking their due promotions.Executive member of Abhiyanta Sangh, Sandeep Pandey said, \"It was because of the vacant positions that many development activities have been stalled in the state. That may resume now,\" he said.However, government employees belonging to the reserved category under the aegis of Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti termed the decision as \"unfortunate\". Samiti president, KB Ram said that the officials of the reserved category will be filing a review petition in the Supreme Court. \"We have asked the members to maintain restrain and continue to fight. It is unfortunate that the employees of the reserved category have been deprived of the benefits prescribed in the Constitution,\" Ram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905128", "title": "Sonia lands in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: AICC president Sonia Gandhi arrived late on Friday night by a special flight at the HAL airport here.Sonia will leave for Chitradurga and Tumkur at 8am Saturday. She will fly to Nagasamudra village in Chitradurga by helicopter and meet some farmers there. The village and dry tank there will be shown to her as a sample of the drought-hit areas in Karnataka.Sonia will reach Siddaganga mutt at 11am for the Guruvandana of its seer Sri Shivakumara Swamiji. She will address a general body meeting of the Congress at the Siddaganga Institute of Technlogy, 4km from the mutt, have lunch and leave by chopper to Bangalore by 2pm. She will later emplane for New Delhi from HAL airport.Though the Siddaganga mutt authorities have invited chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa to the Guruvandana , neither will be present. The CM will be in Bangalore and Yeddyurappa is in Haveri. There is a possibility of Yeddyurappa visiting the mutt in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12911108", "title": "Retinol is the magic youth potion again!", "text": "The wonder product is back in the news.After going round and round on the best skincare options to keep age at bay, experts are now placing retinol back on top of the list this year.Retinol, that is no longer packaged in a scary looking metallic jars and with many dire warnings on sun sensitivity, is truly the magic youth potion that now comes in combination with several other products for maximum anti age benefits.Experts say that retinol fights wrinkles, zaps blemishes, diminishes age spots and above all, removes the dead skin cells on the surface of your skin so that you can retrieve the youthful glow of your face. Also, since retinol is an antioxidant, it helps neutralize substances called free radicals that destroy healthy skin cells.Prescription retinol has been used by women , often rather indiscriminately. It needs to be used very carefully in its concentrated form and not smeared on the face at any time of the day. This form of retinol can be drying and irritating for people with dry, sensitive skin.Fortunately, today there are many high end creams that contain the right amounts of retinol which are just as effective. They also come in a number of strengths so that you can obtain it at any price that suits your budget. And when it is in combination with other anti aging blends, your numerical age can remain only a number, after all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "12903996", "title": "V O Chidambaranar port sets record as profits increase", "text": "TUTICORIN: The V O Chidambaranar port in Tuticorin has set a record of sorts by earning a profit of Rs 102 crore in 2011-12 fiscal.This is the second time since the port was declared as a major port in 1974 that a Rs 100 crore profit has been achieved, said A Subbiah, chairman of the V O Chidambaranar port trust. The turnover of the port during the fiscal was Rs 312.74 crore. Subbiah said that in the 2010-11, the port recorded a gross revenue of Rs 330.12 crore and the expenditure was Rs 183.47 crore.Subbiah said the port's export traffic has increased considerably due to a rise in volume of cargoes caustic soda, sulphuric acid, foodgrains like maize, general cargo like granite, stone, sugar, raw sugar, machinery construction material and containerised cargo. Similarly, import cargo like naptha, LPG, diesel, liquid ammonia, fertilisers like urea, DAP and other finished fertilisers and fertiliser raw materials like rock phosphate have also recorded an increase.\"The primary reason is the increase in volume of fertiliser traffic. Cargo of thermal coal as well as industrial coal has also increased,\" he said. In 2011-12, the port has handled 28 million tonnes of cargo surpassing the target of 26 million tonnes fixed by the Centre, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12903573", "title": "Blast reveals bomb making unit", "text": "CHENNAI: Two men making a country bomb in a dingy room in a Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB) quarters near T P Chathiram were injured when explosives went off in the wee hours on Friday.The accused were identified by the police as Sathya, 32, and Suganthan, 27, from Tuticorin. They have murder cases pending against them and were making the bomb since they feared an attack by a rival gang. The duo initially told the police that the television set in their room had exploded.Joint commissioner of police (east zone) S N Seshasai said the men had bought some firecrackers from shops in Parry's Corner. \"Suganthan was stuffing the explosive materials inside a talcum powder box when it exploded,\" he said.There was blood splatter on the floor of their room and the verandah. They have been living in a 20x10 ft room on the first floor of a housing board unit. The room was allotted to a former DMK councillor, Govindhan, who had rented it out to Sathya three months ago.Neighbours informed the police after they heard a blast from Sathya's room at 1.30am. \"They were injured in the hands. We shifted them to Stanley Medical College Hospital for treatment,\" Kilpauk deputy commissioner of police S Bhavaneeswari said.During inquiries, Sathya claimed he was a truck driver in the city. Suganthan came to the city and started staying with Sathya 15 days ago. Sathya was involved in two murders reported at Anna Nagar in Chennai and Tuticorin. Police said Suganthan was involved in the murder of dalit leader Pasupathi Pandian's kin Kasi Pandian a few months ago. Suganthan received an anonymous call on Thursday threatening that he would be eliminated. \"He was readying the bomb because of the threat,\" a police officer said.Police said Sathya was involved in the murder of a Hakkim Bai, a cook in Anna Nagar, Chennai in 2009 and later in the killing of Jerald near a wineshop in Tirunelveli. Suganthan's father was murdered by gangster Patturaj in Tirunelveli and he suspected the same gang had planned to eliminate him. \"So he fled to Chennai and stayed with his friend,\" the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905622", "title": "Air exam woes at Adalat", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's help at hand for students to solve their examination-related problems.Bangalore University will hold Exam Adalat from next week to hear and clear 4,500 cases pending since 2000. The university has appointed Basavarya GM, retired district judge, to preside over the Adalat.The hearing will be held every alternate day. Students will have to file an application to their college, addressed to the university registrar, evaluation. This has to be attached with required proofs. The principal has to stamp and forward it to the university with remarks.The grievance will be given to the legal cell, where it is registered. The student will be informed about the hearing date and will have to appear before the judge either in person or by authorizing another person. The ruling will be made available for the student on these websites the next day: and.If the student is dissatisfied with the judgment, he/she can approach the court. The cases are divided into categories like marks card, revaluation, challenge revaluation, internal assessment, degree certificate. The judge will decide whether to go by categories or colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12902884", "title": "High court ultimatum to Haldiram\u2019s in illegal use of amusement park case", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Friday gave a last chance to Haldiram's International to file a reply in a PIL alleging illegal use of its amusement park Krazy Castle near Ambazari lake for marriages and private functions. The case was listed before a division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale.According to petitioner Sandip Agrawal, NIT had given its 6.4 acres land to Haldiram's on Built Operate and Transfer (BoT) basis for running an amusement and water park at rate of 12 lakh per year. He contends the purpose seems to have been defeated since the company is misusing this prime area by providing the park for private functions/weddings.The petitioner, citing a circular released NIT under Right to Information (RTI) Act, contended that this is resulting in loss of revenue to the trust. The NIT clarified in the RTI query that Haldiram's wasn't granted permission to provide the area for private parties/weddings.Agrawal added that neither the tender nor the agreement contains any clause mentioning use of this land for private functions/marriages. In fact, the use should be strictly confined to an amusement or water park, he argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12904986", "title": "\u2018Pay Rs 50 lakh for terminating allotment of flat\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ordered a Goregaon (E) co-operative housing society to pay Rs 50.25 lakh to a member for arbitrarily and wrongly terminating a flat's allotment.Doordarshan Employees Co-operative Housing Society Ltd was ordered to pay Delhi resident Y K Mehta Rs 50 lakh in lieu of the flat and Rs 25,000 as costs to the complainant.In the complaint filed on June 9, 2001, Mehta said he has been a society member since its inception and was chairman from January 1989 to September 1999. As per the allotment letter dated April 29, 1999, he was allotted a 985 sq ft flat valued at Rs 6.25 lakh.He stated that he paid the society Rs 1.60 lakh as advance , but in October 1999, it demanded Rs 1.50 lakh more. When Mehta did not pay that, the amount was raised to Rs 2.58 lakh. In November 1999, he sought six months to pay up.Mehta urged the society to arrange a loan too. He paid the amount in January 2000, but in November 1999, on the recommendation of the managing committee, the society cancelled allotments to four members, including Mehta, as they were persistent defaulters and did not respond to requests on their dues. An aggrieved Mehta then filed the complaint.The state commission decided the complaint in 2009 and the society was directed to give the flat's possession to Mehta after receiving the balance. But the subsequent allottee of the flat filed an appeal before the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission. The appeal was allowed and the matter was remitted back to the state commission for the new allottee to be heard and for the dispute to be settled.The society and its then office-bearers contended that Mehta's allotment was revoked as he was a persistent defaulter. It argued that it was within their powers to re-allot the flat once the allotment was revoked.Quoting an unregistered agreement between Mehta and the society signed before the allotment letter was given, the commission pointed out that the society had to give a 15-day notice in writing of its intention to terminate the agreement and the breach of terms and conditions. The commission said the record was unclear as to whether Mehta's request was brought to the general body's notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12903269", "title": "Nurturing creativity this summer", "text": "MUMBAI: Every summer, parents and children seek respite from the scorching afternoons and malls are a usual getaway. Providing a purpose to visit malls this summer, the Times NIE Children's Festival was conducted from April 14 to 22.\"I love painting and such platforms help me showcase my talent,\" said Laukik Javkar, one of the prize winners. Speaking about what the children loved the most during the nine-day event, Shivali Parekh, who taught kids art techniques, said, \"Today, children are competitive, they leave no stone unturned in putting in their best. Most of them here enjoyed using watercolours and glitter.\" The festival gave kids an opportunity to learn creative art techniques such as pop-up-cards, eye masks, tile painting, diya decoration and paper bag puppets among others. This year around 12,000 children and 5,000 parents were part of the festival that was held at Tardeo, Goregaon, Vashi and Thane.Adding the glam quotient to the fest, television actor Nehha K Mehtta, who interacted with the kids said, \"It's wonderful to be around children and TOI is doing a great job by conducting these workshops.\" While students were busy unfolding their imagination, parents were a happy lot too. One of the parents, Prithi Kapadia, said, \"Children usually waste time watching TV or surfing the net. We are happy that they are learning something new at the workshops.\"\"At Hello Panda, we believe that kids should have fun, learn and be at their creative best. Partnering with Times NIE was a win all situation,\" said Rashesh Doshi, director, Meiji India Pvt Ltd, the title sponsor for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12905109", "title": "Indore: Representing university in sports costs students dearly", "text": "INDORE: Students who are representing the Devi Ahilya Vishwa Vidhyalaya (DAVV) at the national and state-level sports meet are getting a raw deal. Instead of being encouraged and lauded, seven students of the university who missed their semesters are now facing the music.Students from Government Arts and Commerce College, Khalsa College and Christian College who missed their semester examination in January as they were representing DAVV in different sports meet are still waiting for a special examination.Now the next semester examination is scheduled to be held from May 1, but these students are still waiting to clear their last semester due to apathetic attitude of the university.Sports teacher of Government Arts and Commerce College, Mahendra Mishra along with sports teacher of two other colleges on Friday made a representation to acting vice-chancellor Dr Rajkamal and demanded that special examinations for those students be held soon.\"University which is expected to encourage for sports, is rather discouraging them. They represented the university at state and national sports meet,\" said Mishra adding that students were waiting for the special examination for the last four months. As per the rule exam should have been held in January.Seven students including six from B.Com fifth semester while another from MA third semester had missed their semesters. Shivam Sharma of B.Com fifth semester said he is paying the price for playing for university. \"From next time I will think twice before sacrificing my examination for sports meet,\" said Shivam.Imran Khureshi, Kunal Singh and Akansha Gevere said that their sixth semesters examination are going to start in next few days but still they have not cleared their fifth semester.\"Even if we clear our sixth semester we will be failed as we have not cleared all papers of fifth semester,\" they said adding that they had missed two papers of fifth semester in January for sports meet. Rahul Borse and Khandekar also expressed the similar view.MA third semester student Sumit Paliwal said that treatment like this make him realise that students should not take sports seriously as it is not a career and even university do not take it seriously.However, dean (students welfare) Rajiv Dixit said he learnt about the issue recently and would try to get it resolved soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12904365", "title": "Delimitation issue: Velim, Raia join protest brigade", "text": "MARGAO: Complaints into the delimitation process of the village panchayats in view of the upcoming panchayat elections continue as villagers from Velim and Raia raised their objections on Friday.Both complainants alleged that there were several discrepancies and questioned how free and fair elections could take place if the alleged mistakes were not rectified immediately.Velim resident Jetroy Dias, in a written complaint to the deputy director of panchayats, Salcete block development officer, South Goa district election commissioner and the returning officer, protested the reservation of ward number 9 in Velim panchayat for the ST community. Dias claimed that the ward had less than the stipulated minimum 20% ST residents.\"The reservation had to be according to the latest census but due to the inability of the planning and statistics department to compile the census in time, your office has given direction to follow the 2001 census,\" said Dias.Dias further said that if no action was taken, the whole community of ward number 9 would exercise the 'O' form, rejecting all contestants under reservations.Elsewhere, in Raia, former Curtorim contestant Raju Iyer alleged that there were discrepancies in the delimitation process as far as the reservation of wards for ladies were concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908156", "title": "Gateway to gourmet", "text": "A restaurateur's job entails being a tough taskmaster but entering the culinary world has never heralded so many exciting opportunities as it does today. Amrapali Saha presents the details...A restaurateur, French for restaurant owner, must remember the three Ps of his trade - perseverance, persistence and patience. Owning a restaurant involves running a tight ship, commitment towards top quality customer service, having a keen eye on all aspects of the business and a hands-on approach. There are many options for restaurateurs, buying an old establishment, opening a new one or becoming a franchise for a recognised brand. The onus of making profits, determining the rate of growth and keeping tabs on the market rests with the restaurateur. But with increasing disposable incomes, greater opportunities for tourism and a will to experiment with food has led to restaurants becoming a lucrative business proposition thus attracting substantial investments.AcademicsProfessor Y G Tharakan, head of department, allied hospitality studies and masters programmes, Welcomgroup Graduate School of Hotel Administration, Manipal University believes this is the only career option which combines entrepreneurship and intrapreneurship that is equally developed in students during their academic and practical exposures. \"Students can seek admission to any of the 28 national council institutes or state run institutes of hotel management and catering technology or privately managed institutes and easily seek placements in any hospitality services sector in India or abroad or become an independent entrepreneur,\" says Tharakan. A professional technical degree in hotel management from a recognised institution would not only equip the student to think beyond the ordinary but also facilitate easier availability of loans from financial institutions while starting a venture.Skills requiredKitchen and restaurant management skills can be acquired through culinary or restaurant specialisation programmes offered by various institutes across the country. \"IGNOU offers courses on Indian gastronomy and regional cuisines. Government or state run institutes are mainly oriented towards skill development while privately managed institutes offer skill oriented programmes in culinary arts,\" says Tharakan. Opening a restaurant also involves going through a lot of procedures. Firstly, a no-objection certificate or a fire license is required from the fire department. If it's a new building, then one must apply only after installing a sprinkler system. For those operating from individual houses or old buildings, adequate firefighting equipment will be enough for the no-objection certificate. Next up is the trade license and then the police license which is required to start operations. To serve alcohol at fine-dining establishments, it is necessary to have a bar license. It is also important to have appropriate insurance coverage.Job opportunitiesRestaurateur Bibi Sarkar points out two career paths for restaurant owners. \"If you are attached to the restaurant as an investor, you can be dependent on chefs but you must know the nitty-gritty of the trade. If you are a chef and open your own restaurant then you are the person in charge. In the restaurant business, if you can make a lot of money, you can also lose a lot of money so if you don't have passion, don't get into it.\" With tourism, hospitality and travel trade being identified as one of the 21 priority high growth sectors in India by the union government and culinary training earmarked for creating a pool of skilled personnel, business is set to be booming.Scope\"Domestic tourism is growing steadily as the middle class has disposable income to indulge in the services of the hospitality and tourism sector. The international tourist arrival in the country is also showing an encouraging trend year by year as predicted. The presence of multinational restaurant chains and other eating out facilities in Tier I and Tier II cities in India are a testimony to a bright future,\" observes Tharakan. Sustainability is a key factor apart from keeping up with the times and changing as per the needs of the market. \"This trade is very labour intensive and with every new restaurant opening there can be poaching of talent. Retaining staff has become extremely crucial,\" says Bibi.Prospects", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12902829", "title": "Mayor\u2019s iPhone call is out of coverage", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation officials are in a quandary. They have bought an expensive Blackberry handset for the new mayor Anil Sole. Sole has refused it saying he already has one. He wants an Apple iPhone instead, but sources say municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has refused, citing rules.The incident has caused another rift between the office bearers and administration with two days left for the first meeting of new general body. NMC has to provide mobile phones to mayor, deputy mayor, chairman of standing committee and other office bearers. \"However, former mayor Archana Dehankar and deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe have not returned the Blackberry handsets given to them so far. So the mayor office asked for an Apple iPhone for Sole and deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav. However, Jaiswal asked officials to provide Blackberry handsets as per provisions in the bylaws.Accordingly, Blackberry handsets were procured for Sole, Jadhav and chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari. Tiwari and Jadhav took them but Sole refused saying he already had a Blackberry,\" said sources.Officials have quietly taken back the handset and are awaiting resolution of the matter between mayor and civic chief. A staffer from mayor office said, Sole refused the handset to prevent additional expenditure to the NMC. \"Sole is not aware of demand for iPhone,\" he said.Additional deputy municipal commissioner Sanjay Nipane was not available for comment despite many attempts.A senior official from GAD said, several office bearers do not return the handsets on completion of their tenure. \"NMC has to purchase handsets whenever new office bearers come to power. Only the officials return their handsets on being transferred,\" he said.Meanwhile, the tangle about mayor's office renovation work is yet to be resolved. The administration had renovated the mayor office at an expense of around Rs 4.50 lakh without issuing any tender. The officials are figuring out how to pay the contractor as rules bar undertaking any such work without tender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12904020", "title": "Coimbatore mayor threatens NGOs on tree-felling", "text": "COIMBATORE: Giving a new twist to the ongoing war of words between the city corporation and green activists over felling of trees for road widening works, mayor SM Velusamy on Friday passed a special resolution in the corporation council to initiate criminal proceedings against NGOs who stop tree felling to facilitate development works. The resolution comes a day after a city court issued a stay against felling to widen Marudhamalai Road.The resolution said the permission of the collector, who is chairman of the tree protection committee, and revenue divisional officer, is acquired before city trees are cut. But certain NGOs take the law into their own hands and stop authorities from carrying out developmental activities. The resolution empowered the corporation to approach the police and take action against NGOs.\"Certain NGOs don't practice what they advocate. They don't even take care of plants and trees at their premises. They should set an example for others. They should not take the law in their hands. Instead they can approach relevant authorities to resolve issues,\" said Velusamy.The mayor said it was mandatory to cut trees on Marudhamalai Road. \"We have told the NGOs to approach higher authorities to put forth their grievances, instead of forcibly stopping felling activities. We are prepared to answer any questions that the public have. NGOs have vested interests. Also, we will plant saplings for every tree cut,\" he said.Corporation deputy opposition leader and DMK councillor of ward 61 SM Samy said, \"Sometimes, trees need to be cut for developmental works. However, since the corporation has substantial reserve sites in the city, they plant 50 trees for every one cut. They need to plant more than they cut.\"\"We are shocked about the resolution which threatens our green cover. We are not gangsters. There is no reason to put us in jail. I am yet to see a copy of the resolution. I will decide on how to proceed in the next three to four days,\" said R Karpagam of Oli Awareness Movement, a petitioner in the Marudhamalai Road tree cutting case.Another activist, who wished to remain anonymous, said, \"We are not against development. The Marudhamalai Road definitely needs to be four-laned. But all we are asking is for a relook into the number of trees that need to be cut. We want authorities to see if some can be saved. On Mettupalayam Road, Avinashi Road and Tiruchi Road, many tree stumps stand on pavements. These trees need not have been cut at all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12905106", "title": "\u2018India, US poised for $8bn defence deals\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: As India emerges as the third largest market for US foreign military sales (FMS), the new US ambassador to India, Nancy Powell, said on Friday that the two countries are poised to sign an additional $8 billion deal in direct commercial and foreign military sales.Powell said that US-India partnership has experienced one of the highest growth rates in the Pacific.\"With the C-17 and C-130J sale, we have more than doubled our total foreign military sales and posted sales making India the third largest FMS market for 2011,\"' she said, addressing the 20th annual general meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce.Powell did not go into the specifics of the deals likely to be signed in what was her first public speech in India.\"As we share more common equipment, our bilateral defense ties will become stronger. India will be able to assume a larger leadership role in the region and effectively respond to security concerns and humanitarian relief operations,'' she added. She said equipment sales are critical to India's military modernization.According to Powell, that Obama recently called for reforms to US export control system will create a more streamlined approach to secure trade. \"This new approach will help US exporters to be more competitive and reliable suppliers of innovative technologies. We in turn expect India to sign up to and adhere to appropriate international regimes,'' she said.She described as another recent success story Boeing and Air India completing the most publicized aviation deal in recent history. \"Air India's purchase of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft will be a significant boost for US jobs and exports and the Indian aviation sector. The fuel-efficient Dreamliners are a key component of Air India's restructuring plan as India positions itself to become a global aviation hub,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902730", "title": "Janak Setu reopens on Saturday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commuting between west Delhi and the Cantonment will become easier from Saturday when the Janak Setu flyover is reopened to light traffic. Officials said the bridge has been certified fit for light vehicles and will be made fully functional within two months once the remaining repair work is completed.\"Work on Janak Setu is nearing completion. The bridge will be opened to light vehicles at 10am on Saturday. For now, height barriers will ensure that heavy vehicles don't ply on this stretch. But by June-end, the flyover will be fully repaired and open to all types of vehicles,\" said an official.The bridge was shut for repairs after a sag was noticed in June last year. MCD reconstructed the sagging span - the portion between two columns - in September, and one carriageway was opened to light vehicles towards the end of last year.The closing of the bridge had made commuting difficult in west Delhi. \"There was a lot of congestion in the area. The traffic intersections at Sagarpur became choke points. The tail of traffic used to be very long during peak hours and clearance took extremely long,\" said a senior traffic police officer.A few months ago, the carriageway in the direction of Delhi Cantonment was reopened. One-way traffic from Janakpuri to Delhi Cantonment was allowed from 7am to 4pm, and the flow was reversed from 4pm to 11pm. At night, vehicles from both sides were allowed to move on the flyover.\"As the number of vehicles moving from west to south Delhi is more in the morning and the reverse is true in the evening, we facilitate traffic flow accordingly. However, jams are inevitable as the load bearing capacity of the Sagarpur flyover is half that of Janak Setu and traffic moves slowly as a result,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Last July, a budget of Rs 7.7 crore was sanctioned by the civic agency to repair the bridge after a portion between two columns sagged. After that portion was repaired, a special team from Central Building Research Institute (CBRI), Roorkee, inspected the site. The plan was to finish repair work on the bridge by March, but after work began on the carriageway cracks were found in at least 42 pillars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12903962", "title": "Pastoral letter to highlight nurses\u2019 plight", "text": "KOCHI: The ongoing nurses' agitation across Kerala will be the highlight of this year's May Day message of the Kerala Catholic Bishops' Council. The lives of nurses who care for the lives of others should be protected, says the KCBC's labour commissioner in the pastoral letter, which will be read in all catholic churches in the state on Sunday.The message points out that workers in the service sector are severely exploited. Nurses in private hospitals, teachers of un-aided schools and domestic workers are denied basic rights.The letter also states that workers should join hands to fight injustice related to working conditions and benefits. Trade unions should also act as the representatives of the working class, and government should take effective measures like forming policies for workers, the message says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12905790", "title": "Complaints against Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College and associated hospitals", "text": "KANPUR: The treatment facilities at Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College and its associated hospitals are lying in a dismal state if the data of the newly launched helpline of state government is any indication. No authorities or doctors are paying to the complaints of the patients.Chief medical officer Ramayan Prasad Yadav said, \"We had come across complaints regarding mismanagement in the treatment at associated hospitals of GSVM Medical College through the toll-free helpline launched by the state heath department. We tried to contact the associated doctor and principal Anand Swaroop to sort out the matter. Neither the principal nor the doctor concerned had picked up the calls. They had not replied the official mail sent to them in the matter.\"The CMO said that he was not expecting that authorities of medical college will not cooperate in the initiative. If the situation remains the same and authorities of medical college will not cooperate with the heath department, a memorandum will be sent to them.The state health department has introduced a government toll free number (18001805145) in all the district hospitals in the state to improve medical facilities to the poor and illiterate people. This helpline number is same all across the state and for every district hospital.According If the sources are to be believed, this has happened after several cases of medical irregularities came to light in the city in past few months.Dr AK Saxena, nodel officer of the toll free helpline said: \"We are resolving the complaints. We talk to the authorities concerned within a day. We are also verifying it from the complainants by contacting them over phone.\"Mentioning about the complaints registered in the helpline in past four days, the nodel officer informed that two complaints were registered on April 24. The first one was from Gyanendra, who complained about improper treatment in CHC at Aamour. When the CMO talked to the authority in the CHC, he said that the Gyanendra's was an orthopaedic case while he went to a gynaecologist because of which the doctor refused to treat him. Another complaint on the same date was registered against the mismanagement at Kamlapat Singhania Memorial Hospital where Dhananjay complaint about non-availability of doctors till 12 pm.\"Replying to the same the chief medical superintendent of the hospital said that all the doctors were present in the OPD on that day. He also gave reference of additional director's visit on the same day and that too at 10.30 am,\" added Dr Saxena.Two complaints were registered against the mismanagement in Morari Lal Chest Hospital and Upper India Sugar Exchange Jaccha-Baccha hospital on April 25. A patient named Rajjan complaint against Dr Richa Giri, who prescribe medicines from outside, which is not allowed in government hospitals. The other complaint was against the doctors of Morari Lal Chest hospital by Lakhan, who said that the doctors badly treat the patients in the OPDs.\"We tried to contact the doctors and principal of GSVM but no one responded,\" Dr Saxena added.Another complaint was brought into notice by Madhusudan, who complained about asking money for treatment at CHC in Ghatampur. When the health department officials inquired about it, the authorities of the CHC said that the patient was asked to undergo a few lab tests and those charges were regular user charges. The CMO asked the authorities to give a receipt for the user charges in all the cases to avoid such disputes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12905642", "title": "Karnataka may name Pachau DGP", "text": "BANGALORE: It's not binding on the government to reinstate Shankar M Bidari as the director-general and inspector-general of the state police though the Supreme Court has set aside the Karnataka high court verdict quashing Bidari's appointment to the post.The apex court made that clear in last week's judgment on Bidari's appeal. \"Since the judgment of the high court has been set aside and the order of the Central Administrative Tribunal (on removal of Bidari from the post) has been stayed, it is open to the state government to make the posting of an officer of its choice as the DGP, Karnataka, subject, of co-urse, to the final order passed by the high court,\" the apex court has stated.Though not under pressure to remove incumbent DGP AR Infant, or replace him with Bidari, the DV Sadanando Gowda government is believed to have set the ball in motion on appointment of the new DGP, shunning all controversy in the process. It has commenced the exercise of empanelling candidates for the state police chief 's post.\"The mantle is certain to fall on Lalrokhuma Pachau, who is the seniormost IPS officer of the Karnataka cadre after Bidari and Infant, who will retire on May 31. Pachau has expressed willingness to return to Karnataka from Mizoram, where he has been on deputation as the DGP,\" a source in the state home ministry told TOI.Pachau has already obtained sanction from the Centre to return to Karnataka. Sources revealed that Pachau is expected to report for duty on May 3.The government is of the opinion that Pachau's appointment will conform with a Supreme Court 2006 guideline that DGP appointees should have at least two years of service left, the sources pointed out. Pachau is due to retire in 2015.The recent DGP appointments have run into controversies. It happened when ST Ramesh was appointed first. Later, Infant went to court against Bidari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902712", "title": "Greater Noida land acquisition row: SC sends notice to Uttar Pradesh government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday sought the Uttar Pradesh government's reply to a plea by nine farmers of a Greater Noida village, challenging acquisition of their land for developing Noida Extension adjoining Delhi.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale issued notices to the state government and Greater Noida Authority on a petition filed by the farmers from Bisrakh who challenged the Allahabad high court decision that, on October 21, 2011, refused to quash the acquisition of their village land acquired by using the urgency clause. Around 608 hectares of land had been acquired in Bisrakh, where around 15 residential projects are underway.The bench also tagged their petitions with similar pleas that have reached the apex court over last several months.The Supreme Court had quashed acquisition of around 158 hectares of land in Shahberi village and the Allahabad high court had denotified 589 hectares of land in Patwadi in July last year, sending real estate projects underway in the region into a tizzy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12902927", "title": "8-year-old girl bought for Rs 6,000 from West Bengal rescued", "text": "NAGPUR: An eight-year-old girl allegedly bought from West Bengal for Rs 6,000 and employed as domestic help by a couple at Nehru Nagar was rescued on Friday afternoon by team of Childline, an NGO, along with two constables from Gittikhadan police station.The matter is being probed by Gittikhadan police station. Cops said they were still talking to the victim and interrogating the couple and were yet to register an offence.According to the Childline activist, the girl was bought by the couple Pradeep Banerjee and his wife last year when she was seven.Banerjee told police that the girl's mother had passed away when she was six and hence her father wanted to give the girl in adoption.Her father is a migrant labourer. Banerjee, 56, is a senior executive in a leading private company.Since the girl can only speak Bengali, police and activists are not able to communicate properly with her. Childline activist said she seemed scared and shocked and not in condition to tell anything. She understands a bit of Hindi as she spoke a few words with a female constable.\"She needs some time to open up. We will be counselling the girl for two days and then record her statement,\" said the activist.On initial interrogation the girl stated that since from the first day she was brought home, she has been doing domestic work. She was not allowed to go outside and talk to anybody. On receiving information from the people from Nehru Nagar, city coordinator Barnic Gangmei and his team headed by Chhaya Gurav and Margaret Kujur raided Banerjee's home at Nehru Nagar at around 4.30 pm.\"Banerjee allowed us to check the home and we found the girl in the kitchen. She was sitting on a table with her head down. We brought her out and she didn't even stop us. Her eyes appeared dull and she was underweight,\" said Gurav.The condition in which the girl was sitting seems she was kept for either domestic help or to look after Pradeep's wife who is reportedly suffering from psychological problem, claimed Gurav.Banerjee told police that the couple lost their only son in a road mishap two years ago and since then his wife is under trauma. \"We wanted to adopt a child but since we are very old and could not fulfill the adoption criterion, we were not allowed. Later, one of our relative told us about the girl's father who was willing to give the girl in adoption,\" Banerjee said in his statement to the cops.Banerjee explained that he took care of girl as his daughter and was looking for a Bengali school to continue her studies.Childline activists said there is a Bengali school at Nehru Nagar but Banerjee had not taken her there or at any others. Police took the girl to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH) for age determination. Activists said she would be kept at an institution at Shradhanandpeth until Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12902858", "title": "Students' union polls at Lucknow University in October", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University on Friday announced the tentative date for the students union elections. The electoral process will begin from September 26 and voting will be held on October 5. This was decided in the admission committee meeting held on Friday.University spokesman Prof Rajesh Mishra said: \"The university is gearing up to hold student union elections in a democratic way. We look forward to the participation of maximum students.The university also released the schedule for admissions 2012. The window for online applications for undergraduate (UG) courses will begin on May 14 and close on June 14. Counselling for the UG programmes will be held from July 1-15. The online window for postgraduate, diploma and proficiency courses will open from June 25 till July 20. The counseling for PG, diploma and proficiency programmes will be held from August 3-14.Candidates seeking admission to PhD JRF can fill the online form May 20 till June 5. If required, the entrance test for PhD admissions will be held on June 17. For non-JRF candidates seeking admission to PhD, the online process will be held from July 21 till August 5. The entrance test for non-JRF will be held on August 28.For admissions to MPEd, BPEd, MCA, PGDCA, MPhil programmes, the university's online window will remain open from July 21 till August 8. Entrance test for MPEd, MCA, MPhil will be held on August 25 in the morning while the test for PGDCA, BPEd will be held on the same day in the evening shift.The admission committee favoured timely declaration of results to regulate the next academic session. Discussions were also held regarding 10% increase in fee hike for second year students as decided by the university last year. However, sources said, hike in fee is unlikely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12903411", "title": "Tinted glass: 100 fined on first day", "text": "NOIDA: After the Supreme Court banned the use of tinted glass in vehicles beyond permissible limits, Gautam Budh Nagar police sprung into action cracking down on offenders. Cops were seen removing films from the windows of four-wheelers at several checking points in Noida and Greater Noida. By the end of the day, cops had fined a hundred violators collecting Rs 10,000 as fines.This year, so far, 475 people have been fined for using black films that are darker than the permissible limit. The revenue collected by the police from violators totals Rs 47,500. According to the Motor Vehicle Act, the glass of the windscreen and rear window of every vehicle must have visual transmission of light not less than 70%, while for side windows the visual transmission of light should not be less than 50%.Despite numerous drives launched by the traffic police earlier, four-wheelers with tinted glass can be regularly spotted on roads. \"The fine of Rs 100 is hardly a deterrent,\" said Raju Babu Singh, superintendent of police (traffic). \"This poses a serious challenge to law and order as nothing is visible inside the vehicle. Not surprisingly, in many major crimes, particularly against women , such cars have proved to be quite handy,\" agreed Alok Priyadarshi, deputy SP, Greater Noida. \"With a recent spate in crimes in Greater Noida we decided to crack down on crime prone areas like the Alpha commercial area and the Jagat Farms area and have challaned more than 300 defaulters in the last 10 days,\" Priyadarshi said. \"In the next few days, we will target other areas of the city too,\" he added.Backed by the directions of the apex court, cops have now geared up to give violators a tough time. The campaign launched on Friday against violators will be continuous and stricter. \"We will devise stricter norms and fines for deterring people from using tinting glass,\" Singh said. \"We are also considering applying challan techniques on the lines of Delhi where violators have to hand in either their registration papers or their driving licence along with the usual Rs 100 challan,\" added the cop.While cops are equipped with a lux meter to test the percentage of the tint, they claim that defaulters usually are aware that they are not following the regulations. \"Usually, we can easily tell if the thickness of the glass tint is more than the permissible limit. However, if anyone contests the claim, we will test the tint and show it to the vehicle owner on the spot. However, the prosecutions that have taken place this year have not been contested by vehicle owners,\" said Saifuddin Beg, senior traffic officer. Beg has cautioned vehicle owners to immediately remove tinted glasses or be ready to face action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12902606", "title": "Tree falls on compound wall at Prabhat Road", "text": "PUNE: Residents of Basant Bahar society on Prabhat road were in for a shock on Friday when a massive ame falling down on the compound wall of the building around 4 pm. Residents said the tree was old and had started to tilt towards the building. They said that the garden department of the PMC had been informed, but no steps were initiated to remove it.According to Swati Pednekar, a resident of the building, \"The tree came crashing down around 4 pm. Luckily, there were no casualties, though a wall of the building was damaged. The tree was more than 30 year old and was located on the road outside the building. We had noticed that the tree had started to decay near the roots. \"Soon after the incident, we called the fire brigade department and the garden department of PMC. The civic staff arrived at the spot to clear the branches,\" said Pednekar.Another resident, H N Batavia, said, \"We had alerted the civic administration many times that the tree was tilting towards the building, but nothing happened. It was an old tree and its roots must have become weak. The civic body needs to do something about trees that begin to tilt towards buildings.\" Sunil Kesri, head of PMC's garden department, said, \"We had received a complaint from residents of the society pertaining to the Gulmohar tree. We were planning to prune the tree, but it fell on Friday afternoon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12903930", "title": "Experts find ways to empower tribal women", "text": "RANCHI: The condition of tribal women in Jharkhand is 'pathetic'. In the last 11 years, over 1160 tribal women have been killed for practicing witchcraft and 174 have been raped, says Jharkhand Human Rights Movement records.Apart from Jharkhand women's commission chairperson Hemlata S Mohan, experts raised the issue to discuss the severity of the situation on the concluding day of a two-day conference on tribal women's rights at Jharkhand Tribal Research Institute.Sponsored by National Commission for Women, the conference was organized by an Odisha-based NGO Dharti Foundation and inaugurated by chief minister Arjun Munda on Thursday. Social activist Ashok Bhagat said, \"Tribal women in Jharkhand live in a pathetic condition. Though women do over 90% of work to sustain life, 90% decisions are taken by men.\"\"Until and unless men acknowledge their efforts and include women in decision-making, their plight will not improve,\" he said.Ranchi leads all 24 districts of the state when it comes to killing women for witchcraft practise. tnnFrom 1991 to 2010, a total of 250 women were killed in Ranchi district, nine in Dhanbad, 125 in Bokaro, 185 in West Singhbhum, and 65 in East Singhbhum among other districts.\"Unless tribal women are empowered, things are not going to change. Women should come forward whenever their right to a dignified life is denied. They should also be included in gender budgeting\" said Mohan.The consultation programme, which had around 90 activists from Bihar, Odisha, West Bengal and Jharkhand, has recommended that mobilization of women at the grassroots level is required.Sundai, an activist from Odisha said mobilization has empowered tribal women in a big way. \"Now more number of harassed women is opening up before the authorities,\" Sundai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12903524", "title": "FIR against trainee IPS officer", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Crime Branch police on Thursday registered a first information report (FIR) against a trainee IPS officer and his parents on the complaint of a woman civil services aspirant, the Madras high court was informed on Friday.Justice S Nagamuthu, recording the statement, dismissed as infructuous the criminal original petition filed by G Priyadarshini, seeking a direction to the police to register FIR against V Varun Kumar and his parents.The FIR listed various charges punishable under the IPC, besides the Tamil Nadu Prevention of Harassment of Women Act and the Information Technology (IT) Act.In her complaint, Priyadarshini stated that she had known Varun Kumar since 2007 when they were preparing for the civil services together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12903156", "title": "High court slaps Rs 50cr fine on Makrana marble mining body", "text": "JODHPUR: Cracking the whip on miners disobeying its orders, the Rajasthan High Court on Friday slapped a fine of Rs 50 crore on the Sangemarmar Khan Vikas Samiti, the association of marble mines of Makrana in Nagaur district.A division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice Kailash Chandra Joshi found the association's mines guilty of damaging the Jaipur-Jodhpur railway tracks passing through Makrana town and imposed an additional penalty on 61 such mines for not complying with a restraint order passed by the high court in 1996.As additional penalty, the 61 mines would have to pay as much as 10 times the cost of the total marble extracted by these mines from the restraint order to till date.Further, the court has directed the state government to register police complaints against three mines, which have caused the maximum damage to the railway tracks. Owner of one of these three mines-Khalil Ahmed-has been directed to pay an additional fine of Rs 1 crore.The mining association and the individual mines have been directed to deposit the penalty money with the state government within three months. The Indian Railways, which has been directed to repair the damaged tracks within this year, would be able to use this money.The high court has ordered the government to stop all mining activities within 45 meters of any road and railway track across the state with immediate effect.The division bench has suggested to the state government to identify all its mining officials who were posted in Makrana during the period when the court's restraint orders were violated.The high court passed the order as it disposed of the separate petitions filed by the Union of India and the mining association of Makrana in 1996. The Union of India had identified before the high court the 61 mines that continued their operations despite a stay order passed in 1996. The next year the mining association filed a petition requesting that the ban be lifted, but the high court turned it down.While hearing the petitions on 16 February the high court had asked the state chief secretary to tell the government's stand on the mines operating close to the railway tracks. The chief secretary assured the court that all mining leases close to the tracks would be cancelled and that the government would ensure there is no further violation of the court order.The bench on Friday also ordered contempt of court proceedings against a local photographer who accompanied a court commissioner appointed to review the damage done by the illegal mining but later failed to hand over the pictures clicked by him to the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12903894", "title": "Bride heads for BEd exam straight from wedding hall", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a testing time for relatives of Jalpa Patel, a resident of Bapunagar, on Friday, as she sped from her wedding venue to examination hall. The student of Gandhinagar Arts College, however, perfectly juggled between the two.According to her relatives, Jalpa got married to Kintu Patel, a resident of Ranip on Friday. The ceremony started at 11:00 am and ended at 2:30 pm. While others were busy having lunch, the bride jumped inside a car in her bridal clothes.\"It was a coincidence that her final year BEd exam was scheduled on the same day and she did not want to miss one year because of the function. The relatives also tried to convince her that her marriage dates can be postponed but the preparations were done. Thus, we went ahead with the arrangements,\" said her relative.Jalpa arrived at NV Vidyalaya in a car decked with flowers and garlands much to the amusement of the onlookers, who took her for a runaway bride. The examination hall also got a mild surprise as the examinee was adorned with mehndi and bright bridal wear.\"Her relatives waited outside the exam hall patiently till 6:00 pm as her exam got over. She was then driven to Gokul party plot in Bapunagar, where the kanya bidaai was performed and she was given a formal farewell by her family members. It was a unique wedding for the community,\" said Harshad Patel, a social worker from Amraiwadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904564", "title": "Eflu withdraws \u2018blind\u2019 decision", "text": "HYDERABAD: The English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) has decided to withdraw its earlier decision to not admit visually-challenged students.The university authorities on Friday decided to re-notify admission rules.After a meeting of the deans of all university departments, the varsity also decided to extend the last date for submission of applications for such students by 10 days.In the new notification, Point 9(b) which bars visually-challenged students from joining foreign language courses will be done away with.The decision was taken after it was found that denial of admission to visually-challenged students would be in violation of UGC guidelines and the Disabilities Act and thus likely to cause trouble for the well-known university.The TOI had reported on April 26 that the varsity had barred visually-challenged students from applying for courses this academic year since it was beefing up facilities in certain foreign language courses and felt it would be unable to cater to such students.The university maintained that it had always been disabled-friendly and provided them with special facilities and that its decision not to admit them had been driven by no other consideration than to improve its infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12903975", "title": "Greater Jamshedpur plan tabled", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Superior Global Consultant (SGC) presented a master plan design for Greater Jamshedpur to deputy commissioner (DC) Himani Pandey at the district headquarters on Friday.The master plan laid emphasis on construction of a mini township, new roads and proper underground sewage system keeping in mind the civic demands of the population.The Greater Jamshedpur project, which is being pursued under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, (JNNURM) programme of the Union urban development ministry, will cover 150 sq km.The Rs 15,000-crore project aims to provide efficient municipal facilities to the denizens residing in the Steel City and Adityapur town. \"The master plan will be sent to the state government for its consideration,\" said the DC.The special officers of the Jamshedpur Notified Area Committee, (JNAC), Mango Notified Area Committee (MNAC) and Jugsalai municipality were also present at the meeting along with the representative of Adityapur municipality. Senior executives of Tata Steel's subsidiary Jusco, which provides municipal services to the Tata Steel command area, also attended the presentation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "fatehgarh sahib", "code": "12905629", "title": "Raid at rehabilitation centre reveals violations", "text": "FATEHGARH SAHIB: Inhumane conditions at the rehabilitation centres surfaced during the Thursday raid at Attewali village. It was found that the inmates at \"Generation Safe Foundation Drug De-Addiction Centre\" were administered habit-forming injections so as to keep them visiting the place for good time. On complaints of violations of norms, Fatehgarh Sahib civil surgeon Gurmale Singh Chahal carried out the raid.The team discovered that addicts were often beaten up by the authorities, and the centre defaulted on the rules and regulations of the health department. They found that the owner was licenced to run just the rehabilitation centre but also operated the de-addiction centre.Civil surgeon Chahal said: \"Rather than helping addicts get over with their problems, the centre authorities injected them with habit-forming drugs.\" The inmates told the raiding team that they were beaten up for no reason and there was no psychologist and paramedical staff. They said the centre had just 14 beds though 27 addicts had been admitted for treatment.When contacted, deputy commissioner of Fatehgarh sahib Yashvir Mahajan said the centre's licence has been cancelled and an immediate closure ordered. The owner could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12914209", "title": "Slow pace of polytechnic college work irks divisional commisioner", "text": "VARANASI: The slow pace of the construction of the buildings of government polytechnic college by Rajkiya Nirman Nigam at Chakia and Dhanapur areas in Chandauli district irked the divisional commisioner, Chanchal Kumar Tiwari during a review meeting held with the officials of various departments at his office on Saturday.The commissioner got furious when the assistant director of technical education informed that the deadline for the completion of construction work was July 2012 but due to the slow pace of work it has been extended up to December 2012.Tiwari also emphasised on early completion of mini mandi, which is being constructed at Bartharakala with a budget of Rs 40 lakh. Meanwhile, assistant director of employment exchange office, revealed that there are as many as 11,251 unemployed people with education less than high school and 2,04,934 people with high school certificate, 1,72,170 people with intermediate certificate, 1,93,683 people with a bachelor's degree and 66,984 people with master's degree have been registered in the division.Joint development commissioner, Gopal Sharma, including officials of Mandi Samiti, technical education, employment offices were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903666", "title": "\u2018Torture victim\u2019 writes to police commissioner", "text": "KOLKATA: A woman has written to the police commissioner and the state human rights commission, complaining that though she had filed a torture complaint against her husband and mother-in-law on April 3, police are yet to take any action against them.She has also sought an appointment with the governor to apprise him about the matter.Payel Roy, who is now residing at Durgapur, alleges that she has been subjected to torture by her husband, a state government employee and resident of Kolkata. On April 2, Payel had allegedly gone to Charu Market police station to lodge a complaint, but the police allegedly refused to take any complaint.She then contacted an official of the chief minister's office (CMO) and lodged a complaint with police on April 3 under sections 498A, 406 and 34 IPC against her husband and mother-in-law. However even after 24 days, the police have reportedly taken no action.The woman has alleged that her brother-in-law, who is a sub-inspector in Kolkata Police has been influencing his colleagues in the case.Waiting for more than fortnight, Payel finally wrote to the state human rights commission and the police commissioner, seeking justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12905882", "title": "Jaipur Municipal Corporation rift out in open, CEO feels ACB heat", "text": "JAIPUR: The long cold war between mayor, Jyoti Khandelwal and Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC), chief executive officer, Loknath Soni came to fore on Friday. The mayor has registered a corruption complaint claiming that for self interest, the CEO has benefited a private firm.This is second time the city mayor has lodged a complaint with the ACB against any CEO. Before Soni, the mayor had registered a corruption case against CEO, Rajesh Yadav, who had auctioned government land proposed for mayor house.In a letter to director-general, ACB, the mayor had alleged, using corrupt practices, the CEO has recommended to provide contract to private firm for 20 years involved in collecting the bio-medical waste.The mayor alleged the recommendations have been rejected before. Also, even after the firm tenure was completed, the extension was given against the rules. Khandelwal said, \"The work period of the contracted firm was completed on March 12, however, till date the firm has not handed over charge to the JMC.\" She added, \"The firm continues to collect revenue from people resulting in JMC revenue loss.\"According to the sources, the conflict between CEO and Mayor aggravated, when on Thursday internal transfers of seven zone commissioners were made by the CEO. The mayor has issued a note sheet to cancel the transfers, however, the zone commissioners on Friday joined the respective new posts as no order from CEO was issued to cancel the transfers.CEO, Lok Nath, said, \"The CEO has administrative powers to make internal transfers according to the Jaipur Municipal Corporation Act and powers allocated by the state government.\" On the other hand, city mayor claimed, \" According to the Municipal Act, 2009, Section 48, it is mandatory to bring it to the mayor's notice if any internal transfers are been made.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904759", "title": "3 child workers from Bihar rescued", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three child workers aged between 10 and 12 years were rescued by the labour department officials on Thursday night.The children were identified as Mohd Dawood, 12, Abdul Razaz, 10, and Salman, 12. All of them were found selling balloons on the city streets. While Dawood was rescued from Secunderabad railway station at around 7 pm, Abdul and Salman were picked up from M J Market after Dawood informed the officials about them. \"All of them belong to Bihar ,\" S Naresh Kumar, deputy commissioner of labour, Secunderabad-I, told TOI. The children were taken to a rescue home at Saidabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12903037", "title": "Bhamragarh tehsildar was held captive for a day by Naxals", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after Naxals killed two of their former cadres and allegedly abducted 10 from Markegaon village, a top source in the Gadchiroli district administration told TOI that the tehsildar of Bhamragarh (south Gadchiroli) too had been whisked away by the Maoists like Sukma ( Chhattisgarh ) collector Alex Paul Menon.But, unlike Menon, the tehsildar - SG Kawadgade - was released after being held for a day. The incident happened last week. Kawadgade himself played down the incident.The tehsildar invited the wrath of the Naxals for seeking details for a government scheme. The Maoists had warned Kawadgade twice before taking him away forcefully.Kawadgade was preparing for implementing a government scheme for distributing various certificates required by the tribals. A government sponsored camp was set to be held soon. He was collecting photographs and other documents from the tribals as per requirements.Bhamragarh tehsildar SG Kawadgade was picked up by Naxals while collecting information the tribals for a government scheme. The tehsildar was picked up by the Naxals while on way to Gadchiroli for a meeting at the collector's office.Kawadgade's vehicle was intercepted by a Naxal messenger who whisked him away into the jungle. After being held for the duration of the day, they released Kawadgade in the evening.More horror-filled information trickled from Etapalli (North Gadchiroli) where reliable sources told TOI that the Naxals have been eliminating civilians at their will, targeting particularly the politicians and office bearers of zilla parishad, gram panchayats and panchayat samitis.\"There are possibilities that there would be more killings or resignations from different posts in Etapalli and Bhamragarh tehsils where the Naxals want to enjoy clear dominations and liberate the areas,\" said a source from Gadchiroli.Meanwhile, police continue to be clueless on the sudden spurt in Naxal violence since March and their motive behind the killings. On Thursday, the bodies of Devrao Usendi (37) and Ramsai Narote (45) were found with brutal injuries inflicted on them in Markegaon, in North Gadchiroli.For the second day, district administration continued to insist that no villagers from here have been kidnapped.Gadchiroli SP S Vireesh Prabhu said, \"Police are now camping in the villages in the night too but the remoteness of certain pockets is posing a problem,\" said Prabhu.Collector Abhishek Krishna added, \"Necessary precautionary warnings have been issued.\"Despite violence unleashed by Naxals, the state government has remained silent. This has further infuriated government officials. They are surprised over home minister and district guardian minister RR Patil not paying a visit yet even though two of his party members have been eliminated in the last couple of months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12903412", "title": "Election Commission asks government to transfer 6 district collectors", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: With its first salvo fired in the preparation for the Gujarat state assembly elections - to take place in December 2012 - the Election Commission of India (ECI) has asked the Gujarat government to transfer all those field-level officials who have completed three years of posting at one place in four years.A senior official in the chief secretary's office told TOI on Friday: \"The general administration department has received instructions from the ECI. We will have to comply with them to avoid any embarrassment when the elections are announced.\"The bureaucrat said, \"The officials who will have to be transferred include collectors of half-a-dozen districts - Bhavnagar's D G Jhalawadia, Kutch's M Thennasaran, Jamnagar's Sandeep Kumar, Bharuch's Roopwant Singh, Sabarkantha's Jai Prakash Shivhare, and Surat's AJ Shah.\"He added, \"The Gujarat government, however, has the option to post these collectors in other districts.\"In 2009, ahead of the Lok Sabha polls, ECI had asked the state government to remove Jhalawadia from his post as district collector, Amreli, because he was seen as being too close to the BJP .\"The view is Jhalawadia, a promotee IAS official, will not be able to serve in any other field posting. The ECI's is known to go by its past decisions,\" the official said.Also on ECI radar are field-level police officials, including police commissioners and district police chiefs. \"Rajkot city police commissioner Geetha Johri, for instance, will have to relinquish her present post,\" the official said.Not only district collectors, senior and junior officials working in municipal corporations and municipalities, district development officers, other lower-level district officials - including directors of District Rural Development Agencies who look after rural developmental works carried out with Central fund - will have to be transferred if they have completed three-year stints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12903013", "title": "Stop subsidy to cushion tariff hike: RWAs", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the second day of the public hearing at Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) for tariff determination for financial year 2012-13, stakeholders and consumers asked the regulator to withdraw concessions being given to different categories of consumers, including farmhouses, public schools, government and corporate hospitals, Delhi airport, Metro, the railways, chartered accountants and lawyers.The demand has been made to stave off an increase in tariff for domestic consumers. Emphasis was laid on withdrawing subsidies for the airport, Metro and Delhi Jal Board.Discoms have made a similar proposal to DERC, saying if the tariff was rationalized in these sectors, it will cushion the blow to domestic consumers. RWA representatives, while presenting their arguments against a tariff hike in the year 2012-13, said more than 20 categories of consumers were enjoying concessions without providing any benefit to the public. \"The Delhi airport, which is run by corporate houses, is used mostly by the well-heeled and the benefits of a huge tariff concession do not trickle down to common people. Similarly, private schools and hospitals run by corporates are enjoying heavy concessions. The tariff burden on the common people can be reduced if these institutions are charged on a commercial basis,\" said Anil Bajpai, president, Delhi Residents' Forum and RWA Federation, Delhi East.\"Tariff burden on domestic consumers can be eased if some tariff categories are rationalized. Poor consumers are paying for the rich ones. DERC should look into this and come up with a new tariff structure that does not put unjustified burden on the common people. Some of the categories which need to be rationalized are farmhouses, Delhi Metro, railways, airports, lawyers, chartered accountants, and government and public schools as well as hospitals,\" he added.\"At present, most of the farmhouses in the capital are being used by the rich or acting as venues for marriages, but they are paying agricultural tariff. They can get connection for 21kW of power by paying agricultural tariff, which is Rs 1.80 per unit, while a poor domestic consumer pays Rs 3.60 per unit. For hoardings, charges in Delhi are just Rs 6 per unit compared to Rs 21 per unit in Mumbai,\" said V N Bali, who stays in Ram Vihar.Stakeholders and consumers asked DERC to withdraw concessions being given to different categories of consumers, including farmhouses, public schools, government and corporate hospitals, Delhi airport, Metro, the railways, CAs and lawyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12904829", "title": "Times-IGP golf kicks off in Punjab", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Punjab leg of the Times IGP Invitational Golf Tournament kicks off at the Ranjitgarh Golf Club at Phillaur on Sunday, marking the second in the series of golf tournaments to be held in the northern region.The event, hosted by The Times of India group in association with Chandigarh Police, will be held across the northern region, before it culminates in Chandigarh in November.The tournament will be held in various cities across north in Phillaur in Punjab, Shimla in Himachal Pradesh , Srinagar in J&K; and Gurgaon in Haryana. The final round will see winners of the entire tour compete to lift the Times IGP Cup.The mega golf event at RGC is designed as a perfect blend of golf and glitz, with the corporate honchos, bureaucrats and police officers from Punjab, competing in the event. While the Alchemist Group supported the inaugural event in Chandigarh, the second in the series is christened the Janpath Villas presents Times RGC invitational tournament.The inaugural tournament in Chandigarh on March 3 and 4 at the Chandigarh Golf Club had golfer Jeev Milkha Singh , Arjuna awardee Harmeet Kahlon and golfer Gurbaaz Mann being part of the event along with 100 other golfers from across the region. Many Hollywood and Bollywood celebrities joined the event, including Cathyrn Bigelow, Mark Boyle, Sunny Deol , Sanjay Dutt and Abhey Deol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12903462", "title": "Govt backs Arabul, TMC student leader after ruckus", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government on Friday backed Trinamool Congress leader Arabul Islam who had allegedly hurled a jug of water at a professor of Bhangar College, Debjani Dey, on Tuesday and threatened to strip the teachers naked and beat them up.The government also defended Shankudeb Panda, a Trinamool student leader - who had allegedly threatened teachers with dire consequences if they aligned with the CPM.On Friday, panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee warned that teachers would be criticized \"if they went to educational institutions with CPM posters instead of books\". \"In many cases, teachers have gone off the track,\" he remarked.On the Bhangar ruckus, Mukherjee said: \"There was a heated exchange between Arabul and the teacher but nothing more than that. Also, if she was hurt, she should have lodged a complaint with the police along with a medical report. Instead, she went to the media. There was only a lot of shouting by both persons.\" Debjani filed an FIR later in the night.The government is conducting an inquiry into the Bhangar incident, but Mukherjee claimed that so far there was \"no record\" of anyone saying that Arabul had hurled the jug at Debjani. \"Is she a political cadre or a teacher?\" Mukherjee asked.To prove that Debjani is \"ill-tempered\", Mukherjee brought one of her 'tenants' before the media. The tenant, Debashis Ghosh, works in Mukherjee's department.Ghosh alleged that Debjani had been regularly misbehaving with him and his mentally challenged son. \"She even physically assaulted me a number of times. I have medical reports and lodged eight diaries with the police,\" he said.Ghosh alleged that the New Alipore police ignored his complaints. Because of the Debjani's \"threats and misbehaviour\", his son would fear to enter the house, he claimed. \"Sometimes we were forced out of the house,\" alleged Ghosh.Debjani, who looked upset, said it was \"malicious\" to raise such personal issues. \"It is a deliberate ploy. I am being victimised because I protested against a wrongdoing. I want justice,\" she screamed after coming out of Raj Bhavan.She acknowledged that Ghosh was a tenant of her father. \"But why is he complaining now? Naturally, there are some instigators who are trying to silence me but it will be of no use,\" she said, denying that she had harassed Ghosh in any way.Mukherjee, however, defended Arabul to the hilt. Asked if Arabul did the right thing in going to the college, Mukherjee said: \"Of course. He heads the governing body. If he doesn't go, should I?\"The dispute at the college was apparently over election to the West Bengal College and University Teacher's Association (WBCUTA). The college has five seats in the WBCUTA general committee. At the moment, the Left holds three and the Trinamool two. Islam had allegedly issued a \"whip\" asking teachers to vote for Trinamool in all five seats. The teachers protested this. Debjani is a member of WBCUTA, which has a significant Left presence.The day after the alleged assault on Debjani, Panda held a students' public meeting where he warned college teachers \"who were part of the CPM\". But the government seemed to be backing him too. Mukherjee, when asked about Panda's comment, simply said that \"in many cases teachers have gone off the track\".\"If, instead of books, they go to educational institutions with CPM posters, it will be criticized. If doctors, firemen, teachers - those who have responsible work - indulge in political activities then it's not right. Teachers may have political ideologies, but they cannot choose their workplace for politics. It is time for them to think whether they should do it,\" Mukherjee said.However, questions are being asked why Trinamool is carrying on the CPM tradition of keeping political persons as chairpersons of many school and college governing bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904961", "title": "Aadhaar scam: Top UID official in Hyderabad for probe", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as it turns out that most of the 30,000 Aadhaar cards fraudulently processed by a computer operator here have been dispatched to the named individuals, a shaken Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI) on Friday suspended the enrolment of the Aadhaar cards for the physically challenged across the country and dispatched a top official from Mumbai to Hyderabad to jointly probe the scam with the city cops and ascertain whether the scam had wider ramifications including a terror design.Mohammed Ali , an SSC-qualified data entry supervisor working for Infrastructure Leasing &amp; Financial Services Limited (ILFSL), who was nabbed by a city police team in Mumbai on Thursday night, was brought to the city on Friday. ILFSL is one of the eight agencies given the task of Aadhaar card enrolment in the state. Ali, it turns out, had enrolled over 30,000 Aadhaar cards including 800 under the physically disabled quota with fake details.Urging the state government to take serious note of the issue, the IAS officers said that the advocate general or an eminent lawyer should defend the right of the government to take executive decisions. Also to be defended is the right of the government to a judicial scrutiny or validation of such orders before these orders by themselves become a subject or evidence for investigation and prosecution of public servants.\"The principle that all GOs are orders of the government and not acts of individual should be upheld till proven otherwise in a court of law and not in a police station,\" the eight officers said. The replies are to be sent to the Supreme Court by April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12911601", "title": "Woman dies after surgery; doctor, compounder arrested", "text": "KANPUR: A doctor and compounder of a private hospital here were arrested on Saturday after a woman died allegedly due to wrong treatment, police said.According to a police complaint filed by traffic constable Kanchanlal Verma, his wife Shashi got her finger operated by Nirmal Kumar Khedia in the private hospital situated in Birhana road area.After the surgery she felt pain in her hand, following which the compounder Shivnaresh administered an injection to her, the complaint stated. Verma alleged his wife's death, which took place yesterday, was due to the reaction of the injection.However, Khedia claimed Shashi had died due to heart attack and there had been no negligence in her treatment.On Verma's complaint, a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder was registered against the two accused at Pheelkhana police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12902982", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation goes hi-tech to keep tabs on contractors", "text": "MUMBAI: A software, Live Works, used by the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, will now be used by the BMC to track the work of contractors on a real-time basis. The civic body had earlier planned to use the software for the ongoing major and minor road project but was unable to do so. Now, the BMC has decided to use the software for the reinstatement of trenches in all the 24 wards.The civic body decided to use the software after it caught flak for letting contractors run the show. The new software will enable the BMC to keep tabs on errant contractors on a real-time basis.\"The system will have an intelligent compaction system, which will help monitor and control the compaction of road work. There will be censors installed on every compactor for vehicle tracking. As soon as the engine of the vehicle starts, the censors will send signals and images of the vehicle movement on the road,\" said Shantanu Kulkarni, director, Probity Soft-the company which would provide the software to the civic body. \"The software will be used for trench work. Due to a lot of paperwork, we could not start work on the major and minor road project,\" added Kulkarni.The vibratory rollers will be equipped by an in-situ measurement system and feedback control. The software will maintain continuous record of movement of equipment through a colour coded plot. The system will have red, green and yellow lights. These lights will signify how many times a roller has moved over a stretch of road, temperature of the road mixture and the precise location of the roller.\"Usually, the contractors do work halfway. When a roller is supposed to compact the mixture aggregate on the road surface more than 10 times, they leave it midway after just one or two rounds. With the software in place, we would be able to curb such lapses,\" said a senior civic official.The real-time mapping will be controlled by Global Positioning System (GPS), while the relevant data will be displayed on Geographic Information System (GIS) maps. The Live Works software will also track loading and unloading of batches onto the dumper. Officials said this will ensure that the material ready for road construction reaches the location on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12904056", "title": "Uneasy calm prevails on AU Campus", "text": "VARANASI: An uneasy calm prevailed in and around the Allahabad University on Friday after the violence witnessed on Thursday night. The hostlers observed a black day on Friday and also took out a protest march. The university has been closed for two days. To avoid a repeat of Thursday violence, administration has deployed heavy police force in and around the four campuses of AU. Although AU was closed, barring some departments conducting their exams, heavy police force guarded the roads and crossings, especially at Union Hall gate, KPUC gate and the main gate of the varsity.Police officials including SP City SK Yadav patrolled the campus and checked I-Cards of the students came to appear in the examination. The situation on the science campus was also calm as various departments conducted the earlier scheduled exam programme. Vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh held a meeting with officials including Dean Students Welfare, chief proctor, Registrar, finance officer, at his residence. Speaking on the outcome of the meeting, AU PRO Prof PK Sahoo said, \"The exams will be held as per the announced programme but the meeting of the Academic Council (AC), scheduled for April 28, has been deferred. The varsity administration wants to make it clear that the legitimate inmates of all hostels should not panic as AU authorities are there to cater to all their problems and as far as their stay for appearing in competitive exams are considered, a three member committee, will look into the issue and give its recommendations to AU.\"Another committee, comprising all the deans and DSW has been formed which will be in regular dialogue with the students and hostellers and cater to their needs, added the PRO. On Thursday night, when the varsity administration failed to pacify the agitated hostellers and the latter refusing to accept anything short of postponement of the decision of vacating the hostels till June 30, heavy violence was witnessed in and around the Arts campus. When the police took the vice-chancellor safely to his residence, the students became aggressive and police had to resort to teargas to disperse them. Next two hours, there was total lawlessness on the roads and the campus. The hostellers burnt two cars parked at AU and torched a bus. They damaged the glass panes of the house of chief proctor. They also ransacked AU guest house wherein they burnt the sofa kept at the main reception, damaged all the glass panes and earthen pots along with the plastic chairs.They smashed the LCD TV kept at the reception and the entire area was engulfed in heavy smoke. The guests i.e. the faculty members of various institutions which had come to AU for taking exams etc ran along with their belonging. After Thursday incidents, Friday witnessed an uneasy calm at the campus. Shopkeepers were reluctant to open their shops and thus opened the same partially. The hostellers along with student leaders assembled at the Union hall and marched towards the V-C office. Wearing black ribbons in their arms, they stayed at the portico for around an hour and while these agitated protesters were addressing the gathering, police kept a close watch. Later they marched towards district collectorate. Meeting the ADM City, they handed over a memorandum demanding dismissal of the V-C, Prof Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12902880", "title": "Snag delays Metro on HUDA line", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commuters on the HUDA City Centre-Jahangirpuri line faced delays and long waits at stations in the evening on Friday.Amit Aggarwal, a regular commuter, said, \"I was stuck in the train outside Race Course station for over 10 minutes at 7.30pm.\" Commuters complained that the delay resulted in long waits at the station as well.A Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesman said that the delay was caused by a track circuit failure at 6.50pm that was eventually resolved at 7pm.\"The track circuit dropped at 6.50pm between Arjangarh and Gurudronacharya stations. The problem was rectified within 10 minutes. Some trains were delayed near that section due to this,\" said the DMRC official.Commuters, however, complained that the delay was felt till later. \"Since it was peak time, there was a lot of crowd at the stations waiting for the trains,\" said Shilpi Trehan, another passenger who was delayed at Qutub station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12905786", "title": "Road caves in due to leakage in water pipeline", "text": "KANPUR: A major portion of 150 Feet Road in Jajmau caved in early on Friday morning, causing hardships for commuters. Leaking of water pipeline running underneath the road is the cause of the incident. The residents of the area said that pipeline had been leaking for the past 24 hours but nothing was done by the officials concerned to repair it.The caved-in portion is on Jajmau circuit house road. On this road, VIPs move to reach the circuit house. The Friday's incident led to traffic chaos. It is a busy spot. The vehicles were diverted or move in a line slowly to pass through the area. This led to traffic jam in and around the area. A long serpentine queue of vehicles could be seen. The schoolchildren and office-goers were the worst hit.The caved-in portion of the road has been barricaded and the repair work had commenced. The labourers working at the site informed that the leakage in the water pipeline and the road have to be made to facilitate traffic movement.The local corporator said that the roads have become hollowed. Every now and then, one or the other road caves in. \"The entire city has been dug up and after the completion of work the roads are not made. Thus, what remains on the top is the mud that is unable to keep intact and such incidents take place. And if a water pipeline breaks or a leakage develops, then there are chances of the road caving in as it happened in our area,\" he said.Meanwhile, a truck got stuck in the marshy road in the same area early in the morning. It could be taken out with the help of a crane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12902832", "title": "Cartels rigged sugar millbids, pulling prices down", "text": "LUCKNOW: One of the main reasons why sugar mills in UP were sold at throwaway prices was because the whole bidding process appears to have been rigged, with the Mayawati government turning a blind eye to the cartels reportedly formed by one of her favourite businessmen, liquor baron Ponty Chadha, and another controlled by a BSP leader. The CAG has found that 21 sugar mills were sold for a song, leading to a loss of over Rs 1,200 crore to the state exchequer.The two cartels rigged the bidding process with the help of authorities throwing provisions of the Competition Act 2002 to the winds. Though on paper it was shown that several companies took part in the bidding but after going through the profile of the companies one can easily figure out that they were related as their CAG found that two bidders -- Wave Industries Pvt Ltd (WIPL) and the PBS Foods Pvt Ltd (PBSFPL) -- were related companies with a common registered office and common directors and management. Independents companies are invited in an auction to ensure high bids but when companies are related full integrity and competition is not possible because they manipulate the process by keeping bids artificially low with little difference between the bid amounts.The CAG observed that WIPL and PBSFPL had participated in the bidding process. WIPL had control over the PBSFPL management. The demand drafts for tenders were issued by the same bank and were consecutively numbered. The stamp paper bought for execution of power of attorney of both companies had the same address.Further, the stamp paper submitted by both companies for performance guarantees carried the same address and the bank guarantees for both companies were issued from the same bank on the same date and were consecutively numbered. The name of one Trilochan Singh as director was found in both companies. Similarly, names of Bhupinder Singh , Juned Ahmad, Shishir Rawat and Manmeet Singh were found in both companies working in different capacities.According to CAG, PBSFPL had not submitted its shareholding pattern and background of the key promoters as per rules, hence its bid should have been disqualified. The company also did not disclose the material fact that it shared a common director. The CAG report also states that the state authorities failed to take due care and did not exercise due diligence while scrutinising the bid documents despite several apparent indications the documents.The CAG report also pointed out that three other companies formed the second cartel. These companies included Giriso Company Pvt Ltd (GCPL), Namrata Marketing Pvt Ltd (NMPL) and SR Buildcon India Pvt Ltd (SRBIPL). The shareholding pattern obtained from the registrar of companies revealed that the GCPL holds 86.42% shares in NMPL, hence the latter is a subsidiary company of the former.The CAG reports also stated that the correspondence address mentioned by GCPL and NMPL were identical and it is surprising that the state agencies did not notice the fact while writing to the two companies in relation to the bidding process. Further, even the email address and phone numbers of the two companies were same. No steps were taken by the state government agencies to ascertain how the bid prices received were far below the expected price.The CAG also found that one of the sugar mill purchased by a bidder, Trikal Foods and Agro Products Pvt Ltd (TFAPPL), was not handed over to its authorised signatory but to the authorised signatory of NMPL. Further, the special purpose vehicle (SPV) constituted for the bidding process by several companies had common directors. All these factors are confirmation of collusion between authorities and the companies to rig the bidding process.The collusion between authorities and the two cartels resulted in a situation where one of the two got benefit in the transaction. For example, only two bidders -- WIPL and PBSFPL -- were in the race to purchase sugar mills in Bijnore, Bulandshahr and Saharanpur. Significantly, these two companies had common address, directors and bank documents. This means, in reality, there was only one bidder. There was no competition as such between various bidders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12902779", "title": "Juhu flood fears as Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation allows slab on Irla nullah", "text": "MUMBAI: With this year's monsoon not too far away, activists and residents of Juhu are worried over a decision of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) concerning the Irla nullah, which they fear may jeopardize flood control measures in the coming months.The civic body's stormwater drain (SWD) department has granted permissions to a developer to lay a slab over a portion of the Irla nullah in Juhu-Vile Parle. This has been done to allow a private developer to construct a proposed slum rehabilitation (SRA) building along the nullah, allege members of the Gulmohar Residents' Association and Save Open Spaces (SOS) in Juhu.Nullahs occupy a key position in the city's drainage system and help prevent floods by channeling water into the sea from the land. In view of the BMC's decision on the Irla nullah, locals are questioning the seriousness with which the civic body is implementing flood control measures.Documents obtained through a Right to Information (RTI) Act plea reveal that the slab on the nullah will be used as an open space in the proposed SRA building. They also show that the civic body seems to have left the work of developing, de-silting and maintaining the nullah-for proper drainage and flood control-to the developer.TOI has copies of the permissions granted by the BMC's SWD department and relevant RTI documents.When contacted, Ramesh Pawar, assistant commissioner of K-West ward, said: \"I am aware of this issue. We are looking into the matter.\"Incidentally, it is leaent, the BMC has also granted permissions to \"realign\" and \"shift\" the nullah to facilitate construction of the SRA rehabilitation building.\"The developer has been allowed to divert the nullah from its original path while leaving no open access space on the other side,\" said Ashoke Pandit, SOS convener.Residents of the area say the BMC permissions will set a dangerous precedent for building construction on both sides of nullahs without leaving adequate open space for movement of service vehicles, repair work, reconstruction of walls and additional holding area of floodwaters during heavy rainfall.Moreover, it has been pointed out, the civic body has gone against the Chitale committee report's recommendations on having a minimum width of 6 metres on either side of a nullah.The locals' plans to beautify Irla nullah also seem to have hit a roadblock. The BMC had approved a plan to have walking and cycling tracks on either side of the nullah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nedumbassery", "code": "12903988", "title": "Hybrid substation at Cochin International Airport Ltd ready for commissioning", "text": "NEDUMBASSERY: The 110 KV hybrid substation constructed by the Cochin International Airport Ltd (Cial) in front of the approach road to the domestic terminal is set for commissioning.This is the first substation in the state constructed using hybrid technology. Built at a cost of around Rs 22 crore, the substation will cater to the power requirements of Cial and allied organizations for the next 15 to 20 years.According to V Sankar, public relations manager, the hybrid technology employed for the substation is a combination of conventional substation and gas insulated substation.'The substation strikes a balance between cost of land and the construction cost of the facility.The main components of the substation are an imported 'plug and switch system' built by ABB, a well-known Italian firm, costing around Rs 4 crore and two transformers made by Telk, Angamaly, at a cost of Rs 4.2 crore. The substation building comprises a control room and supervisory control and data acquisition system. There will be a back-up facility comprising a diesel-generating set and transformer.Power is supplied to the substation from the Kalamassery-Chalakkudy feeder line. The KSEB has erected 11 towers across two kilometers for this purpose. Cial has paid around Rs 3.5 crore to KSEB for the work. The hybrid substation will be formally inaugurated by power minister Aryadan Mohammed on May 7. Excise minister K Babu will preside over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12904114", "title": "Learn driving even in busiest market areas", "text": "VARANASI: One can learn driving four-wheeler anywhere, even in the busiest markets like Chowk area.It sounds surprising but if the officials of regional transport office (RTO) are to be believed, there are no norms and guidelines for motor driving schools in deciding the area for practical training. According to RTO Mayank Jyoti, there are certain norms for teaching traffic rules and regulation.\"But no particular norm or guidelines are laid down for roads and areas where beginners can learn driving,\" he added.Most of the driving schools are located in Madauli, Bhelupur, Ravindrapuri and Cantonment areas. Chief executive officer, Cantonment Board, RH Awasthi said: \"The Cantonment area is a hub for morning and evening walkers. Driving for learners is not advisable in the area. The Cantonment Board is planning to initiate action against institutions indulging in such practices.\"Residents of Ravindrapuri are worried these days as same practices are taking place in the residential colony.Anita Singh, a housewife, termed it shocking that there is no particular timing for the driving classes, due to which moving on roads of the residential colonies and sending children to play had become risky.Arun Singh, a trainer at a driving school in Cantonment area, revealed that the only restriction on beginners is not to learn driving on highways. According to regional inspector OP Singh, there are norms like area covered by each motor driving school should not be more than 500 square feet, the schools should have dual system vehicles (double clutch and gear) and instructors should hold five years old driving licences.The vehicle should have letter 'L' written on the windscreen.Despite tall claims of the instructors about training and educating beginners about the traffic signals and rules, most of the learners are aware even about some of the most common traffic signs and rules. Govind, a student, who has joined driving classes as a hobby, failed to recognise the parking and no parking signs. Shahzad, another trainee, feels that learning traffic symbols is a waste of time especially when one is driving in Varanasi.As per the records of RTO, four driving schools are registered in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12904312", "title": "Yoga classes for children at Colva", "text": "The Sunshine Club, Colva, will conduct yoga classes for children in the 5-10 age group, from May 1. Classes will be held every Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, from 5pm to 6pm.For details and registration call on 9823090535 or 9823206426.AGM of Chemists &amp; Druggists AssociationThe annual general meeting of the Chemists &amp; Druggists Association, Goa, will be held on April 29 at Alua, Verna, at 11am.Matters concerning wholesalers and retailers will be discussed at the meeting, states a press note issued. For more information contact Lyndon D'Silva (Ph:9823120753).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12904787", "title": "Malls cry foul over", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: The directive issued by traffic police to mall authorities and traders on Ferozepur Road to stop shoppers from parking vehicles on the main road, has surprised them. Majority of them are aghast that cops are trying to wriggle out of performing their duty of clearing the highway of wrongly parked vehicles.Welcoming the directive, Rakesh Rawat, general manager, MBD Neopolis Mall pointed out that implementing it would be a challenging task. ''This can be done by educating customers through announcements and deploying traffic police to supervise parking outside malls.'' He said they had already deputed their security staff to manage parking of vehicles and they guide customers, but some times the latter don't heed them. The policemen would do a better job of handling this. Assistant manager (security) of the mall Bahadur Singh said they are ready to educate and make visitors aware of parking rules, but they have no control on how anyone parks on the highway. That is the duty of traffic wing. They should remove vehicles parked in violation of rules.Project manager of Omaxe mall Varinder Kumar Saini said they have already taken appropriate steps to prevent illegal parking in front of their mall, and have appealed to the public to cooperate with them. He said the shoppers should make it a point to park in the mall, rather than outside.President of Aarti Chowk Market Association Pawan Kumar Puri said they are following the the directions of traffic police, but the authorities should provide alternative parking space for vehicles. He said they are ready to co-operate with the police, but the force should also increase its surveillance on the road.Charanjeet Singh of Ferozepur road, lauded the initiative to decongest Ferozepur road, as residents have a tough time due to rows of vehicles blocking the approach road to their houses. He pointed out that there is hardly any patrolling on this road, and illegal parking is rampant. He said traffic police should speed up their towing campaign to ensure better traffic flow.Tapin Malhotra, a resident of Model Town, said the major reason behind parking on the road is the steep parking fee of malls, and this should be brought down.ACP, traffic, Swapan Sharma said they would try to find solutions to existing problems before starting a campaign against wrong parking, But if the measures do not help, they would be forced to take strict action against violators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12902852", "title": "High court asks ex-cabinet secretary to vacate house by May 30", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Friday declined to set aside the state government's order, cancelling allotment of official residence to former UP cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh in Raj Bhawan Colony. It however, permitted Singh to retain the official residence till May 30, following a humanitarian plea that his house is under repair and it may take about one month to finish it.The court cautioned him that if he does not vacate the house by then, the state government will be at liberty to get the house vacated with the aid of police force. On repeated pleas on behalf of Singh, the court asked the state government not to disturb his peaceful living in the house by then.Justice SN Shukla earlier declined to interfere with the state government's decision to cancel allotment of Singh's official house. Notably, on March 6, when the elections results were declared, Singh got an office memorandum issued, whereby he declared himself to be entitled for occupation of the official residence till March 9, 2013. Later, Singh resigned on March 9. The state government scrutinised the office memorandum and subsequently cancelled the allotment on April 24, issuing notice to Singh on next day to vacate the house within one month.Singh challenged the April 24 order before the HC and his counsel JN Mathur pleaded that the state government cancelled the allotment without observance of the rules in an arbitrary manner. UP advocate general SP Gupta and chief standing counsel IP Signh, strongly contended Singh's submission and said that the office memorandum was issued under the impression of the former cabinet secretary, without having legal sanctity, and as, it had no legal value.The state government also apprised the court that according to November 29, 1980 notification, a retired employee can retain the accommodation for one month and in special circumstances, the state government may grant an additional month. At this, Mathur requested the court to consider that Singh's house is under repair and it would be expedient, that he is given a month's time to shift to his own house. The court asked him to furnish an undertaking that Singh would vacate the house by May 30 midnight.On repeated pleas on behalf of Singh, the court asked the state government not to disturb his peaceful living in the house by then.Justice SN Shukla earlier declined to interfere with the state government's decision to cancel allotment of Singh's official house. Notably, on March 6, when the elections results were declared, Singh got an office memorandum issued, whereby he declared himself to be entitled for occupation of the official residence till March 9, 2013. Later, Singh resigned on March 9. The state government scrutinised the office memorandum and subsequently cancelled the allotment on April 24, issuing notice to Singh on next day to vacate the house within one month.Singh challenged the April 24 order before the HC and his counsel JN Mathur pleaded that the state government cancelled the allotment without observance of the rules in an arbitrary manner. UP advocate general SP Gupta and chief standing counsel IP Signh, strongly contended Singh's submission and said that the office memorandum was issued under the impression of the former cabinet secretary, without having legal sanctity, and as, it had no legal value.The state government also apprised the court that according to November 29, 1980 notification, a retired employee can retain the accommodation for one month and in special circumstances, the state government may grant an additional month.At this, Mathur requested the court to consider that Singh's house is under repair and it would be expedient, that he is given a month's time to shift to his own house.The court asked him to furnish an undertaking that Singh would vacate the house by May 30 midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12905264", "title": "Raichur Thermal Power Station continues to face water crisis", "text": "HUBLI: The four units of Raichur Thermal Power Station (RTPS), which has been shut down since Monday due to the shortage of water in Krishna river, continues to face delay as water released from Narayanpur and Almatti reservoirs is yet to reach the units.According to sources, there has been a delay in water situation because of extensive sand mining along the Krishna basin. It has also been cited that earlier few farmers have been drawing water from the Krishna basin and this has led to drying up of the river.Since water flowing slowly towards RTPS, it will take longer time to fill water in empty places and move forward, sources said.Speaking to the TOI, P Bhaskar, executive director of RTPS, said: \"Water is flowing slowly towards RTPS at a speed of 1 kmph. We are expecting to receive water in the RTPS on Saturday morning. As soon as we get the water, we will start the four units of RTPS.\"Water is expected to reach the RTPS units on Saturday as its 20 kms away from the reach of RTPS units right now, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12902482", "title": "Crackdown on 10 hardened criminals in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: With the city's infamous criminal Chetan Waghmare, detained under Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities (MPDA) Act and sent to the central jail for a year, the same fate looms large over 10 more such criminals from the city. Proposals of using MPDA against the 10 law-breakers are underway by the city police commissionerate, according to senior police officials.After the action against Waghmare under MPDA, the Unit 2 of the city police commissionerate has prepared a similar proposal against four others under the provisions in Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Slumlord, Bootleggers, Drug Offenders and Dangerous Persons Act.Meanwhile, Unit 1 of the city police has also prepared similar proposals against six city criminals. DCP Sahebrao Patil of Unit 1 said, \"In about a month's time, action against at least six criminals from the city are likely and would be taken under MPDA considering the continuous criminal activity and threat they pose to society.\"DCP DS Swami said that procedure is underway to apply MPDA on four more criminals from the Unit 2 jurisdiction of the police commissionerate after the action taken against Waghmare, adding that there had been offences registered against Waghmare.\"Waghmare had cases of property and body offences registered against him, including offences like murder and arson. The accused is also in the dock over terrorising the local community in the Jail Road and Nashik Road area. Hence as per the provisions in the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Slumlord, Bootleggers, Drug Offenders and Dangerous Persons Act, he was detained and has been sent to the central jail for a year.\"\"There are others who would soon face the same action,\" Swami added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12903616", "title": "Tiger loses fight to cow in Valparai", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevailed in Valparai, a tea-growing town on the slopes of Western Ghats near Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu , after a 10-year-old male tiger sneaked into a cowshed in a thickly-populated locality early Friday morning.However, the lone cow in the shed not only resisted the tiger's attack but also severely injured the big cat. Unable to walk, the tiger was confined to the cowshed till late evening, when a veterinarian tranquilized it.Valparai is ringed by forests including the Anamalai Tiger Reserve and frequent attacks by leopards and elephants have been reported from here in the past. However, this is the first time in recent years that a tiger had entered a homestead.The tiger was first seen by R Gnanasekaran, a resident of Periyar Nagar locality in Valaparai, who noticed the animal in his cowshed at around 6.30am. His cow was taking on the tiger that had entered the shed expecting an easy prey. The tiger had killed a calf owned by Gnanasekaran two days ago and left the half-eaten carcass behind. Forest officials said the animal may have returned to retrieve the kill. Angry at not finding the carcass, the tiger attacked the cow, which, however, fought back. The big cat sustained gashes in its thigh and abdomen whereas the cow suffered only minor injuries.Gnanasekaran had thought the calf was killed by a leopard, common in the area, and buried the carcass. Forest officials have since confirmed that the tiger that appeared on Friday morning had killed the calf two days earlier.Though the tiger couldn't move, its periodic growls and snarls left the crowd that had gathered at Gnansekaran's house guessing whether the animal would attack. Forest officials led by Manampally range officer Arokiaraj Xavier and Valparai range officer Krishnaswami had a tough time controlling the rush of people to watch the tiger. At noon, they tried to trap the tiger in a net and shift it to a cage. That, however, failed.The wait lasted until forest veterinary assistant surgeon Dr N Kalaivanan arrived from Mudumalai Wildlife Sanctuary in the Nilgiris by 6.30pm. Though Valaparai is prone to frequent attacks by wild animals, veterinarians with expertise in the use of tranquilizers were not available in the town or in neighbouring areas. By sunset , Kalaivanan tranquilized the tiger and the animal was shifted to a cage after treating it for the injuries. Forest officials will keep the cat in captivity in Manampally forest range office under the observation of Kalaivanan until it recovers from the injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12914340", "title": "Four Garo National Liberation Army rebels arrested with arms", "text": "GUWAHATI: Following a tip off, the operations wing of city police, along with Meghalaya Police, succeeded in nabbing four suspected Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) outfit members from the Gorchuk area on Saturday.Police identified them as Dapblin S Sangma (53), Swit Star G Momin (35), Salgra G Momin (21), Alichum Sangtam (26).Police have found one AK47 rifle with two magazines and 231 rounds of AK ammunition, one X33 ( glock ) gun made in Austria, two magazines, 20 rounds of RA55 ammunition and seized a vehicle too from the group .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12905874", "title": "Brides refuse to marry unsuitable grooms", "text": "KANPUR: Three incidents of brides refusing to marry unsuitable grooms have been reported in Ramabai Nagar district since Wednesday.Sandhya refused to marry her drunk groom Manish of Mungisapur who had to return home humiliated and crestfallen. According to reports, Manish was rejected by Sandhya at the last moment when he landed up in a drunken state. The bride threatened to commit suicide, when the family members forcibly tried to pacify her over the issue.\"What hurt the bride was that Manish started abusing the girl's family members during the marriage rituals in a drunken state,\" said a relative. In the second case, which took place on Wednesday night, Soni daughter of Ram Babu of Bigahi village in Akbarpur refused to marry Nikku of Bara Khanpana village after finding him dark complexioned.The groom's family was confused and shocked over the developments.According to reports, later, a villager, Ram Babu, who was a guest at the wedding came forward and proposed the rejected groom to marry his daughter Lakshmi. After a `panchayat', the groom's family agreed and the wedding was solemnized in the afternoon on Thursday, a senior police officer said.In yet another incident reported from Karausa village in Akbarpur on Thursday night, Soni, daughter of Kamlesh refused to marry Shri Krishna, son of Hira Lal of Hazaripurwa after she found that the groom was not fit for her. She told about it to her father Kamlesh and other family members.\"She simply walked away from the 'jaimal' ceremony,\" said a relative. Facing an awkward situation, the groom's family proposed the girl to see Sri Krishna's younger brother Vijay to which she agreed and decided to marry him after interacting with him before the wedding.\"I did not find the boy upto the mark, I simply refused to marry him because it was a matter of life for me,\" Soni, who has no regret over her decision, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12904520", "title": "For social service, students from 17 schools join hands", "text": "PANCHKULA: From discussing socio-economic issues during inter-school conferences, students are now shifting their focus towards grooming themselves as responsible human beings of the society. For this a group of students from nearly 17 schools from across India and Oman visited the old age home in Panchkula as part of the three-day Round Square Senior Regional Conference on \"Serve And Find\" going on at Lawrence School, Sanawar.These students, all from classes X, XI and XII, brought for them flowers, fruits and a wall clock and took away a rich experience and a sense of satisfaction.Priyanshu Ranjan Gupta, a Class XI student from The Indian School, Oman, said, \"I realized the importance of our parents and took an oath that we will serve our parents forever and will spread the same message all around.\"Utsav Mehra, Class X student of Scindia Boys College, Gwalior, said, \"It was my first experience and I was surprised to see well-educated people and people belonging to rich families have been left alone to live. It was disheartening, but I have decided to visit such places more often.\"Vikramjeet Singh, Class XI student from Lawrence School, Sanawar, said, \"It was great to interact with elderly. I feel youth should come out and work for spreading awareness so that no one leaves their parents alone in times when their support is the only thing parents need.\"Deveshish Mehta, a Class XI student of Lawrence School said, \"It was great feeling to see them smile because of you. It really meant a lot.\"The conference that started on Wednesday at The Lawrence School has a participation of nearly 120 students from 17 schools, who have been divided into six groups- Helping Hands, Philanthropists, Givers, Contributors, Angels and Kar Sevaks. All groups on Thursday went to different places to offer social service. Where some went to cancer hospital in Shimla others visited an orphanage in Subhatu, Environmental Kasauli, Shimla Ashram and Leprosarium in Mandudhar.Some of the participating schools include All Saints College, Nainital; Bangalore International School; MGD School, Jaipur; MNSS Rai, Pathways World School, Gurgaon; PPS Nabha; Sanskar Valley School, Bhopal; Scindia Boys College, Gwalior; Assam Valley School, Assam; The Daly College, Indore; The Doon School, Dehradun; The Indian School, Oman; Vidya Devi Jindal School, Hisar and Vivek High School, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12903033", "title": "Mall to Metro: Take zip ride on eco feeder riks", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the bus cluster scheme moving at a snail's pace, one of the concessionaires, Star Bus, is looking at branching out into the Metro feeder services. Its sister subsidiary, Green Wheels, will launch 25 battery-operated vehicles on Saturday. Branded G-Riks, these eco-friendly vehicles will charge Rs 10 per passenger.They will initially travel between the Malviya Nagar Metro station and Select Citywalk Mall in Saket. The company plans to ramp up the fleet strength over the next few months.Launched by chief minister Sheila Dikshit, these battery-powered, pollution-free vehicles are expected to circulate at several other Metro stations soon. Ajay Singh of Angentum group, the promoters of both Star Bus and Green Wheels, said, \"We plan to pump Rs 100 crore into the project over the next 15 months. Five thousand of these eco-friendly vehicles will be put on roads during that period.\" The vehicles, which will come up in clusters, will cover 2km in each cluster, providing last-mile connectivity. Next on the cluster list is Delhi University, Gurgaon and other locations, said Singh.\"These vehicles don't need a permit, and are safe traveling options,\" he added. Both vehicle and driver shall be provided and trained by the group. The seating capacity of the vehicle is two, in addition to the driver.As these are electric vehicles, charging stations will also be set up at strategic locations along the cluster route, said Singh.For instance, in the first cluster running between the Malviya Nagar Metro station and Select City Mall in Saket, the station will be set up in Saket. \"While the Delhi Metro network has expanded really fast, it has also highlighted the need for an efficient feeder service for commuters. This step will hopefully address the issue of last-mile connectivity, which has become a sore point with commuters,\" Singh said. The three-wheeler G-Rik was developed after extensive research and development by Green Wheels for over two years and has been fully customized to adapt to Indian conditions. Incidentally, Star Bus is the concessionaire for the first bus cluster launched in May 2011. At present, Delhi Metro runs feeder service as well on certain routes. This is besides the para-transit options like Gramin Sewa and autorickshaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12903610", "title": "Credit card scam kingpin arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: The city-based alleged kingpin of a gang that cloned credit cards of several people abroad and stole lakhs of rupees was arrested in Bangalore on Thursday and brought here on Friday.R Manoj Kumar (37), for whom a lookout notice had been issued by the central crime branch (CCB), was arrested by immigration officials when he landed in Bangalore from Malaysia . A CCB team led by inspector G Dillibabu then brought him here. He was remanded in judicial custody.Police said Manoj Kumar, first booked for running a brothel in the city in 2002, later developed contacts with Umesh alias Shorty, a Sri Lankan who is now in jail for various credit card-related frauds, and struck out on his own.Manoj Kumar's racket was busted on October 23, 2011, and three people, including Manoj's brother Hemanth Kumar, were arrested but Manoj managed to escape. The gang had cloned about 22 credit cards and purchased goods worth Rs 14 lakh, police said.He was arrested twice by the CCB police in 2007 and 2010 for credit card frauds. Cases were registered against him in Bangalore and Hyderabad for credit card frauds. He was detained under Goondas Act in 2009.The gang would intercept packages containing credit cards sent by banks, steal data using sophisticated gadgets and clone cards. Two delivery boys of a courier firm would inform one of the gang members, Balaji of Moolakadai, whenever they got a card for delivery and hand it over to him. Balaji would then use the data to create duplicate cards. The delivery boys were paid Rs 1,000 for every card diverted.The crime came to light when a customer complained to the bank that he received a bill even before his new credit card arrived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12910366", "title": "The style diaries: Yatan Ahluwalia", "text": "Style guru Yatan Ahluwalia from Bombay gets talking about fashion, men's grooming and the many aspects of styling.. .With a sharp eye for detail and a natural flair for fashion, a 14-year old Yatan Ahluwalia took his first step into the grooming world by writing fashion for newspapers. At an age where most youngsters were living carefree days, Yatan discovered where his true calling lies. By 16, he was writing his own columns and attending fashion shows around the city.Originally from Punjab, Yatan - India's leading image, grooming consultant and director of Y&E; Style Media Pvt Ltd, was recently in the city for a makeover for the Apollo group of hospitals. Ask him about how the process of image makeovers work, especially for corporates and companies and he explains. \"I try to understand the brand first. These are different people from different socio-economic backgrounds so, I have to keep several factors in mind before getting to the actual deal,\" says Yatan. So what is the first thing that he notices when he sees someone? \"Oh, I am extremely strange sometimes. I notice the most unusual things in a person,\" says Yatan with a sly grin. \"There might be a million aspects to one person but I might notice just the socks!\". The style expert has been flying down to Chennai for more than 7 years now and believes that the city is emerging in terms of style. \"Tradition is very important down south and I believe that gives Chennai a very promising future.\"We ask Yatan what is the most appropriate clothing that one has to choose while coming to work and he explains that comfort should be your first priority. \"Corporate companies are usually very strict about their workwear and I would only suggest that you wear something that you are comfortable in,\" says Yatan. \"With regard to accessories remember the golden rule- Less is always more!\" Switching to the topic of men grooming themselves, Yatan points out that men are usually left alone in matters of style. \"The concept of men grooming themselves is almost non-existent. Some men don't even think of using a deodarant! So, that needs to change.\"Changing phaseAn individual is manned by his emotions and securities and sometimes, your image has a lot to do with that. Many people are weighed down by their insecurities, with regard to their looks and body shape. People who have weight issues are generally very conscious about their looks, pulling down their self esteem and confidence. Yatan believes that having an image overhaul can do wonders to your self esteem and confidence. \"I ask my people to not worry about their weight. Be yourself. And feel healthy!\" says Yatan. He also mentions that a mere compliment, \"You look good today\" would do wonders to your self esteem.Penning it downYatan is currently working on 3 books which would focus on men's grooming, men's fashion and women's make up. Excited about his literary ventures, Yatan recalls how he has his first fashion photoshoot at the age of 16. \"I work with real people. I still work with real people. At the age of 14, I was given the encouragement nobody would have imagined.\"Yatan's obsessions\"Oh I have 8 dogs at my farm house. And 3 cows and I not ashamed to say that I milk my own cows,\" grins Yatan. \"My farmhouse would be my obsession, definitely!\". Another thing Yatan collects are Tanjore paintings. \"Whenever I come down to Chennai, I make sure I buy one!\" says Yatan.Describe Yatan\"Neurotic, over compulsive perfectionist, maybe?\" grins Yatan.Grub-scene\"I love natural food. I grow my own food at home - organic 100 per cent,\" says Yatan. \"I try to stick to that while I'm travelling.\"rehna.k@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nizamabad/visakhapatnam", "code": "12904843", "title": "Netas, officials told not to tour remote Naxal-hit areas", "text": "NIZAMABAD/VISAKHAPATNAM: Top police officials warned IAS officers, government officials and public representatives against undertaking tours to interior areas and villages in north Telangana. The decision comes in the wake of the killing of cop Kuda Appanna in Paderu by Maoists.District officials and public representatives, who were actively participating in Prajapatham were asked to avoid touring interior villages, especially in Maoist-infested areas. District SP V Ravinder asked Karimnagar district collector Smitha Sabharwal to cancel her tour to naxalite-affected areas, police sources said. She was also asked not to tour Mahadevpur, Kataram, Manthani and other extremist-hit mandals.The Adilabad police also warned the public representatives and senior officials against visiting the interior areas fearing surprise ambushes from the rebels. Though the Maoist activity in Adilabad district had come down after the encounter killing of central committee leader Cherukuri Raj Kumar alias Azad in Wankidi forests on July1, 2010, the party has been trying to regroup its cadres by contacting sympathizers and former naxalites. Assistant SP of Utnoor Ambar Kishore Jha confirmed the movement of Maoists in the district and said the police department has intensified surveillance in the Maoist-infested areas to avert any untoward incidents.Speaking to TOI, Adilabad SP Sarvasresta Tripati said combing operations are regularly taken up in the border areas to prevent infiltration of Maoists into the district. Though the police have succeeded in controlling Naxal movement in the state, Warangal, Karimnagar and Adilabad districts continue to witness sporadic incidents of Maoist violence.Meanwhile, ten armed Maoists and 30 members of its militia attacked a weekly market at Pedavalasa on Friday afternoon. They torched thatched roofs, destroyed country made liquor and thrashed the liquor traders in front of the tribals.Locals of Paderu observed bandh in the mandal headquarters in protest against the brutal killing of the constable. Intelligence chief M Mahender Reddy, Visakha range DIG Soumya Misra, SIB DIG V C Sajjanar and rural SP G Srinivas paid tributes to the constable at Paderu. A large number of police personnel and relatives took part in funeral procession before the body was sent to his native place of Darela for last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12903932", "title": "Wildlife sanctuaries to get eco-friendly guides", "text": "KOCHI: Ten wildlife sanctuaries in the state will soon have naturalists who can act as 'responsible guides'. The ecotourism department has sanctioned three lakh rupees to Kerala Institute of Tourism and Travel Studies (Kitts) to start a naturalist/interpreter course. Forest department will also be involved in this programme. The minimum eligibility is SSLC.Minister for tourism A P Anil Kumar inaugurated the course on Friday. \"Kitts is a premier institute for the tourism department and it hasn't been able to offer many courses last year. The department is ready to give them enough support for any new initiative,\" the minister told TOI. This year 35 people have been selected for the pilot course and the list includes seven women.The two-month course will begin at Kitts' study centre in Ernakulam. Experts will train students in communication skills, etiquette, behaviour skills, photography and first aid. Field visits will also be organized.Kitss professor Saroop Roy B R said the course will have five batches this year. The next batch will begin on May 31. \"Our aim is to generate at least 115 naturalists (in the level of a biologist knowledgeable about natural history). We are working on similar courses aimed at skill development and promotion of responsible tourism and ecotourism,\" said Roy.Kitss will soon bring out a handbook on wildlife sanctuaries. Details like maps, flora and fauna, accommodation facilities in and around the sanctuaries will be included in the handbook. The guidebook will also entail details about Neyyar, Periyar, Shenduruny, Eravikulam, Wayanad, Thattekkad, Mankulam, Athirappilly and Vazhachal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12904537", "title": "Leading hospitals aim to open medical colleges", "text": "HYDERABAD: The biggest private hospitals in the city are queuing up to start medical colleges. Almost all the premier private hospital chains like Yashoda, Image, Care, Kamineni and KIMS have applied to the medical education department for approval to set up medical colleges.In the meantime, biggies like the Apollo Group and Narayana Hrudayalaya are all set to roll out MBBS programmes from this academic year at their campuses in Jubilee Hills and Jeedimetla, respectively, adding 400 seats to the medical education pool in the state.The recent spate of applications by these hospitals was triggered by the Medical Council of India's 2010 decision enabling entry of private players in the field of medical education. Before that, it was only state governments, universities and registered societies and public, religious/charitable trusts which had sanction to set up medical colleges.Further, for cities like Hyderabad, land requirement for setting up of medical colleges was reduced to a built-up area of 10 acres as against the previous 20 acres. This presented an added incentive to private hospitals to roll out their own MBBS programmes.While Kamineni Group has applied for two colleges - in Hyderabad and in Krishna district - Image Hospitals plans to start a school in Medak. A college in Medchal is what KIMS has planned with Yashoda Group zeroing in on Rangareddy district for their medical education facility.But a possible deterrent has presented itself in the form of non-availability of land especially for those corporate players who want to set up medical colleges in the state capital.\"There is a tremendous opportunity here. Both experts and high-end technology are available along with a huge patient base,\" said Dr Bhasker Rao of KIMS. However, he said that it would require an investment of nearly Rs 100 crore to set up a college with the project likely to breakeven only after a decade.Narayana Hrudayalaya CEO M Radhakrishna said that along with the scope for revenue generation medical colleges also serve a very social purpose of creating more doctors.There are 36 medical colleges in the state including 22 private ones. It turns out that former chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy had imposed a ban on new medical colleges which was only lifted last year after pressure from various quarters.That that should have happened is not surprising considering it is not just the corporate hospitals but also politicians, real estate and liquor barons who have discovered in medical colleges a likely investment avenue. Thus, Nirmal MLA Maheshwar Reddy, Serilingampally MLA Bhikshapathy Yadav and Kurnool MLC SV Mohan Reddy are learnt to have shown an interest in being part of the drive to open private medical colleges.But observers are worried at how almost half these applicants are for projects that are limited to Hyderabad, Rangareddy and Medak. \"It will serve no purpose for the colleges to be restricted within a small circumference. They should be distributed across the state,\" said the former director of medical education, Dr AY Chary.Chary said that although 10-12 medical colleges have come up in the city and surrounding districts, there is still a huge shortage of doctors. He also called for proper infrastructure and a good patient base for these proposed medical colleges to bear fruit.\"Starting a medical college should not be superfluous. The attitude that land and money are enough to start a college is not the right one,\" Chary said.However, Dr Vasanth Prasad, the present director of medical education said that NOCs were being issued only after a meticulous selection process. Of the 20 inspections conducted this year, just one hospital, in Kurnool, was deemed suitable for clearance.He estimated that, as per the demand, there is need for another 10-20 medical colleges in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12904175", "title": "Soon, Dharwad to be an e-district", "text": "DHARWAD: If the bureaucrat heading the district administration is tech savvy and determined to deliver, then he can do wonders. The district here saw the ambitious project of the state government-Karnataka State Wide Area Network (KSWAN) being successfully implemented here with the due initiative of deputy commissioner Darpan Jain.A post graduate from IIT, Jain has ensured that all the departments are linked to the district administration and the district headquarters are directly linked to Bangalore. The state officials can directly see the progress and status of any scheme or document through a dedicated line. Dharwad district will soon be an e-district with all the information and documents being available at the click of the mouse.Speaking to the TOI on Friday, Jain said that maintaining the revenue documents and social welfare in a proper manner is a cumbersome process and tracing the documents is a Herculean task. \"Lack of proper arrangement to maintain the document comes in the way of quick delivery of goods. To bring in accountability and reduce the cumbersome process, the State Government as part of the National e-governance project launched the Karnataka State Wide Area Network (KSWAN)\" Jain said.The district administration acts as a nodal office under KSWAN. The project has helped improve the G to G (government to government) functionary and G to C (government to citizen) functionary. Apart from data, even voice files (video conferencing) can also be transferred. A KSWAN van is also linked under the project. This van is equipped with the dedicated line wherein the information and situation prevailing in the remotest village could be watched live by the State officials. So far, the Dharwad has been a front runner in adopting this project and has tagged Nemmadi Kendra, Forest and health departments and Bhoomi works among others.A state data centre is located in Bangalore and all the e-documents pertaining to every department is procured here. Any designated officer at any given time can go through the documents and check the status, Jain explained. The Government Business Centre (GBC) is established on the ground floor of the district administration in Dharwad. The centre is equipped with all facilities like computer, internet and others. The taluk-level departments which do not have access to computer have to come to this centre for e-documentation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12905035", "title": "Tikku murder case: Palande\u2019s cop relative likely to be booked", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are likely to charge suspended inspector Sanjay Shinde for allegedly helping Vijay Palande, the main accused in the Arunkumar Tikku murder, escape custody on April 10.Shinde, who is a relative of Palande , was suspended along with constable Amol Deshpande on Monday by police chief Arup Patnaik for their suspected role in Palande's escape. Patnaik also recommended the two cops' dismissal and urged that they be booked. A few days later, an internal inquiry, conducted by assistant police commissioner Arvind Mahabadi, indicted Shinde for being \"negligent\".A senior police officer told TOI on Friday: \"We are collecting more evidence against Shinde and examining all legal angles before we take action against him.\"Sources added that if Shinde is charged, it would be in the case of Palande fleeing custody. The police have already booked stockbroker Gautam Vora under sections 224 and 225 (resistance or obstruction to lawful apprehension) of the Indian Penal Code for allegedly aiding Palande after his escape.After his arrest from Satara, Palande was being ferried in a police vehicle to the crime branch's Telli Galli office on April 10. A little distance before the building , the vehicle got stuck in a traffic snarl and Deshpande, who was sitting on one side of Palande, got down to clear the jam. Using the opportunity, Palande jumped out of the vehicle and ran off. Shinde, who was sitting on the other side of Palande, reportedly did nothing . Shinde told the inquiry that he did not realize Palande had slipped away.Apart from suspending Shinde and Deshpande, Patnaik had sent a letter to the crime branch top brass, directing them to take measures to restore the department's \"credibility\" . In the letter, Patnaik had mentioned an old incident where Shinde's role was considered suspect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12904099", "title": "BHU, St George University to collaborate in genetic research", "text": "VARANASI: A delegation of St George University, London, comprising Michael Patton, an expert in medical genetics and Ajith Sreekantan Nair, post doctoral research assistant in medical genetics called on BHU vice-chancellor Lalji Singh on Friday. The aim of the visit is to widen scope of exchange in the field of research and academics between the two universities.The possibility of starting joint masters programme in the field of genetic counselling, clinical counselling, DNA-based forensic studies and PhD programme were explored in the meeting. The BHU V-C suggested that ICMR, New Delhi, British Medical Research Council and DST may be approached for funding the projects. Ajith Nair said that once the joint masters programme is started, the BHU students can go to UK to use the advance research facilities in the field of clinical research, neurological disorder, genetic counselling and DNA-based forensic science.It may be recalled that the Indian and British governments have identified the two universities for academic collaboration. The negotiation was initiated by Sean Hilton, pro-vice-chancellor, St George University during his visit to BHU in March, 2009.After several round of negotiations, BHU and St George University have agreed to work on a project related to genetic studies of neurological disorder. Under the project, Institute of Medical Sciences, Genome Foundation and St George University will work together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12902799", "title": "Man awarded 5 year jail term for \u2018killing\u2019 heart patient", "text": "NAGPUR: Think twice before picking up a fight with a heart patient, especially if the person has gone under the scalpel. The sessions court recently awarded a prison term of five years and fine of Rs 5,000 to a man held guilty of punching a heart patient in his fifties in the chest leading to his death. The deceased, Bhawrauji Thote, had undergone angioplasty some time before the incident.District and additional sessions judge GT Kadri held 50-year-old Maroti Sakharwade guilty while acquitting his wife Meerabai, elder brother Sevdas, nephew Tejram and another Suresh Kale. They had been accused of culpable homicide not amounting to murder in a case at Aaroli police station last year.Thote's son Rameshwar and Sakharwade's daughter were married around three years ago. There had been regular domestic feuds between the couple, but the situation worsened after she was not allowed to go to a friend's marriage. The Sakharwades had come to the Thote residence at Ijani in Mouda tehsil to sort out the issue, but it snowballed into a quarrel.Thote collapsed after being hit on the chest by Maroti and others from Sakharwade family. Thote's wife Rukmabai was also present during the quarrel. Police had initially charged Maroti and others with murder and rioting. The court framed charges under culpable homicide.Additional public prosecutor Vijay Kolhe said the court observed that the Sakharwades knew of Thote's ailment but did not have any intention of killing him. \"The medical practitioners played a crucial role in the case. The cardiac specialist who had conducted the angioplasty on the deceased deposed about the risk such patients always face. The forensic expert also said that the victim had suffered a vasovagal attack during the fight, which caused his death,\" said Kolhe.He added that the court's verdict revolved around the fact that the death was more due to negligent behaviour out of a provocation, and not a planned one. The court examined 11 witnesses, said Kolhe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12905833", "title": "3 commit suicide in different cases", "text": "KANPUR: Three persons including a 22-year-old housewife committed suicide during the past twenty-four hours in the district.A 22-year-old woman identified as Geeta Singh wife of Pramod Singh, a resident of D block Panki allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself under the Panki police station here on late Thursday night.Geeta's family members were shocked after they saw her body hanging from the ceiling of her room in the house. She, however, did not left a suicide note, said the police.Police officials at the Panki police station stated, \"On Friday morning, when other house inmates went to check her in her room, it was found to be locked from inside. When she did not answer to their repeated knocks on the door, they informed the police. Later, the door was broke open and Geeta was found hanging from the ceiling.\"The police later sent the body to mortuary.Similarly, dejected over his prolonged illness, a 24-year-old youth identified as Shiv Kumar son of Raja Ram , a resident of Kundan nagar allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself under the Bidhnoo police station, here on late Thursday night.The police said, no suicide note was recovered from him but the family members attributed his prolonged illness to be the cause for his extreme step.\"The victim's kin told us that Shiv Kumar was depressed and was not interacting much with anyone since past few days. He took the extreme step as he was reeling under some kind of chronic chest ailment,\" an official at the Bidhnoo police station said.The police after conducting preliminary investigations later sent the body for post-mortem examination.Elsewhere, a 23-year-old youth Fazle Alam son of Sirajuddin allegedly ended his life by hanging himself here on late Thursday night under the Chakeri police station. According to reports, the victim was a resident of Tad Bagiya in Jajmau Chakeri.According to police, the body of the deceased was found hanging in the room of his house by his parents early on Friday morning.The police further added, \"No suicide note was, however, recovered from his room\".The police after conducting preliminary investigations later sent the body for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12903892", "title": "'Women's writing still in state of flux'", "text": "PATNA: Noted Hindi writer Mridula Garg on Friday said that women's writing in Hindi should not be discussed separately as both women and men stand on the same platform of Hindi literature today.Speaking as the chief guest at the inaugural function of a two-day UGC-sponsored national seminar on 'Contemporary Hindi Literature and Women's Writing' jointly organized by the Hindi department of Sri Arvind Mahila College and the Bihar Rashtrabhasha Parishad at Premchand Rangshala auditorium here, she admitted that women's writing is still in a state of flux and is yet to develop into a multi-linear and sophisticated form. As emphasis shifts from discourse-oriented novels to those depicting reality in all its intricacy, contradiction, dilemma and confusion, women's writing is still to come into its own, she said.Garg observed that India is an extremely complicated reality and the status of women is always a crucial question. \"On the one hand, we have successful women in every sphere of life, on the other hand, we still continue to have the horror of female foeticide. The gap between haves and have-nots has widened considerably in the post-globalization period. Scores of women writers have written important novels in Hindi wherein they have addressed important political and social issues, she added.Inaugurating the seminar, state information and public relations department (IPRD) minister Brishen Patel said that Hindi writers have been depicting the changing socio-economic and political scenario quite brilliantly now-a-days. He said that literature can go a long way in minimizing the existing gap between the rich and the poor. Retired bureaucrat and litterateur Jiya Lal Arya presided.At the outset, college principal Asha Singh welcomed the participants. A galaxy of Hindi writers, including Usha Kiran Khan, Rita Sinha, Harish Pathak, Ramdhari Singh Diwakar, Balendushekhar, Rajesh Jain and Manisha Jha, participated in the deliberations.Noted writer Urmila Shirish, in her keynote address, observed that there has been revolutionary changes in women's thinking in recent times which are well reflected in their writings. Today, women's writings have invaded practically all the aspects of modern life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12903040", "title": "Complete pending projects of solid waste management soon: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that investors who have invested for development of various infrastructure facilities in the state on public private partnership (PPP) basis should be given all facilities so that all development works could be completed. He was reviewing various schemes of nine departments being developed on PP basis on Friday.The chief minister directed the officials that apart from the roads which are being developed on PPP basis, other roads should also be developed on the basis of this model through UP Expressways Industrial Development Authority ( UPIDA) and UP State Highways Authority.Directing the urban development department, the chief minister said that the pending schemes of solid waste management in the state should be completed at the earliest, because their early completion will benefit the people besides improving the environment. He also asked the officials of the energy department to complete all schemes as early as possible without causing any inconvenience to the investors.Asking the concerning officials to expedite the construction of international cricket stadium in Lucknow, Akhilesh said this project should be completed in time-bound manner. After making inspection of the two models of the proposed JP International Convention Centre, he said that another model of this project should also be presented to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12903871", "title": "Drive to clear city roads", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Friday launched a drive to streamline traffic by evicting makeshift shops and unauthorized commercial establishments on city roads.On the first day, police carried out evictions in front of Big Bazaar shopping mall at Kharavelnagar.Under fire for the nagging traffic jams in city, police on Friday launched an eviction drive by clearing makeshift shops and unauthorized commercial establishments that were cluttering major space of public roads.On day one, the evictions were carried out in front of Big Bazaar shopping mall in Kharavelnagar area. It coincided with traders of Indradhanu Market staging a demonstration in front of the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) office in protest against an eviction drive in Nayapally area on Thursday.\"The roadside vendors are the biggest traffic problem in the city. They have set up shop on roadsides and no-parking zones. We were receiving regular complaints from people, passing through the Big Bazaar area,\" a senior police officer said.Apart from clearing encroachments, police cracked the whip on vehicle owners for parking cars and bikes in a no-parking zone near the mall.The displaced vendors and vehicle owners accused of being biased against them. \"Police target us because we are small vendors. There are hundreds of shops and hotels built illegally on government land. We hardly see any action against them. The men in uniform are lenient towards the big fishes,\" a vendor said, requesting anonymity.Residents found little meaning on such eviction drives, saying the squatters would be back on the same place within the next few days. \"Such evictions are carried once in a blue moon. Despite the crackdowns by police and civic authorities, there is little respite from the traffic jams. We face the real challenge in evening when vehicles are parked in large numbers in no-parking zones,\" Sudipta Mohanty, a citizen of Unit-III area said.Police passed the buck to the civic bodies for encroachment and parking blues in the city. \"The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) should conduct regular raids on unauthorized shops. The BDA should take on the sopping malls for violations of parking norms,\" a police officer said.BMC mayor A N Jena said: \"We are working in coordination with police and BDA to remove encroachments from the city. But our staff face stiff opposition from traders during eviction drives.\"BDA vice-chairman D K Singh said: \"We are taking steps against encroachers, but mobs attack our squads whenever we acted tough on them.\"On Thursday, the BDA's eviction squad faced a raw deal from traders of Indradhanu Market in Nayapally. The mob allegedly pelted stones at the squad, damaged a bulldozer and scared away the BDA personnel. As police were getting ready to resume the drive on Friday, the fumed vendors laid siege of the office for house together and threatened to intensify the agitation.\"The government should first rehabilitate the traders. Adequate vending zones should come up for the poor vendors,\" Anjan Nath, secretary of Khyudra Byabasai Mahasangha, a local traders' outfit.Meanwhile, to address the parking woes on Janpath, the state government recently proposed to set up two multi-level parking lots near Master Canteen and Rajmahal Square in the city. With three floors each, the proposed parking lots can accommodate 300 light vehicles, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "ranchi/hazaribag", "code": "12903997", "title": "'Amrapali project will boost Central Coalfields Limited production'", "text": "RANCHI/HAZARIBAG: Union minister of coal, Sriprakash Jaiswal expressed confidence in Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) for achieving its target this financial year, at a review meeting on Friday.Jaiswal was on a daylong visit to Jharkhand to conduct the meeting. He said once the Amrapali project starts, the company would be able to attain production target easily. One of the important subsidiaries of Coal India Limited , CCL managed to mine 48.01 MT coal in 2011-12.Jaiswal said production had been partially low because of the lack of transportation facilities and talks were on with the railway ministry for construction of Tori-Shivpur tracks.\"CCL has handed over its share of funds to the railways in 2004,\" he said.Jaiswal inaugurated a grievance redress cell at the CCL headquarters, Darbhanga House, to address problems of coal mine workers, CCL employees and retired staff besides the company customers. He felicitated mine workers and officials for their good performance in the respective fields.Blaming the state government for coal pilferage and poor law and order situation leading to Maoist interference in mining work, Jaiswal said the CIL was not in a position to deploy forces in its mines spread across thousands of kilometres in the state. \"It is up to the state administration to create a conducive environment so that coal theft, illegal mining activities could be avoided,\" he said.Earlier, he visited Hazaribag to attend a marriage ceremony. Addressing the media, he lashed out at the BJP for its double speaks ahead of Rajya Sabha (RS) election. \"After proposing Anshuman Mishra for the RS, the BJP opened the gates for horse trading,\" he said, pointing fingers at the party for changing their stand every now and then. \"This time when fresh notification was issued for the election, initially the BJP maintained that it would not field any candidate but later changed its mind overnight for giving ticket to outgoing RS member S S Ahluwalia,\" he said.While referring to the acute shortage of fuel coal used for domestic purposes in Jharkhand, he again held the state government responsible. \"The state never asked the Centre for providing coal to meet the domestic requirements here. If the state writes to Centre for providing coal to open depots in the districts Centre will surely consider the proposal,\" he assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12905760", "title": "Congress corporator\u2019s son killed by rivals", "text": "KANPUR: A 38-year-old son of a Congress corporator, who was shot at and critically injured on Thursday night near Tezab Mill compound in Raipurwa, succumbed to wounds while undergoing treatment at a private hospital here on Friday.Raju Bhattacharya was a railway contractor and used to reside in Tezab Mill colony campus with his mother Maya Bhattacharya, a Congress corporator from ward No. 47 and brother Viplav.He had gone to Rakhi Mandi area and was on his way back home with his friend Tony on a two-wheeler. They were allegedly waylaid by Manohar Shukla and two others at around 9pm near the gates of Tezab Mill Colony. After a heated argument, Manohar whipped out a gun and fired a couple of shots on Raju from point-blank range leaving him critically wounded.The assailants fled on a two-wheeler.Hearing gunshot sound, the residents rushed to the spot and found Raju lying in a pool of blood. Tony, who escaped unhurt, apprised Raju's family members about the incident. His brother Viplav reached the spot and admitted the injured man to Regency Hospital .Station officer, Raipurwa, Akhilesh Gaur visited the scene of the crime and the hospital where Raju was admitted. He succumbed during the wee hours of Friday, police said.Police suspect the assailants might have used two firearms in committing the offence. Investigations were underway to ascertain the persons and motive behind the killing, police said.Police sources said that the reason behind the murder may be one-upmanship.\"The accused, who also claims to be the sibling of an SOG in charge posted in the district recently, had unleashed a reign of terror in Tezab Mill Colony area through his henchmen. My brother had countered Manohar on several occasions over the issue and his murder was its fallout,\" said Viplav.None of the accused named in the FIR were arrested till reports last came in. Teams have been formed to trace Manohar and other accomplices, DIG Amitabh Yash said. Security had been beefed up in Tezab Mill campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-28"}
