{"city": "nashik", "code": "17700766", "title": "Lawyer held for fraud", "text": "NASHIK: A city court on Wednesday remanded lawyer Chanmal Motilal Bora in two-day police custody in connection with a 2008 fraud case.In the fraud case of February 5, 2008, Bora along with seven others had forged a general power of attorney and development agreement, pertaining to a plot, opposite Bali Mandir on the Mumbai-Agra highway. The plot, measuring over 4,500 sq m and worth Rs 8.40l akh is owned by Chandbai Bafna.Bafna had lodged a criminal complaint against one Jitendra Pamnani and his family, along with Bora and three other government officials.According to reports, Bora had moved an application for bail at the sessions court as well as the Bombay high court which was rejected. Bora surrendered before a court on Wednesday. He was produced in the court of first class judicial magistrate N V Kharkar and remanded in two-day police custody for further investigation. Meanwhile, five from the Pamnani family have been arrested. While four have been released on bail, one is lodged in jail. The other accused in the case are still at large, informed the Sarkarwada police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17700002", "title": "Maharashtra promises more action against unfit school buses", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra government said on Thursday that new rules have been framed last year to reduce school bus accidents and to protect innocent lives, and assured strict action against offenders. This was mentioned by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in a written reply on a calling attention motion by Shobhatai Fadnavis in the council. She questioned the measures taken by the state, citing a recent incident with a school bus of Narayana Vidyalayam, which had put lives of many children at risk.The MLC informed that brakes of that school bus failed at Mate Square and students were forced to jump from the moving bus, putting their lives at risk. It was only after parents lodged a complaint at Pratap Nagar police station that the bus was seized by RTO.She claimed that despite many complaints by parents, the school management has failed to improve the situation and all its five buses were in a bad condition. Even an enquiry by RTO officials found her claims that buses were poorly maintained to be true. Citing Nagpur police, she informed that from January to November, the city witnessed six major accidents involving school buses, which led to two deaths and many students injured.In his reply, the CM said that Maharashtra Motor Vehicle (School Bus Regulation) Rules 2011 were framed by the government and schools were asked to follow them. The rules make it mandatory for every school to constitute a committee including school management and parents' representatives. At district level, another committee will be formed to conduct seminars and awareness campaigns. In the past year, of 353 schools in Nagpur, 70 constituted committees and conducted 140 meetings.Minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar further said that various drives were conducted in state from April 1, 2011, to March 31, 2012, where 11,351 school buses were inspected and 2,444 were found to be unsuitable for plying. The owners were imposed fined of Rs25.13 lakh along with taxes of Rs35.22 lakh. Around 130 bus permits were also cancelled. In November, the government had inspected 3,771 buses and 749 were found unsuitable for ferrying students, he said.The minister said a special drive was conducted by RTO officials in Nagpur to check buses last year. Some 233 buses were found unfit and a fine of Rs3.5 lakh was recovered from the owners. From April to November 2012, 191 bus owners were fined and penalty to the tune of Rs12.89 lakh was recovered.Earlier, deputy chairman Vasant Daokhare also raised a question on the working of RTOs, stating that he had complained to Thane office in a case of forged signatures on license, but no action was taken till date. \"The RTO thinks they are more powerful than the government,\" he remarked. On this, Deokar promised to ensure strict action.(Inputs from Laskhmi Dwivedi and Deeksha Raut)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17701554", "title": "FPS dealers protest cash transfer scheme", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Dealers of fair price shops (FPS) and members of Visakhapatnam District Fair Price Shop Dealers' Welfare Association staged a dharna at the collectorate on Thursday to protest the government's apathy towards their demand to withdraw the Direct Cash Transfer Scheme (DCTS) set to be launched in 51 select districts across the country from January 1, 2013.Shouting slogans against All India Congress Committee (AICC) chief Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , around 1,000 FPS dealers across the district participated in the protest along with their family members. They also took out a rally from the Gandhi statue at GVMC office to the collectorate.The dealers demanded that all government schemes be implemented through FPS and salaries be given to them on the lines of Tamil Nadu. They sought cancellation of DCTS wherein the subsidy amount would go directly into the bank accounts of the beneficiaries.Addressing the gathering, association president P Chitti Raju said that as many as 40,000 people eke out a living from 480 FPS in the district including 380 in Vizag city alone. Makina Prasad, general secretary of the association, threatened to intensity the stir if the government failed to address their demand by December 31.However, countering their charges, a senior Congress leader said that the UPA government had decided to launch the scheme to plug the leak in distribution of subsidies. \"Some ration shop dealers are diverting the subsidised grains, kerosene and even soaps to the open market to make a quick buck. Such illegal activities would be checked once DCTS is introduced,\" he said.Meanwhile, a TDP leader felt that though the scheme was good, it may not produce the desired results as the beneficiaries are likely to squander away the money on other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17701034", "title": "Shriprakash Jaiswal seeks upgrading of FM Rainbow\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Kanpur station", "text": "KANPUR: Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal has written to the Information and Broadcasting Ministry seeking upgrading of the Kanpur station of FM Rainbow channel.In his letter to I&B; minister Manish Tewari, Jaiswal has requested for installation of a 10 kilowatt (kw) transmitter for the station to enable better quality of service, a statement issued by the minister said. Jaiswal, who is also Member of Parliament from Kanpur, pointed out that the 1 kw transmitter which the station relies upon at present is proving to be inadequate, with listeners complaining of poor audio quality.A statement issued by the Jaiswal says that the three private FM stations in the city were using 10 kW transmitters to reach out over the airwaves while Rainbow FM, with its 1 kW transmitter, was barely audible on radio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17700300", "title": "Ex-cop dies in accidental firing", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A retired police officer was killed on Thursday afternoon when his licensed revolver accidentally went off at his house in Georgetown. Hearing the gunshot, the family members staying rushed to the room where they found the victim lying in a pool of blood.As per reports, Dhirendra Tiwari, 68, retired as inspector in the state police.The bullet hit him on the chest after which he fell down. His family members rushed him to a hospital where the doctors pronounced him dead, said station officer Georgetown.He added that the victim used to keep a licensed revolver loaded in his possession. The police sent the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17700829", "title": "Sex crimes: Schools to get complaint boxes", "text": "MADURAI: Close on the heels of Madurai district, government schools in Sivaganga are also set to have complaint boxes, to check sexual harassment of girl students by teachers.Mounting incidence of students being molested by teachers had prompted the education authorities to install complaint boxes in all the government schools in Madurai two months back. Now, the Sivaganga district authorities have also followed suit after two teachers from Government Higher Secondary in Anumanthakudi village near Devakottai were accused of sexually harassing the students.A case has been registered against school teachers Vedamanickam and Seeniraj under the Juvenile Justice Care and Protection of Children Act and Women Harassment Act. Incidentally, the case was registered only on December 15, though the incident took place a year ago. One of the accused, Vedamanickam has managed to get an anticipatory bail, while Seeniraj is on the run.A S Radhakrishnan, chief educational officer (CEO), Sivaganga said that all 258 schools in the district have been instructed to install complaint boxes.\"The headmasters should open and check the complaint boxes every week and take appropriate action against the erring teachers. If there is any allegation against the headmaster, he should submit the complaint box key to senior teachers. There will be two complaint boxes in each school. One will be installed in the prominent place of a school, whereas one will be installed near students' toilet so that they could discretely drop the complaint letters,\" said the CEO.Vedamanickam, allegedly molested Rani (name changed), a class 11 student, when she along with others, were taken on tour to Kanyakumari and Kerala in September 2011. The girl gave an oral complaint to headmaster Arumugaperumal immediately after their return. But he just warned the teacher not to continue the act and buried the incident, a police officer said.The incident resurfaced two months back when Vedamanickam committed forgery to escape from action. Police said that Rani went on a long leave sparking rumours that she was absenting from the school due to Vedamanickam's abuse. Fearing that the issue might snowball, Vedamanickam prepared a letter as if it was written by Rani and circulated among the villagers, school teachers and to the headmaster saying that Vedamanickam was innocent. The letter said that the allegations against the teacher were false and that she made the complaint under pressure from few teachers. Vedamanickam also sent a copy to the chief minister's cell.In fact, it was only then that many in the school came to know that such a complaint was made by Rani. As the bogus letter created a flutter among teachers and villagers, Rani was inquired once again when she denied writing such a letter. However, she now preferred another written complaint to the headmaster against Vedamanickam.During the inquiry, Vedamanickam spilled the beans and exposed that Seeniraj, another teacher, was also sexually abusing the students. P Paulraj, district child welfare officer, probed the complaints and found them to be true and lodged a police complaint. Vedamanickam has been suspended by the district education department and action against Seeniraj are awaited, the CEO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17702177", "title": "Plus II exams from March 1", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Plus II examination conducted by the Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) will start from March 1. CHSE controller of examinations Jasobanta Behera said theory papers will be over by March 23 while practicals will be held between March 25 and March 30.Behera said filling up of application forms for the examination by students will start from January 2. The process, which ordinarily is completed in October-November, got delayed due to strike by CHSE employees. The examination fee ranges from Rs 520 to Rs 600 depending on the number of practical subjects a student opts for, Behera said.He said students will fill up their details in the designated form (3G) offline in their respective colleges and deposit the requisite fees at the college cash counter. The colleges will upload the information online as per the prescribed format given in the e-space software at college level between January 2 and January 8, he said.The colleges will enter the registration number issued by CHSE to the particular candidate. Once the registration number is entered, the name, father's name, mother's name of the student and subjects offered will appear on the computer screen. Colleges will compare the information with the application form submitted by the candidate to crosscheck, Behera said.In case of any discrepancies, the same should be reported to the controller of examination over phone/fax for necessary clarification or orders in writing for follow up action. The colleges will then upload the recent passport size colour photograph in the required box and enter the grade awarded to students in environmental education, yoga and basic computer education (BCE).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17700082", "title": "Korgao mining case: Crime branch quizzes two officials", "text": "PANAJI: The crime branch on Thursday questioned two officers from the directorate of mines and geology in connection with an alleged illegal mining case at Korgao village in Pernem.In October, the crime branch registered the first information report (FIR) against Congress leader Jitendra Deshprabhu and four officials of the directorate of mines and geology in connection with missing files from the department and the destruction of evidence in the alleged illegal mining case.The crime branch has already recorded statements of more than 60 persons, including the main accused Deshprabhu, government officials and contractor Gitesh Naik in the alleged multi-crore mining scam.Directorate of mines and geology director Prasanna Acharya lodged a complaint at the crime branch about the illegal extraction of 2 lakh tonnes of ore and causing a loss of 50 crore to the state exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17702813", "title": "Still 'No Entry' for Bazmee in Salman's life", "text": "With three films locked for next year, the actor has no room for his former friend who has been waiting for six years to shoot the sequel to No EntryWanted in 2009, Dabangg in 2010, Bodyguard in 2011 and Ek Tha Tiger in 2012 - Salman Khan has successfully ruled the box office during Eid for many years. And the actor is in no mood to relinquish his rights over the festive occasion, fifth year in a row.In fact, he has already started planning for Eid 2013. Salman and brother Sohail have locked in the festive weekend for their project Radhe . It has now emerged that Salman will play a military officer in the film, and may need to shed all that excess flab he has accumulated over the past few months.With this, one gets a clearer picture of Salman's slate for 2013: Radhe followed by Sajid Nadiadwala's Kick and Sooraj Barjatya's next. \"That's all he is doing in 2013. He cannot possibly do more,\" a friend of Salman said. If that is indeed the case, it is evident that Salman has, once again, cold shouldered (former?) friends Anees Bazmee and Boney Kapoor who have been waiting for him to greenlight the sequel to No Entry which released in 2005 for years now. And that may be because Salman is yet to forgive Bazmee, who had walked out of Ready while shooting in Bangkok thanks to major disagreements with the star.Bazmee, once the master of sequels and the busiest filmmaker in town, has often reiterated that No Entry Mein Entry , the sequel to the 2005 hit is his priority. \"I am waiting to get Salman Khan's dates for this film. The film will, in all probability, go on floors in early 2013,\" the filmmaker recently told a section of the media.Things seemed to have fallen in place when in the last quarter of 2012 Bipasha Basu and Celina Jaitley were signed on for the sequel, apart from Anil Kapoor and Fardeen Khan. But with Salman refusing to even as much as mention the film in his interviews, producer Boney and Bazmee's hopes have been sinking.To rub salt on sore wounds, on Wednesday at Rajat Rawail's 10th wedding anniversary bash at The Club (Andheri West), we spotted several guests teasing Bazmee and Boney, asking them if the much-in-demand actor will ever do their film. At which Boney was heard replying, \"Karega, karega, lekin pata nahin kab.\"Among others who heard the note of desperate optimism in his voice, were Anil Kapoor, Sanjay Kapoor and David Dhawan. Boney's optimism was not shared by Bazmee, who sounded as though he had surrendered to the inevitable. When contacted, Bazmee said, \"I just don't know what's happening.\"When asked what is likely to keep him busy in 2013, he sighed: \"I have no clue. Boney has flown to Dubai. When he returns, we shall discuss what we have to do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17700874", "title": "Nashik health department to seek dismissal of five absent doctors", "text": "NASHIK: The health department of the district is preparing to write to the state health secretary seeking dismissal of five doctors who have not reported for duty for months. The process would pave the way to recruit others in their place.A report on the five doctors has been prepared containing the history of the doctors who were given regular appointments, but have been absent. They have not attended their offices and have not informed higher-ups about their absence. Besides they have not been responding to any letters. \"The report will be sent to the health secretary who has the authority to dismiss the medical officers from the primary health centres,\" said district health officer VM Kulkarni.However, he declined to reveal the names of the doctors. Kulkarni said the absconding doctors and others going on leave have prevented the ZP from implementing central and state health programmes.\"There is staff of nearly 250 doctors at various levels for 104 primary health centres (PHC) in the district. With two medical officers catering to every PHC - ideally, 208 medical officers, their heads and those handling particular issue leaves the department with no spare medical officers,\" a senior official from the DHO said.He pointed out that there were doctors who went on casual leave, long leave and maternity leave, forcing the office to rely on temporary appointments by the office of the deputy director of health services.In 2012, five medical officers were announced as absent, another three medical officers going on leave without information, while there are at least six women medical officers who are on maternity leaves. The DHO is left with the strength that is 10% short.A group of 27 medical officers were recruited through Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL). Some have attended office for single day and have not been traceable for many months. \"The process of declaring them as absconding is lengthy. Since the state government through a GR, curtailed powers of Chief Executive Officers of Zilla Parishads of taking action against medical officers, the procedure has only become lengthier,\" an official said.The DHO has been had infused with temporary medical officers, but in 2012, 14 of them either left their jobs or have not informed the office. \"Since these are not permanent posts, people are available, but no one is sure how long he will take the responsibility and hence programmes are affected. Once a medical officer goes missing, it takes at least a week's time to arrange for the replacement,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17700662", "title": "Fog hits flight, train services in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the winter fog enveloping the city and other parts of northeast, flight and train operations in the region have been hit over the past week. While several trains are running behind schedule since the beginning of December, flight operations at Guwahati and Imphal have been affected due to the fog.Officials at the Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International (LGBI) Airport here said between 15 and 20 flights, both outgoing and incoming, were affected every day in the city during the past week.Officials said apart from Guwahati, outgoing flights to Imphal in Manipur have been severely hit due to fog in the morning hours. \"Normally, to operate a flight, visibility of up to 1200 metre from the point where the flight is standing is a must. But the fog has reduced visibility to 200 metre at the LGBI airport.On Thursday, our first flight from Delhi was scheduled to arrive at LGBI at 7.45 in the morning, but due to fog, it could land in Guwahati only at 10.10am,\" said Rajib Medhi, manager of Indigo Airlines at the city airport. He added two outgoing Indigo flights to Imphal have been running late as well. \"Over the past week, our two daily flights from Guwahati are failing to reach Imphal on time,\" Medhi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700253", "title": "Five-star hotel assault case: Chargesheet against Saif Ali Khan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Colaba police on Thursday filed a chargesheet against actor Saif Ali Khan and two of his associates for assaulting a South African businessman and his father-in-law at a south Bombay five-star hotel earlier this year. Saif and the other accused-businessman Shakeel Ladak and producer Bilal Amrohi-were present in the 8th Metropolitan Magistrate court when the police submitted the 120-page chargesheet, which will soon be handed over to the three.Investigating officer S Vaval declined to divulge the details of the chargesheet as the matter is sub-judice. But a source said the police filed it under sections 325 (assault) read with 34 (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC. The chargesheet reportedly states that Saif and his friends punched Raman Patel and his businessman son-in-law, Iqbal Meer Sharma, fracturing the latter's nose. The police have also submitted medical reports and the CCTV images of the brawl. A total of 29 witnesses have reportedly said they had seen Saif and his friends hit and manhandle Sharma. Now it has to be seen whether these witnesses will stand in the court of law during the trial or will turn hostile as most of the witnesses are known to both the parties.But Saif claimed he had merely retaliated to Sharma's punches and alleged that the businessman had passed comments at him. \"Whoever might have been in the wrong, we have made the case strong and we will see that it reaches its logical end,\" said ACP Shivaji Kolekar.The case dates back to February 22 when Saif, along with Kareena, Karisma, Malaika Arora Khan, Amrita Arora and some male friends, went to Taj. At the same place were complainant Sharma with his family. According to the police, when Sharma asked Saif's table to be quiet, the actor asked him to go to the library. if he needed silence.Later, Sharma's family finally decided to change tables and while doing so,Saif allegedly threatened him. In his complaint, Sharma stated that Saif fractured his nose and his father-in-law was also hit.He used abusive language and when the argument furthered, Saif punched me and fractured my nose,\" Sharma had stated in his complaint. When Sharma's father-in-law tried to intervene, he too was assaulted and he fell to the ground, said a source, adding that around that moment, Ladak and Amrohi also punched Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699605", "title": "Jagan turns 40 today; Vijayamma may take over Sharmila's padayatra", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as YSR Congress president YS Jaganmohan Reddy will spend his 40th birthday in Chanchalguda Jail on Friday, his party is firming up another yatra plan. And in all likelihood, his mother and party's honorary president Y S Vijayalakashmi would undertake a bus yatra to take forward her daughter Sharmila's padayatra which has been put on hold due to an injury in her leg.While party activists are scheduled to organise various programmes such as blood donation camps across the state to mark Jagan's birthday, his family members including his daughters are expected to meet him in the jail. And during the mulaqat, Jagan is likely to ask his mother to launch the bus yatra in order to keep up the tempo built by Sharmila's padayatra, said party sources.Doctors at Apollo Hospital, where Sharmila underwent a keyhole surgery for ligament tear in her right leg two days ago, said she needed at least six weeks and were not sure whether she would be fit enough to resume the walkathon thereafter. \"She needs bed rest for at least six weeks for the injury to heal. Only the medical tests conducted thereafter will be able to reveal whether she could resume padayatra,\" said an orthopedic surgeon at Apollo Hospital.As a result, senior leaders are prevailing upon Jagan to look for an alternative plan. \"Even before Sharmila started her padayatra, the option of Vijayamma embarking on the bus yatra was under consideration as it was Jagan who wanted to undertake the walkathon as per the original plan. Now, after Sharmila's injury, we may have to request Vijayamma to take over. This would be discussed in the meeting of the party political affairs committee (PAC) to be convened shortly,\" said a YSR Congress leader.The PAC has to decide on the party's participation in the all-party meeting convened by Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on December 28 to discuss the Telangana issue. And it would be discussed while the committee deliberates on the plans for preparing the party for the next elections. However, he said it was up to Jagan to take the final call, and the party president would take stock of the situation when his family members meet him in the jail on Friday.But party MP from Nellore, Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy, said he was still expecting Jagan to take over the padayatra, as he hoped that his leader would come out of jail soon.\"Sharmila's padayatra was just a stop-gap arrangement as Jagan did not get bail in October. They cannot keep him in jail permanently. Jagan will come out and take over the padayatra. I hope it will happen before the party has to ponder whether Sharmila can resume the padayatra or not,\" Mekapati said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17701680", "title": "Small scale industries in Belgaum struggling for survival", "text": "BELGAUM: Multiple blows like inflation, shortage of raw material and increased loan interest rate have taken a toll on small scale industries in Belgaum.According to the district industries centre sources, there are around 12,000 small scale units in the district while over 6,000 are in Belgaum city and outskirts. Most of the units are engaged in manufacturing engineering machine works.\"It's like a recession period for small scale units as their economical conditions went from bad to worse and the owners are struggling to run units,\" Basavaraj Javali, president of Belgaum small scale industries association, said.According to Javali, some of the reasons for units turning into non-profitable are increase in commercial tax from 12.50% to 14.50%, besides hike in the bank rate of interest by the union government. Besides, increased transport cost due to hike in petroleum prices and hike in salary and wage scale are also contributing rise in operating costs.\"Salary and wages are approximately doubled in the past couple of years. This apart, the ban on iron ore mining in the state also led to shortage of raw material and rise in cost,\" he added.The damage of agriculture yield due to drought this year also hit small units indirectly, as money flow in the market by farmers declined remarkably. This has affected the sale of vehicles and various household products.The downfall of sale has led to reducing orders from big companies for parts of machineries. According to Javali, most of the businesses depend on the investment of farmers in the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17702157", "title": "Candlelight protest in Ganjam against Delhi gang rape case", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Women activists of the BJD's Ganjam district unit on Thursday took out a candle light procession in the town condemning the sensational gang rape of a woman in New Delhi earlier this week.Women activists of the party led by Mamata Bisoi, the president of the women wing of the BJD's district unit marched from Old Bus Stand area to the Mahatma Gandhi statue at Gandhi Nagar. They shouted slogans and demanded the resignation of the Congress government in New Delhi.In a brief meeting, local leaders of the regional party described the incident as heinous. \"Women are not safe in the Congress regime at the national capital. The Congress government in Delhi should resign on moral ground,\" Bisoi demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17700151", "title": "HC: GCZMA to decide on festivals in CRZ areas", "text": "PANAJI: Disposing a public interest litigation fearing holding of Sunburn and two other music festivals in CRZ areas, the high court of Bombay at Goa has directed Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) to ensure that no activity prohibited under costal regulation zone (CRZ), 2011, is permitted.A division bench comprising justice AP Lavande and justice UV Bakre observed, \"In the event the state level permission committee (SLPC) decides to grant permission to the three organizers mentioned in the petition, the decision as to whether the activity undertaken is in compliance with CRZ, 2011 will be taken by GCZMA, who shall ensure that no activity prohibited under CRZ, 2011 is permitted while granting permission to the organizers.\"The plea was filed by Alexio Pereira of Majorda against the tourism director, GCZMA, SLPC and the Union forest and environment secretary. Pereira had sought a direction to the respondents not to issue licenses to music festivals \"Live From the Console-Goa-2012\" at Colva beach, \"Windsong Christmas Carnival Goa\" at Baga beach, and \" Sunburn festival\" at Candolim beach.During the case's hearing, state advocate general ANS Nadkarni argued that the petition was premature as \"permissions are not yet granted to the applicants to conduct the events\". He contended that there cannot be an injunction against the government restraining them from not granting any permissions.The court noted that the SLPC is entitled to look into and take decisions on all the other aspects except as to whether the erection of temporary structures sought by any applicant is in compliance with CRZ, 2011.The court stated that applications, if any filed by organizers referred to by Pereira, have to be considered by GCZMA to ensure that the activity proposed to be undertaken is in consonance with CRZ, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700805", "title": "Development plan for old city yet to be approved", "text": "PUNE: An approval for the development plan (DP) for old city areas is still on hold with corporators across party lines yet to reach a consensus.In October, the City Improvement Committee (CIC) of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) approved the DP for a duration of 20 years (2007-2027) with special provisions for a Pune metro rail project, a transport hub, expansion of main roads, schemes for housing for the poor and cluster development of old dilapidated wadas.The PMC general body (GB) has been sitting on the proposal since October. \"A majority of the corporators want to suggest changes in the DP as per their requirements. If all suggestions are incorporated, it will be difficult to maintain the well-planned structure of the DP. However, efforts are on to reach a consensus,\" said a senior PMC official.The earlier DP for the old city areas was drafted in 1982, which was passed in 1987 and which expired in 1997. However, a 10-year extension was granted since only 20% of the works were complete.In 2007, the civic body sought yet another extension from the state government, which gave a new deadline of December 2010. But it was only in December 2011 that the civic administration completed and submitted the draft copy of the new DP to the CIC. This is the first DP in 25 years after 1987.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17702130", "title": "46 passengers fined for spitting on stations", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As many as 46 passengers were fined for spitting on the Bhubaneswar railway station premises and other stations under the jurisdiction of East Coast Railway (ECoR) in the last four days. The enforcement squad collected fine of Rs 3,790 from them, sources said.\"We started the drive on December 16. The fine amount ranged between Rs 30 and Rs 100,\" an ECoR officer said. Fine of Rs 100 was collected at 'A-1 Class' stations like Bhubaneswar, Puri and Visakhapatnam; Rs 50 at 'A Class' stations like Bhadrak, Berhampur, Cuttack, Jajpur-Keonjhar Road, Khurda Road, Palasa, Rayagada, Srikakulam Road, Vizianagaram and Sambalpur; and Rs 30 was charged at rest of the stations under the East Coast Railway jurisdiction.All station managers have been asked to maintain cleanliness at station premises. They would be accountable for stations found unclean, an official release said. As per the rule, throwing or deposit of litter in any occupied and unoccupied area on the railway premises is strictly prohibited. Nobody should cook, bathe, spit, urinate, defecate, feed animals or birds, repair or wash vehicles, wash utensils or clothes on the station premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17701937", "title": "Man stabbed to death over old dispute", "text": "LUDHIANA: A man in his early 30s, who worked in a lottery shop at Ambedkar Nagar was stabbed to death on Wednesday night owing to an old rivalry with his assailants, who were from the same area. Police have registered a case against the accused, who are at large.According to police sources, Amit Kumar alias Ginda worked in a lottery shop close to his house in Ambedkar Nagar and he had a dispute with two people living in the next street.The accused, identified as Manjeet Singh alias Mani and Ajay Kumar alias Raju went to the lottery shop where Amit worked and stabbed him, leaving him seriously injured. Amit, who was stabbed in the chest, head and even underarms was profusely bleeding. He was rushed to a private hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.\"We have registered a case against the accused who are at large. We are conducting raids to nab the accused and this will be done soon,\" Model Town SHO Davinder Chaudhry said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17702254", "title": "Teachers to be trained in English", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has chalked out a comprehensive plan to improve the standard of English teaching in upper primary and secondary schools, said minister for school and mass education Rabi Narayan Nanda in the assembly on Thursday.Replying to questions, the minister said the government would train at least 50 teachers from each district at English Language Teaching Institute in Bhubaneswar, whose service would be utilized in the district for English language teaching. These resource persons in turn will train other teachers in their respective districts to achieve the necessary multiplier-effect. However, training would be imparted in phases, the minister said and added that the government also plans to set up similar English language teaching institutes at Sambalpur, Baripada, Berhampur and Jeypore.The minister said all such attempts aimed to improve the quality of teaching and research in English language and also make teaching in school on par with the English medium schools in the state.Replying to a debate on vacancies in schools, the minister said about 49,000 teachers' post at present lying vacant in different primary schools in the state will be filled up in a phased manner. Nanda said the state government in the first phase conducted recruitment for appointment of 17,000 sikhya sahayaks at primary schools. In the next phase, the government would recruit 20,000 more teachers and the remaining vacant posts would be filled up in subsequent phases, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699065", "title": "Engg student dies in road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: An engineering final-year student, who was returning home after a birthday party, died after he rammed his Honda City into a parked lorry near JNTU Crossroads late on Wednesday night.After attending a birthday party in Jubilee Hills, 21-year-old Akhil of Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Technology (CBIT) along with his friend Navya was returning to Vivekananda colony, Kukatpally, when the incident happened around 2 am, the KPHB police said. \"As they were nearing JNTU Crossroads, Akhil lost control over the wheel and rammed his car into a stone-laden lorry parked on the road. Akhil was immediately shifted to a local private hospital, where he succumbed while undergoing treatment at around 6 am,\" KPHB sub-inspector P Anjaneyulu told TOI.Police said Navya, also a B Tech student, escaped with minor injuries, but was said to be in a state of shock. \"We are yet to quiz Navya as her family members informed us that she is not in a position to speak due to the shock,\" the officer said.However, police said the car was travelling at high speed at the time of the accident. Akhil died after suffering multiple injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17704734", "title": "Delhi gang rape: Protests outside Rashtrapati Bhavan", "text": "NEW DELHI: A large number of women activists and students today marched towards Rashtrapati Bhavan to protest against the gang rape of a young girl in a moving bus and demand stringent action against rapists.The protesters under the aegis of AIDWA, YWCA and JNUSU among others started their march from Rajpath and as they reached Vijay Chowk, they went past the barricades erected at the entrance of Raisina Hills and moved towards Rashtrapati Bhavan and South and North Blocks.Police stopped the protesters near Rashtrapati Bhavan. Carrying placards and shouting slogans, the protesters demanded stringent punishment for rapists.Two days ago in a similar protest, around 200 people had gathered near North Block. They dispersed only after home minister Sushilkumar Shinde agreed to meet a delegation of JNUSU students.A girl identified as Swati managed to go near the Rashtrapati Bhavan but was escorted back later.\"They say we need permission to enter there. Why do we need permission? When we are attacked and harassed, nobody needs any permission. We are here to raise our voices and for that we need permission,\" she said.The protesters at Raisina Hills later marched towards India Gate.A group of people also staged protest outside Safdarjung Hospital and blocked traffic for sometime.The protesters demanded speedy justice for the victim.Meanwhile, Delhi Police detained the fifth accused in connection with the heinous incident in a late night raid on Thursday. The police detained the fifth accused, named Raju, in Badaun, Uttar Pradesh.\"The fifth accused has been arrested in the rape case. His age is being verified before giving details. If minor, we have to hold back his particulars as per law,\" Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar said on Twitter.With this, five persons have been arrested in the Sunday night incident which sparked widespread outrage across the country.Sources said the fifth accused was arrested from Badaun in Uttar Pradesh even as there were reports that the sixth accused has been picked from Bareilly. However, police is yet to confirm it.Yesterday, one of the four accused in the case was \"identified\" by the victim's friend during a Test Identification Parade (TIP) at Tihar Jail here.The 23-year-old victim's male friend, an engineer in a software company, identified Mukesh during TIP, a senior police official said.Out of the four accused, only Mukesh had agreed to TIP when he was produced before a court here. Other accused - Ram Singh, Pawan and Vinay - had refused to undergo TIP.According to the official, the positive identification of Mukesh by the friend, who was also beaten up by thegang before the men allegedly raped the girl, is a shot in the arm of the prosecution as it would help them nail the other culprits.Police have invoked the stringent charges of attempt to murder and destruction of evidence against the accused.Investigators had earlier pressed charges against them under sections 365 (kidnapping or abducting), 376 (2)(g) (gang rape), 377 (unnatural offences), 394 (hurting in committing robbery) and 34 (common intention) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700313", "title": "E-meters must in Mumbai from March 1: Maharashtra govt", "text": "MUMBAI: No auto and taxi with mechanical meters would be allowed to ply in Mumbai from March 1, 2013, the state government told the Bombay high court on Thursday.In a note submitted to a division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Amjad Sayed, which is hearing the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat's PIL challenging the auto/taxi fare hike, the government stated that they were proposing to bring forward the dates for conversion of mechanical meters into electronic devices. The earlier deadline approved by court was March 31, 2013 for autos and April 30, 2013 for taxis. The state, however, said efforts would be made to complete the process by February. Lawyers, however, said it remained to be seen if the state stuck to the deadline.The government's assurance came even as the HC directed it to complete the recalibration of auto and taxi meters as per the new fares in Mumbai by January 15, 2013. \"There is no justification to extend the deadline,\" said the judges, on a request by the state to extend the deadline to January 31.Advocate Uday Warunjikar, counsel for MGP, said after the court rap to the transport department, only around 13,000 auto meters had been updated. \"If there is sufficient administrative will and desire to initiate action, recalibration can be expedited. We expect the government to complete the process by January 15,\" said the bench.Last week, the government said it had only three centres to recalibrate the meters and so around 60,000 autos and 16,000 taxis were yet to be updated. Assistant government pleader S S Shinde said the state would set up two more centres by December 29.The PIL had urged the court to quash the Hakim Committee report and allow for fare hikes only after all autos and taxis converted to electronic meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17701763", "title": "There was a quiet dignity to Saab", "text": "Leslie Claudius' home was located on Mcleod Street, one of the many serpentine lanes in central Calcutta. But finding it was not too difficult. If you asked around for Leslie-saab in what was once an Anglo-Indian neighbourhood but is now predominantly Muslim, you were sure to be directed to his secondfloor apartment in a building that had seen better days.My first attempt in June 2011 to meet the man who had represented India in four Olympics and won four medals was unsuccessful. On reaching his home at the appointed hour Claudius' son, Brandon, told me that his father was not in. The 84-year-old Claudius had gone all the way to the airport to receive a friend. The next morning I was at his home to jog his memory about his long and illustrious career.What was supposed to be a short interview stretched for well over an hour as a dapper Claudius was more than happy to go over the story of his life beginning with his childhood days in Bilaspur where his father worked in the Bengal Nagpur Railways (BNR). \"Besides gillidanda and marbles my first love was football,\" he said.Claudius even played for the BNR football team in the 1945 IFA Shield. But fate had other things in store. In 1946 while he was watching a practice match in Kharagpur, the BNR captain and a member of the 1936 Indian Olympic team, Dickie Carr, asked Claudius to pick up a hockey stick. Claudius, who had never played hockey before, did so and thus began his love affair with hockey.Claudius was chosen to play for BNR, a premier team in those days with a number of former Olympians, in the 1946 Beighton Cup. \"The entire team was composed of Anglo-Indian players. We reached the final but lost to the Port Commissioners,\" he recalled. He switched to Port Commissioners in 1947 and his performance in the Aga Khan Tournament in Bombay caught the attention of the Bobby Talyarkhan, the great sports writer and commentator. Claudius was called for the selection trials for the 1948 London Games. Despite being unable to play because of a broken finger, he was selected for the Indian team, just two years after he began playing hockey.So many decades later Claudius could still recall the excitement of making it to the team: \"Though I was selected, I was a little doubtful about going to the Games. When we finally left for London, I told Pat Jensen (a fellow player from Bengal), 'We are on our way, pal. Nobody can stop us now'.\"The rest as they say in history. The India team won a gold in the 1948 Games though Claudius wasn't a regular in that team. In the next three Olympics, Claudius, who by now had joined the Calcutta Customs where he stayed on for the rest of his working life, was the lynchpin of the team winning two more gold medals - in 1952 and 1956 - and a silver in 1960. There was a tinge of regret in Claudius' voice when he talked about the 1960 Rome Games, where as captain India for the first time slipped to second place in the Olympics.There were several wonderful stories that Claudius narrated about his time playing hockey for India and Customs in Calcutta. When it was time to leave, the ever-humble hockey legend said, \"Son, thanks for coming.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17701553", "title": "Man duped into undergoing vasectomy", "text": "BOKARO: A villager was duped by two persons who took him for vasectmy without his knowledge and then fled with the Rs 1,200 that government hospitals pay for family planning.Forty-five-year-old Dayal Mahto, a resident of Sarishakuri village, 32 km from the district headquarters, was drugged before the no-scalpel vasectomy (NSV) surgery.The father of six is in a state of shock and has approached Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar and civil surgeon S N Tewary for help.On October 11, Mahto, a daily wage earner, met the two persons on his way back home from Chas. They offered him a white-washing job and Mahto accepted it as he did not have any work in hand.Thereafter, the duo took him to a roadside stall and offered him tea. Mahto became unconscious immediately after drinking the tea.When he got his senses back he found himself in an auto-rickshaw with the two men. They took Mahto to a building, which they said, needed a white-wash.\"As I went inside I saw some people wearing masks and they asked me to lie on a table... I can't understand or speak Hindi fluently as my mother tongue is Bengali. Before I could resist they began the surgery and I had to lie there helplessly,\" said Mahto.After that he was asked to put his fingerprint on a paper.The duo then collected the cash and put Mahto in an auto-rickshaw, asked the driver to drop him near a bus stand and vanished. Mahto came to know about the vasectomy only after he went to a doctor the next day as he was in pain.Shocked by the incident, he visited the panchayat level Legal Aid Clinic and narrated his story to legal advisor Baldev Pandey, who took him to the police. Though Mahto remembers faces of the two men, he could not recollect where the hospital was.Pandey said performing of NSV without the consent of the concerned person is a crime. \"Authorities should help Mahto and arrest the duo and identify the hospital where the NSV was performed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17701008", "title": "Govt for stringent punishment to rape accused: Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: With public outrage over the gang-rape of a girl in a moving bus in the capital rising, the government on Thursday said it was pressing for stringent punishment for the accused so that it becomes a deterrent for others.\"As a father of three daughters, I am interested in getting deterrent punishment. We are pressing for that,\" home minister Sushilkumar Shinde said, adding police will be strict in dealing with such cases.Asked by reporters outside Parliament whether the incident will be forgotten soon and turn into another statistic, Shinde said, \"How can we forget it ... It could happen to my daughters also.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17700847", "title": "Reinstate sacked bus driver: High court to Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has ordered the reinstatement of a state transport corporation driver, who was dismissed from service on charges of stealing a conductor's bag, in 1998.K Pichaimani, the driver, had filed a petition before the labour court at Trichy in 1999, challenging his dismissal. But it was dismissed by the labour court on April 26, 2005 based on the findings through a departmental enquiry.Setting aside the award, passed by the labour court, Justice K Ravichandrabaabu ordered the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC), Pudukkottai division, to reinstate the driver without back wages and with continuity of service.In his order, the judge also told the department that it cannot proceed to take a different view without showing strong reasons and circumstances to deviate from the findings of the criminal court.As the charge against the driver attracted the provisions of Indian Penal Code, a criminal case was separately filed by the Sayalkudi police and a trial was conducted at the Mudukulathur judicial magistrate court, which had acquitted the driver on September 29, 1999.The petitioner was appointed as driver on January 10, 1987 in TNSTC, Pudukkottai. He had allegedly stole Rs 810 from the conductor's bag on March 27, 1998 while the vehicle halted at Sayalkudi.After the incident took place, he was suspended on April 2, 1998 initially and was dismissed on September 23, 1998.When the petitioner took the matter to the labour court, it dismissed the petition on various grounds. Hence, he filed the writ petition against TNSTC, Pudukkottai and the labour court before the Madurai bench.The petitioner's counsel told the bench that the labour court passed the order relying on evidence from the concerned bus conductor who had deposed only on presumption and there was no eyewitness to the case.After hearing arguments from both the sides, the judge pulled up the labour court, and held that it did not consider the important aspects of the case properly.The judge said the labour court had pointed out various grounds for dismissal of petition, including since the petitioner had been acquitted only by giving benefit of doubt, so much of proof is not required in domestic enquiry; the petitioner himself admitted the offence before the sub-inspector of police etc. These findings of the labour court cannot be sustained, the judge told in his order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704514", "title": "Amitabh croons 'Kabhi Kabhi' at Chennai film fest", "text": "Megastar Amitabh Bachchan, who has sung many chartbusters over the years, crooned a few lines of the song Kabhi Kabhi at the closing ceremony of the 10th Chennai International Film Festival Thursday night.Bachchan, who was the chief guest at the event, also said the dialogues that are part of the song. Artist-singer Mohamed Illiaz, known for sketching while singing, sketched Bachchan on stage as he sang.Bachchan also spoke a few lines in Tamil as he addressed the gathering.The festival, which spanned over eight days, screened 154 films from over 50 countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704545", "title": "'Kalkatiya Bhauji' ready for release", "text": "Made under Jai Rani Sati Maa Productions Bhojpuri film 'Kalkatiya Bhauji' is ready for release. The film is completely women oriented. Entire shooting of the movie has been carried out in Bihar's Chhapra and Siwan district. Songs of the film are very melodious and have already garnered good response.Bijli Rani, the famous Bhojpuri singer is making her acting debut through this movie. Film is produced by Niket Agrawal. Ranjana Singh, Pratibha Singh , Ashok and Sanjay Singh are others stars in the movie.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17698849", "title": "World of cinema unspools on Bangalore screens", "text": "BANGALORE: \"It's so wonderful, the world has come to Bangalore,\" film society movement activist, HN Narahari Rao, beamed as the seven-day Bengaluru International Film Festival (Biffes) got underway here on Thursday.The sheer scale of the 5th edition of Biffes is overwhelming: a feast of 160 films from over 50 countries awaits film enthusiasts.The festival was inaugurated by chief minister Jagadish Shettar in the august presence of Japanese film-maker Masahiro Kobayashi. \"Home to 10 million people, multi-ethnic Bangalore is an ideal place for such a cultural event,\" Shettar said.Tara Anuradha, actor and director of the festival, said cinema was a binding force in India, regardless of caste, creed and religion.Narahari Rao, the artistic director of the film festival, will offer some of the never-seen-before films of Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa , Italian filmmaker Antonio Margheriti and much more.Rao asked the government to set up a permanent film festival directorate. \"The process of collecting so many films over the years is a gigantic task and in order to utilize the support from other countries to send their films for our festival, we need a permanent directorate dedicated to the film festival,\" he said.The chief minister later said necessary steps will be taken for the setting up of the directorate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17701462", "title": "And this song will live ever more...", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Each Christmas brings with it new modes of celebrations, be it cakes, stars, wine or carols. A Christmas song, though nearly three decades' old, is however the most sought-after by carol groups year after year.Meet A J Joseph (66), the author of evergreen 'Yehudiyayile oru gramathil...' He had written the song in 1983. At Rose Cottage, his house in the town, Joseph doesn't hide his excitement while sharing information about the song. The song was among 10 songs in album 'Snehapratheekam', all written and composed by Joseph and sung by Yesudas and Sujatha, brought out by 'Tharangini' in December 1987. And in its jubilee year, the song is still a hit.\"The cassette is still among the best sellers during the Christmas season. We have already sold around 50 this season,\" says the manager of Plaza Music World, Kottayam.Seby S Johnson, a former member of the church choir here and now settled in Adelaide (Australia), says he has been singing the song from his childhood. \"Whenever I hear it, I remember the Christmas celebrations with my family and friends,\" says Seby, who makes it a point to be with his relatives and friends in Kottayam for every Christmas. \"This song will certainly be the main song this season also when we go out with the carol group.\"Meanwhile, Joseph says he had never bothered about financial returns of the song. \"But since the song became so popular and earned bucks for the producer, I deserved a reward considering that I did the lyrics and music. I have demanded royalty for every other songs except this one.\"He had begun his career as the choir master in Lourdes Church here. He has also penned songs in around five movies, including Ente Kanakkuyil and Kunjattakkilikal. \"Films were not my cup of tea and I stopped doing them. I didn't like the way the industry treated composers,\" he says.He had also brought out several light music and devotional song albums since 1987. The notable among them are Madhurageethangal (88), Swargasudha (91) and Nee mathramente ashrayam (2002). He is now working on a Christmas DVD album, with visuals shot in Jerusalem . \"I hope to bring it out by next Christmas. It will be titled 'Neela Nilavu'.\"He turned to devotional songs after a bike accident in 1983. 'I was admitted to a private hospital here with six fractures. I imagined the pain Jesus Christ had undergone for the wellbeing of the world and I sensed my pain receding. On that night, I started penning songs.\" He says he won't pick any of his songs as his favourite. \"I rarely listen to carols written by others as I fear it can influence me when I sit down to create my songs. I want my songs not to resemble others' songs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700825", "title": "Composting machines traced, claims PCMC", "text": "PUNE: The environment engineering department of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has claimed that it has 'traced' the two machines which had been purchased by the civic body for preparing manure from food waste. The environment engineering department had earlier said that it had no knowledge about the machines.\"The health department had purchased and installed these waste composting machines in housing societies. That's why we did not know about their existence,\" said Sanjay Kulkarni, executive engineer, environment engineering department.Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale had alleged that one of the machines had been stolen, while the other was not in use. One machine cost Rs 8.5 lakh and the other Rs 12 lakh.A report submitted by the environment engineering department to municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi states that the machines are in good condition. One machine was installed at a housing society in Krishnanagar, but is not in use. The other one was installed at a housing society in Sant Tukaramnagar but was shifted to another society later.On Monday, Savale had alleged that one of the two machines had been stolen while the other was rusting somewhere. Both the machines were installed in the wards of two former mayors, she said.Savale had sought information about the machines from the health department under the RTI. She had also visited the sites to see the machines.The Shiv Sena corporator has demanded stern action against the concerned civic officials for alleged dereliction of duties.Shiv Sena workers also had met PCMC joint commissioner Amrut Sawant, demanding that a police complaint be lodged about the missing machine. Sawant had said that an inquiry had already been ordered by the municipal commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700794", "title": "Centre issues advisory to states on JNNURM", "text": "PUNE: With the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) pointing out deficiencies in implementation of JNNURM projects, the Central government has issued advisory to the states for following the proper procedure while implementing the projects.In its report on performance audit of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), the CAG has pointed out certain deficiencies in implementation of projects across the states, including Maharashtra. According to the information provided by the Union urban development department (UDD), the CAG report has mentioned that projects approved under the JNNURM are delayed due to various reasons, including deficiencies in awarding works.\"Water supply, sewerage, storm water drainage, and roads and flyovers projects are getting delayed because of non-availability of land and lack of clearances, apart from deficiencies in awarding of work and a few cases of unauthorized and irregular expenditure. It has (CAG) also mentioned that due to the delays, there were blockages of funds meant for purchase of machinery/equipment,\" states a press statement issued by the central government issued on Wednesday.The CAG report is likely to snowball into a major issue as the activists and politicians in the city are planning to take up the matter with the state government.The projects under the JNNURM are implemented by the state governments through the local bodies. Advisories have been issued to the state governments for following the proper procedure while implementing the projects.The JNNURM was launched in December 2005 with the objective of reforms-driven and fast-track development of cities, with focus on bringing about efficiency in urban infrastructure, service delivery mechanisms, community participation and accountability of urban local bodies and parastatal agencies towards citizens.It has two components, namely, the urban infrastructure and governance and the urban infrastructure development scheme for small and medium towns. As many as 65 cities are covered under the urban infrastructure and governance component, based on the population as per the 2001 Census.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17702196", "title": "Maoist camp in Ganjam forest", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Security personnel came upon a Maoist camp in Ganjam's Nipapidi forest within Sorada police limits, during a combing operation on Thursday. As many as four powerful landmines, 25 metres of electric wires, used to prepare IEDs, were seized from the spot.While two landmines weigh around 20 kg, the other two weigh around 15 kg each. Besides, a dozen detonators and 20 poythene sheets were also recovered, said SP (Ganjam) Asish Singh. The landmines were defused off on the spot.The combing operation was jointly conducted by the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), District Voluntary Force (DVF) along with the local police force. \"Red rebels might have fled from the area as the security personnel launched a combing operation there,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17699495", "title": "Parents, wife don't want Nabi to play", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's top footballer, Syed Rahim Nabi, is under immense pressure from the 'home ministry'. The Mohun Bagan winger, voted All India Football Federation's Player of the Year on Thursday, is trying his level best to make his parents and wife understand that the injury he suffered during the Kolkata derby at the Salt Lake Stadium on December 9 was an unfortunate accident.Nabi's family does not want him to return to the football ground.During the I-League match against East Bengal, a piece of brick from the stands flocked by Bagan supporters hit Nabi on his face. He had to be carried out by players - there was no stretcher at the ground - and he later underwent corrective surgery. Currently recuperating, he is out of action for six weeks.The news of the award came as a soothing balm to the irrepressible all-round player who spoke to TOI on Thursday. Barely able to conceal his happiness, Nabi said: \"To be honest, I was really looking forward to this award. It means a lot to me. It is my first one and I hope it won't be my last.\"But the pugnacious young man from Pandua, who made his international debut in 2004 against Oman in a pre-World Cup qualifier, is facing a huge problem at home. \"They (parents and wife) are vehemently against my return to football. They are even trying to stop my brother from pursuing the game. The incident has shaken their faith badly.\"With adulation pouring in, Nabi feels that it may help him convince his family that all is not bad in the state of football. The pain is still there. The doctors have fixed a plate on his cheekbone. \"I still can't eat properly as chewing is difficult. And sitting at home for so long is boring,\" he adds with his customary impishness.India's best footballer for the past two years, Nabi rarely had a bad game for club or country last season. He reinvented himself as a defender under former National coach Bob Houghton and is now enjoying his preferred attacking role under Wim Koevermans. In the Nehru Cup final in New Delhi, he played gallantly against the sturdy lions of Cameroon to run away with the Man of the Match trophy.Nabi rattled out a long list of names he would like to thank on this occasion. \"But above all, I must say I am indebted to my teammates and childhood coach Murari Sur. He is old now and not keeping well. Without him, my career would have been a non-starter.\"If his fearlessness on the field while going for aerial tussles is anything to by, Nabi will overcome all hurdles to return to his favourite position. Be it on the left or right, his adventurous runs down the flanks and popping up out of no where to nod in a goal is always a treat to watch. Get well soon, Nabi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17701007", "title": "Auto-lifting cases record to go online", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In order to solve the increasing number of auto-lifting cases, the police are planning to make all compiled records of stolen vehicles online.With more than 430 vehicle-lifting cases registered in police records this year, 39 police stations are coordinating with the DCRB (district crime record bureau) and SCRB (state crime record bureau) to exchange comprehensive data to get the cases solved and assist each other. \"Recovery of stolen vehicles is not an easy task as we are currently relying on DCRB or SCRB. This would be only possible when we would be sharing online information and access to NCRB (national crime record bureau) database to trace vehicles that were stolen anywhere in the country.\" Said an SOG (Special operation group) official. As it takes time to compile the required inputs, police claim that they have been storing data on computer sets and once these things go online, sharing of inputs will be a click away. This data of stolen vehicles since past 10 years, would be easily available to the police as well as vehicle owners.Currently, the cops in Allahabad region have no facility of getting acquainted with the database of stole vehicles but once the CCTNS (crime and criminal tracking network and system) gets operational, it would be an easy task with the click of the mouse. SP points out \"Once we would be able to check national database through CCTNS regarding stolen or recovered vehicles, policemen would be able to share information with the other state and district police and know the current status. This move will improve the recovery record of stolen vehicles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17701019", "title": "Rajya Sabha passes UAPA amendments amid protest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament on Thursday passed a bill that makes economic offences, including circulation of high quality counterfeit currency, a terrorist act.The Rajya Sabha passed Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Amendment Bill, 2012 by voice vote while several parties, including Left, JD(U), RJD and LJP walked out in protest. The bill was already passed by Lok Sabha.In the Rajya Sabha, discussion on the bill generated much heat. Besides protests by opposition parties, some MPs of the Congress and its allies, the RJD and the National Conference, warned the government against misuse of the anti-terror law, especially against Muslims.The CPM moved an amendment seeking to take trade unions out of the purview of this Act, but it was defeated.CPM MP Sitaram Yechury likened the bill to POTA that the Congress-led UPA-1 government had repealed. The Left parties were proving outside support to the UPA government then. \"We repealed the POTA together... by bringing this bill, you have brought back the same draconian measures (of POTA) that we repealed together,\" Yechury said.The bill reverses the logic of jurisprudence by saying a person will be considered guilty until proven innocent, said Yechury.In response, minister of state for home R P N Singh said, \"This bill has nothing to do with other laws (like POTA). It is to prevent counterfeit currency that is weakening our economy.\"Member after member cited instances where Muslims arrested in terrorist cases were released after years in jail when the courts called them innocent.While Singh assured the bill was not against any religion, Shivanand Tiwari of JD(U) said even POTA was religion neutral but the 'draconian' law was misused. D Raja of the CPI asked the government to \"defer the bill for wider consultation before passing it in hurry\".Md Adeeb, Independent MP from Uttar Pradesh, cited instances of misuse of existing anti-terror laws and asked the government to ensure accountability of policemen who frame innocent people.Besides economic offences, the bill expands the definition of terrorist act to include acts involving detention, abduction, threats to kill or injure, or other actions so as to compel an international or inter-governmental organization to comply with some demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700854", "title": "Delhi HC blast accused shot dead in J&K;", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hizbul Mujahideen militant Shakir Hussain Sheikh alias Chhota Hafiz, an accused in the September 7, 2011 Delhi high court blast, was gunned down by security forces in Kishtwar district of Jammu and Kashmir on Thursday.Chhota Hafiz was the last surviving link to the two Pakistani bombers who planted the bombs at gate No.5 of Delhi HC killing 16 people. Two others, Junaid Akram Malik and Amir Kamal alias Bada Hafiz, were killed between May and August this year.The National Investigation Agency wanted to catch them alive as they were the ones who had arranged for the explosives and the Pakistani planters. Junaid's elder brother, Wasim Akram Malik, who was arrested by NIA, had no knowledge about the real identity of the planters.Sources said the Army received information about movement of some militants in Marwah tehsil of Kishtwar on Thursday. The troops of 11 Rashtriya Rifles laid an ambush on Qadrini Bridge in Marwah and the militants came to the area around 7.30pm. The militants, upon seeing them, tried to escape and opened fire. The retaliatory fire killed one of the militants who was identified as Chhota Hafiz. There was a reward of Rs 50 lakh on his head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17701404", "title": "Loyola duo make a mark in fiction", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Two talented boys from Loyola School, Jamshedpur have unleashed their creativity and exceptional writing skills by penning their thoughts and publishing them in the form of books. One is a fantasy-based short story book while the other is a collection of 17 poems.'Random Ramblings', a book of short stories, encapsulates the fantasy world of the 17-year-old Adityesh Mitra who is pursuing his intermediate in Science from Loyola School, Jamshedpur. \"The short stories reflect how young people of my age envisage the world,\" said Mitra, who is blessed with innate talent for writing.According to him, the book attempts to accommodate the aspirations of the teenagers who unmindful of the hard realities of the contemporary world dream of achieving their goals as they wish. \"I look forward to writing fiction while keeping pace with my studies,\" said Mitra, who had authored a short stories book for the first time at the age of 11 though the book remained confined within the shelves of his home.The other book 'As I Feel', which is a collection of 17 poems, is authored by 12-year-old Vedant Mehta. The Class VII Loyola boy believes his book is precisely about the feelings of a teenager regarding the society and the surroundings.\"The book reflects what a particular boy or girl thinks and feels about the society they live in. The book speaks, in broad terms, about the turmoil that goes through in the minds of children of our age regarding the contemporary developments across the globe,\" said Vedant, who has now joined Rashtriya Indian Military School in Dehradun for further studies.Principal of Loyola School, Jamshedpur, Fr Victor Misquith, SJ who is delighted on discovering the outstanding writing skills of his students, said, \"The duo (through their books) have reaffirmed that the privilege of writing books is not limited to adults only.\" The principal, while releasing the two books on Thursday, said Kolkata based publication house, Shyam Enterprises, has published the books and it will hit the markets soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700386", "title": "State employees put off stir, to decide future course on Dec 23", "text": "LUCKNOW: Working in the state government offices is likely to resume from Friday with the UP government employees calling off their strike against the proposed quota in promotion bill, which could not be tabled in the Lok Sabha on the last day of winter session on Thursday.The strike which spanned over a period of eight days is estimated to have caused a loss of over Rs 3,000 crore to the state exchequer while halting various crucial ongoing infrastructure projects. Work on these projects may now resume from Friday.The Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, which spearheaded the agitation of employees, said that it has only \"postponed the strike\". Samiti president, Shailendra Dubey said that the samiti has given a call to all employees across the state to assemble in Lucknow on December 23 to decide on the future strategy.Employees had gone on a strike on December 13 after the Congress-led UPA government decided to table the said bill in the Rajya Sabha. The move to introduce the bill in Rajya Sabha came three days after BSP chief Mayawati and party's Rajya Sabha MP lend her support to the UPA government on foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail issue, in what was seen as being conditioned to bring in the reservation bill in the parliament. The bill could not be tabled in the upper house for three days following sharp protests by the Samajwadi Party, which termed the bill as the one dividing the society.However, the bill had a smooth sail in the upper house on December 17, much to the disappointment of the agitating employees. The development saw angry UP government employees, ostensibly from the general and the OBC categories, allegedly attacking the offices of BJP and the Congress in retaliation, tearing off posters of party leaders and burning their effigies. Employees were peeved with the BJP maintaining a strategic silence over the issue.Protesting employees, in fact, on many occasions had a tiff with state BJP leaders. On one occasion, they went all the way to the residence of BJP MP from Lucknow, Lalji Tandon and staged a demonstration. The agitation left a distinct fissure line between the saffron party's national leadership and state unit. So much so that BJP national president Nitin Gadkari decided to call a meeting with the state leadership.The protest not only affected the smooth government functioning, but also resulted in fault lines between employee of general/OBC category and SC/ST category. There were reports of general/OBC employees entering into heated discussion with SC/ST who, in turn, wanted to work four hours extra. The former, however, have been locking the gates of the government offices.On Thursday, the reservation supporters, under the aegis of Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, said that the association was mulling launching a state-wide agitation against the state government for not protecting the SC/ST employees who wanted to do extra work.The Bahujan Samaj Party , a key proponent of reservation in promotion for government employees has been pressing with the demand of bringing in the bill days after Supreme Court upheld the Allahabad High Court order that struck down the provision put in place by Mayawati government, which stormed to power in Uttar Pradesh in 2007.Situation changed completely post March 2012, when Samajwadi Party swept the UP polls. Heavily against the provision, Akhilesh Yadav government immediately decided to abide by the high court order. Soon, hundreds of engineers and state government employees, waiting for their due promotion got their share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700365", "title": "Mood-I takes off with D-day party", "text": "MUMBAI: The events lined up for the first day of the annual IIT-B festival, Mood Indigo, ensured that the celebrations took off with great pomp and show. The campus was buzzing with excitement of students not only from the participating ones, but also the ones from the institute, the organisers.On Day one, 20,000 visited the most-awaited college festival.With long queues at the Global Mela, a Ferriswheel and Mood Indigo partnership event, which had stalls from five countries-Japan, Italy, Romania, Serbia and Sri Lanka , it was the favorite among students on Thursday. Participants managed to visit the five countries in a span of five minutes at the mela. The long queues and the crowd at this mela made it the most sought after event of the day.In the afternoon, the crowd was seen grooving to the popular tunes played by DJ Lloyd. While several events were taking place at the same time on the campus,The open air theatre was packed to experience the contemporary night with Grammy award winner and Mohan Veena inventor Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhatt.With the world anticipating an apocalypse, a special event called Doomsday party was arranged at the festival this year. \"If at all the world is to end, all we need is to have a big bang party. Therefore, we shifted our popular DJ night from last day to first day,\" said an organizer. For the first time, the festival was also open to school students.At the litfest, an interaction was organized between noted journalist and writer Mark Tully and Mumbai-based writer Dilip D'SSouza based on the former's book Non-Stop India that released last year. During the question and answer session, the discussion swayed from the Palghar Facebook case to the Delhi rape incident.National debate was another major event for the day with around 170 participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700241", "title": "Officials' apathy puts future of students at risk", "text": "LUCKNOW: The callous attitude shown by some government polytechnics and the board of technical education has become a major problem for many students, who were marked absent in one or more examinations despite their appearance in these examinations. Combating with the problem for more than three months, students finally aired their grievances before the media to intervene to help them save their future.\"It has been more than three months that the results are announced. I was marked absent in two papers in which I had appeared. I have been making rounds of the technical board for nearly three months, but no corrections have been made,\" said a student from Basti, who is pursuing engineering. Copies of many results showing absent mark in the student's scorecards are with TOI.Another student who has been marked absent in all subjects is still to come out of the shock. Talking to TOI from Azamgarh, he said, \"It is just impossible. I appeared for all exams, but when I saw my result, it was marked absent all through. When I met the officials at BTE, they consoled saying corrections are being made and results will be mailed to us.\" Students said that after the results were declared in September, thrice the updated list has been uploaded on the website, but with no corrections. Blaming the technical education officials for showing laxity, a student said, \"The first list was on November 7 and then on November 30. It was again uploaded in the first week of December but none showed any corrections.\"Troubled students lamented that BTE and college officials are making false promises for around three months now. \"My second year result is incorrect and the final year exams are to begin in March. I have not been given admission in third year due to faulty result. Where am I wrong,\" questioned a student pursuing mechanical engineering from Jhansi.Another student from Sultanpur whose final year results were incorrect said, \"I am facing severe problems with campus placements. More than three companies have come, but I was ineligible to sit because my results are wrong. Even outside, I can't apply for jobs.\"Officials at BTE whom TOI tried to talk were not available for comments. BTE secretary RK Verma did not pick up the phone despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701150", "title": "CPM-TMC workers clash in Keshpur", "text": "KOLKATA: Six Trinamool Congress supporters were struck by arrows in a clash that broke out between the CPM and Trinamool workers at Mogra village in Keshpur police station on Thursday night.Three CPM wokers also sustained injuries.Gopal Murmu, one of the victims, was rushed to SSKM hospital in Kolkata for treatment.Police said CPM supporters had gathered for a meeting at Mogra Bazar when a Trinamool rally passed by. Soon, a clash broke out between the two parties.When Trinamool supporters became aggressive, CPM men took shelter in a jungle and started attacking their rivals with arrows, leaving six persons injured. The other injured have been identified as Abu Bakkar, Gopal Ari, Swapan Samanta and Quadir Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17702211", "title": "Light, sound show on Netaji from January 23", "text": "CUTTACK: The light and sound show project at Netaji Birthplace Museum will see the light of the day on January 23. \"All steps have been taken to launch the much expected show on the birth anniversary of Netaji Subash Chandra Bose,\" said director of culture Sushil Das.The Rs 30 lakh project, announced in 2008, is being funded by Rourkela Steel Plant. The script for the show on the life of Netaji has been written by Bijay Mishra and sets designed by Asim Basu.The RSP had provided Rs 10 lakh for the project in the first phase with which the museum authorities completed construction of an open air gallery for 100 viewers. But the project got stuck in 2009 as the steel plant blocked the funds. It released the remaining amount in March 2012. \"A new agency is installing the light and sound system and work is on a war-footing so that the show goes on floor before January 23,\" said curator of the museum J P Das.People are eager to watch the show. \"The show will happen four years after it was planned. The new addition will attract more tourists,\" said a resident of Odia Bazaar Sk Ahmed.Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose was born in Cuttack on January 23, 1897. He spent his childhood at his ancestral house Janakinath Bhawan in Odia Bazaar. This house was converted into a museum that exhibits memorabilia associated with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17702299", "title": "Sahitya Akademi award for Gourahari Das", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odia writer and columnist Gourahari Das was selected on Thursday for the Sahitya Akademi Award this year. Das' collection of short stories 'Kanta O' Anyanya Galpa' has got the award among six other books in this category.\"I feel elated. Life is full of struggles but such recognition encourages one to move ahead. I believe in values and ideals and characters of my stories portray those values,\" said an excited Das.'Kanta O' Anyanya Galpa' comprises 16 stories depicting a glimpse of rural Odisha, said the author, who has written 47 books so far, including 14 compilations of short stories, five novels, a play and an anthology of poems, essays and features. Das received the state Sahitya Akademi Award for his contribution to literature in the year 2000.The award was recommended by distinguished jury members representing 24 languages and approved by the executive board of the Sahitya Akademi. Books were selected on the basis of recommendations made by a jury of three members in the concerned languages. The award contains an engraved copper plaque, a shawl and Rs 1 lakh, to be awarded on February 18 in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17701990", "title": "Chew on this: Mealworms could be next best food", "text": "LONDON: Edible insect protein from mealworms may prove to be a more sustainable alternative to foods like milk and chicken, according to researchers.Researchers compared the environmental impact of meat production on a Beetle larvae or mealworms farm to traditional animal farms using three parameters: Land usage, energy needs, and greenhouse gas emissions. They found mealworms produce more edible protein than traditional farms for chicken, pork, beef or milk, for the same amount of land used.Research led by Dennis Oonincx from the University of Wageningen, Netherlands, found that from the start of the process to the point that the meat left the farm, mealworms scored better than the other foods. Mealworm farms required less land and similar amounts of energy per unit of edible protein produced.Previous work by the team has already shown that mealworms themselves produce less greenhouse gases than other animals grown for meat.In this new study, the researchers elaborate on the sustainability of insect proteins as a food by showing that growing mealworms for animal protein requires less land and generate fewer greenhouse gas emissions than chicken, pork, beef or milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17701630", "title": "Contempt of court case against advocate, 7 others", "text": "BELGAUM: The high court has registered a suo-motu criminal contempt of court case against an advocate and seven persons and served notices for threatening the civil judge in Belgaum court.As per the documents available with TOI, the district and sessions judge forwarded the case to the high court chief justice to take action against the accused on April 23. On October 18, the HC registered a suo-motu case under Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Contempt of Courts Act-1971.According to a complaint filed by Ravikumar H R, 1st additional civil judge and JMFC, Belgaum, on March 1, advocate Shantinath Patil entered his chamber without permission and asked him to send the staff, including bench clerk, stenographer and attender out and closed the doors in the pretext of discussing a confidential matter. When the staff went outside, the advocate demanded him not pass any order against his party and threatened to transfer him if he fails to obey.However, the judge brought the issue to the notice of principle district and sessions judge M S Balakrishna and chief judicial magistrate Ravi Naik .Shantinath is fighting a case on behalf of Methodist Episcopal Church in Southern Asia and Methodist Church in South Asia, Mumbai, for the relief of perpetual injunction which is pending in the 1st additional civil court. The accused have secured bail by executing a bond for Rs 1 lakh each. The next hearing is on January 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17701915", "title": "Garbage collection: Mangalore City Corporation will start helpline soon", "text": "MANGALORE: The coastal city is determined not to go the Bangalore way when it comes to the issue of solid waste management.After procedural delays, the city had finally gone ahead with the door-to-door collection of waste in all 60 wards on December 1.The city planners expect the new system to stabilize from New Year. The Mangalore City Corporation will start a helpline on January 1, 2013 for citizens to give their feedback on the system.This was one of the steps that city corporation commissioner K Harish Kumar announced while talking to reporters here on Thursday.The contractors will compulsorily have to collect segregated waste from each household and take it to the secondary transport point from where it will be taken to the landfill site at Pachchanady. The helpline is for people to inform MCC of shortfalls in the system.With the city corporation removing waste bins, the onus will be on contractors to ensure that waste is collected from all stakeholders.Those people who are not cooperating with the civic body and dumping waste haphazardly will first be issued a notice, he said. \"Further violation will attract monetary penalty. We have prepared a draft bylaw to deal with the issue and this will allow us to impose stiffer monetary penalties on violators of the guidelines,\" he added.If people continue to dump waste haphazardly even after fine is levied on them, the civic body will stop handling waste generated by them, he said. One of the provisions of the bylaw was a stiff fine on spitting in public places.The bylaw presented before the council for approval at its general meeting has been referred to a standing committee for its report and for ratification at a subsequent meeting.The city generates around 200 tonnes of solid waste which is transported to the dumping yard at Pachchanady. Harish said, \"We will strive to convert 140 tonnes of the waste using win row composting method and 40 tonnes using vermicomposting, so that the actual amount of waste ending at landfill is minimal and manageable. This will allow us to extend the utility of landfill site by at least four times its current shelf life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701534", "title": "JMM mum on continuing alliance", "text": "RANCHI: The CM wants to discuss the matter with senior BJP leaders before the JMM meets on Saturday and decides to serve an ultimatum to the Munda government, source added.The JMM has convened the party core committee meet on Saturday to discuss the political situation in the state. \"In the last few days there has been confusion within the ruling alliance and in public about the fate of state government. We have convened the core committee meet to discuss the current political situation,\" said JMM spokesman Supriyo Bhattacharya.Bhattacharya declined to say anything on the JMM continuing support to BJP-led government.On the other hand, officials in the chief minister's secretariat said cancellation of the Johar Yatra should not be linked with political confusion in the state or JMM meeting. \"The chief minister has to go to attend the oath-taking ceremony of his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi and the state BJP unit has plans to celebrate the birthday of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee on a grand scale. At the same time the BJP's organizational meetings are going on at several places. Keeping all these engagements in mind the CM has decided to postpone the Johar Yatra,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700777", "title": "H1N1 claims baby girl from Lonavla", "text": "PUNE: A one-and-half-year-old girl from Lonavla succumbed to swine flu infection at Ruby Hall Clinic on Wednesday. This is the 35th H1N1 death occurred within the city limits since April this year. \"The girl had tested positive for swine flu on December 13. She was critically ill and had been on ventilator support from December 10,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.The girl developed cough and cold from November 25. Later, she developed mild breathlessness, following which she was taken to a doctor on December 7. Since there was no improvement in her condition, the family consulted another doctor who referred them to a children's hospital in Navi Peth in Pune. \"The girl was admitted to the children's hospital on December 9. However, her condition worsened and she was put on ventilator support from the next day,\" Pardeshi said.Her throat swab tested at a private designated laboratory confirmed the presence of H1N1 virus. The girl was shifted to Ruby Hall Clinic, a designated H1N1 treatment centre, on December 14. The girl also developed abnormal blood clotting condition called disseminated intravascular coagulopathy that leads to formation of small blood clots inside blood vessels, resulting in disruption of normal coagulation and abnormal bleeding from skin.The girl died at 7 pm on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700223", "title": "GT hospital death case: Probe finds 6 doctors negligent", "text": "MUMBAI: Six doctors from two state-run hospitals-St George and Gokuldas Tejpal (GT)-have been found negligent in treating a 65-year-old patient, who had succumbed on Saturday soon after undergoing a CT scan.The probe report is likely to be handed over to the DMER and dean of JJ Hospital on Friday. Bhiku Tambe (65), had collapsed after undergoing a pulmonary CT angiography at GT Hospital. He was under treatment at St George but had gone to GT Hospital, which has an advanced diagnostic centre, for the scan.A lecturer and three resident doctors from St George have been found guilty of negligence. They face grave charges like keeping the patient in the ICU for two hours after being declared dead. The resident doctors also did not accompany Tambe to GT Hospital while he was going for the scan despite his health condition being fragile.Two doctors from the GT Hospital have also been found lacking in their duties. While a doctor at the diagnostic centre has been found negligent of giving the patient an injection that was contraindicated for his health condition, another doctor who is the casualty medical officer (CMO) of the hospital has been held for dereliction of duty. The CMO handed over Tambe's body to doctors from St George Hospital without conducting an autopsy.He also did not inform the head of the hospital or the police despite the death being a medico-legal case.Tambe's relatives, however, have remained untraceable throughout the investigation. One of the officials also said that the patient can approach a court and get compensation if they take the legal route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17701617", "title": "China offers to help unify the 2 Koreas", "text": "BEIJING: China has offered to facilitate reconciliation and unification of North Korea and South Korea.\"Beijing is in favour of ultimate reunification of the two countries. We are also willing to further enhance mutual strategic and political trust between China and South Korea,'' Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said while congratulating South Korea's new president Park Geun-hye behalf of President Hu Jintao's.Hua said China has always encouraged dialogue and reconciliation between the two Koreas in order \"to ultimately achieve the independent and peaceful reunification of the peninsula''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17703965", "title": "Doomsday mania!", "text": "The Mayan calendar predicts that December 21, 2012, will be the most annoying day on Facebook ever .There's going to be a solar storm and a rain of hellfire... got your sunscreen on?It's Doomsday, and everyone reaches heaven. Here are the conversations: Arab asks the Houri: Why are you not wearing a burqa? American: Where's the beach? Israeli: Where are the Palestinians living? Bush: Where is Saddam? Osama: Where is Obama? Bill Gates: What's Steve (Jobs) up to?Pretending to believe in the Mayan Apocalypse is a great way to get out of buying Christmas presents.So what's in the end? Live it up! Bunker gatherer 56 metres underground central Moscow, Russia, near the Kremlin, is a Cold War era bunker and Russians willing to shell out $1,000 will get a chance to party away Doomsday blues inside it. It's going to be a 24-hour bash, they say, and has been decorated in keeping with the theme of shock-and-awe \u00e2\u20ac\u201d red alarm lights.Real magic Not far away, a hotel on the slopes of Mount Rtanj, Serbia, is being touted as the best place to survive Armageddon. Why? It's got mystical powers! Long time ago, say locals, the mountain had swallowed a castle belonging to a sorcerer, trapping him within it. Since then, the area has been flooded with strange powers.Room service  Hotels across the US and Mexico are selling some good Mayan-themed packaged deals. Palomar in Philadelphia offers VIP tickets to Penn Museum's Maya 2012 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Lords of Time exhibit. Sandos Caracol Eco Resort &amp; Spa on the outskirts of Playa del Carmen in Mexico will host meet-and-greet sessions with indigenous residents. Mayan breakfast is complimentary!Be a zombie Find or create a safe environment. Learn to use the crossbow. Find your brood. Build a team. Collect supplies. Bootcamps are sprouting across the US to instil in ordinary mortals, the skills required for surviving apocalypse. Weekend courses or day camps, spend some time at these training centres and you'll live to tell your survivor's to your grandchildren.App-ocalypse, now Margaritas Mexican Restaurant in the US is taking the Doomsday craze a step further. They have created an app that will enable users to create postcards and share with close ones how they'd like to spend their last moments on earth. The same eatery will host a pick-up line contest. Of course, the line goes like this: 'If you were the last man on earth...'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699593", "title": "Veteran coach Bhau Kane to make a comeback", "text": "NAGPUR: On his return to the athletic field after almost a gap of four years Bhau Kane, the city's best coach for aspiring athletes, aims to produce an international runner within a couple of years. He is also confident of converting some of the upcoming stars as top-class runners in 4-5 years.After spending a lifetime sweating it out on tracks to produce 11 international athletes from the Orange City, the 63-year-old quit coaching abruptly on January 9, 2009. On his way to Kochi to attend a school nationals athletic meet, Kane learnt about the sudden demise of his brother. He broke his journey to Nagpur and never returned to the track.It was only at the insistence of one of his students that Kane chose to attend a meet, something he had never done earlier.\"After my brother Vijay's death, I was compelled to manage the activities of the ashram set up by him on the banks of Narmada in Bhaval, near the forest belt of Mandla in Madhya Pradesh. I got emotionally attached to the activities there which eventually forced me to leave my hobby,\" he said.Unaware of their guides' whereabouts some of his athletes and junior coaches were trying their best to bring Kane back on the track. Their tireless effort bore fruit only last month.He took the decision to return to athletics only after looking at the available talent. In one of his monthly visits to the city, Kane sized up some of the young runners. He was very happy with what he saw.One of Kane's coaching prodigies, Jitendra Ghordadekar used to take tips from him to improve the timings of Sayali Waghmare, an upcoming city runner, since the last couple of years.A silver medallist in school nationals - a dominated field of athletes from Kerala since many years - Sayali went on to finish the 800-meter event with an impressive timing of 2.15:90 in Ludhiana, Punjab, last year. In a photo-finish Sayali lost the gold medal to Kerala's Jessi Joseph, the result however made Bhau happy.\"Sayali is a combination of Charulata Naigaonkar and Madhuri Gurnule (both being the top class athletes across the country once),\" he said after taking another look at her skills.Bhau also 'spotted' two 12-year-olds - Manasi Uikey and Riddhi Chamat - who according to him could become top-class middle and long distance athletes in Asia.\"After a series of sessions with these city youngsters I can only say that in the coming 4-5 years these three can be top class middle and long distance runners like Kavita Raut and Preeja Sreedharan in Asia,\" said Bhau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17702346", "title": "Children's film fest a big draw", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A children's film festival, which kicked off here on Wednesday, was an instant hit with kids. Students from several schools turned up in large numbers to watch award-winning flicks of Children's Film Society (CFS), India, free of cost. The two-day festival is being organized by culture department.\"The festival is a part of the state government's decision to hold such festivals in every district from December 19 to January 3. Besides Berhampur, the festival is being held in Chhatrapur and,\" said district cultural officer K C Nishank. \"We have asked each school in the town to send a maximum of 30 students at a time so that most kids can watch the flims,'' he added.At least four award-winning Hindi feature films of the CFS like 'Chhutkan Ki Mahabharat', 'Likee', 'Karamati Coat' and 'Ye He Chakkad Bakkad Bombay Bo' will be screened in the festival twice daily. The duration of each film is around one-and-a-half hours.\"All these films are based on high moral values. We hope the children of different schools will enjoy the flicks,\" said noted film director-cum-actor Rama Raman Padhy while inaugurating the festival. Padhy urged the government to hold such festival every year in different towns. \"Very rarely children's film festivals are organized in the state. It's an opportunity to watch award-winning movies. Chhutkan Ki Mahabharat was very exciting,\" said Varsha and Bibeka of DAV Public School here. The movie has been directed by Sankalp Meshram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699137", "title": "Court reserves order on Jagan bail plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice B Seshasayana Reddy of the high court on Thursday reserved his orders to Monday on the application of YSR Congress chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy seeking a statutory bail in the disproportionate assets case.Commencing his reply arguments in the case, senior counsel C Padmanabha Reddy rebutted the contention of the CBI that the petitioner was arrested only in Vanpic case, which was the cornerstone of the submissions of the CBI. While referring to the various applications filed by the CBI seeking custodial interrogation of Jagan, the senior counsel pointed out that the CBI justified the arrest on the basis of Vanpic and also the rest of the instances where allegations of largessee being doled out allegedly by Jagan and his father. Contending further, he urged the court to take cognizance of the fact that all through the investigation was with reference to all the allegations in the FIR.While referring to the contention that the petitioners had made similar submissions in the Supreme Court also, the senior counsel denied that the petitioner had ever sought relief of statutory bail under Section 167(2) before the Supreme Court. Citing a precedent of the Supreme Court, the senior counsel contended that such an application, cannot be filed in the Supreme Court straight away and that the same could be filed only in the trial Court. As a matter of fact, such an application was not filed in the Supreme Court, he said.Rejecting the contention of the CBI as regards the order of the Supreme Court, the senior counsel emphasized that no order of the Supreme Court can be construed as nullifying a statutory position.Jagan had already furnished bail bonds in respect of Vanpic case without any resistance from CBI, he said.Padmanabha Reddy also pointed out that after filing the charge sheet in vanpic case, CBI stopped filing applications for extension of judicial remand of the petitioner. The learned Senior Counsel pointed out that the petitioner has been granted bail in three charge sheets and has not been granted bail only in the first charge sheet.Seeking to refute the contentions of the petitioner, the counsel for CBI contended that as per the arrest Memo and also the Notice under Section 41A issued to the petitioner, prior to his arrest, and also the arguments of the CBI in writ petition filed by petitioner challenging the Section 41A notice issued by the CBI in May this year, it was clear that the petitioner was arrested only in Vanpic Case. Contending that a stray line from an affidavit, cannot be relied upon by the petitioner to buttress his case, the counsel for the CBI maintained that the petitioner was arrested only in VANPIC case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700279", "title": "India expands strategic ties with Asean", "text": "NEW DELHI: Armed with a substantive free-trade agreement, India and the 10-nation Asean took ties to the next level, creating a strategic partnership at a time when Chinese assertiveness has unsettled many in the region.Inaugurating a ceremonial summit of all 10 Asean leaders, PM Manmohan Singh said, \"We should intensify our political and security consultations, including in regional forums such as the East Asia Summit, the ASEAN Regional Forum and the ASEAN Defence Ministers' Meeting Plus. We should work together more purposefully for the evolution of an open, balanced, inclusive and transparent regional architecture.\"Significantly, India pushed for greater cooperation on maritime security, which acquires special importance in the current environment. \"As maritime nations, India and ASEAN nations should intensify their engagement for maritime security and safety, for freedom of navigation and for peaceful settlement of maritime disputes in accordance with international law,\" the PM said. He also picked up and legitimized use of the new term \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Indo-Pacific \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that presumes New Delhi's role and interest in the Asia-Pacific theatre.The emphasis on these forums holds a significance that escaped no one. The focus on Asean as the central institution has come under strain recently as some of the members battle Chinese assertion of sovereignty over territories in the South China Sea.A vision statement released by the leaders drew heavily from the recommendations of an eminent persons group (EPG), which looked forward to focusing on maritime security and connectivity as the pillars of an expanded India-Asean relationship. Shyam Saran, former foreign secretary and a co-chair of the EPG, told TOI, \"The summit marks an inflection point in the emergence of a new political, security and economic order in Asia with an opportunity for India to assume a leadership role in the region.\"The India-Asean relationship was all about trade so far. And trade has flourished. Saying the relationship has become more strategic, the PM listed defence and counter-terrorism as areas where cooperation has expanded.Interestingly, Singh highlighted the \"centrality\" of Asean, a sensitive issue in south-east Asia that worries about its future, and whether it would be able to stay together in the face of increasing pressure from China and a countervailing pressure from the US. The PM instead plumped for an Asean community, saying \"ASEAN has emerged as the principal architect and driver of economic and security structures and institutions that are emerging in the region. ASEAN centrality and leadership are essential elements for the success of these forums and India fully supports ASEAN as the lynchpin of these efforts.\"No one mentioned the elephant in the room, China. All the Asean countries, as well as India, have deep bilateral ties with China, but for many of these countries, Beijing's rise and the manifestations of that are causing disquiet, particularly over the simmering tensions in the South China Sea. India has an equally complex relationship with China. And, despite the potential, India is far from becoming a credible balancing power to China, largely because its economy is one-third of China's, and New Delhi's ability to deliver on infrastructural support is abysmal. That might affect the larger strategic relationship with Asean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701659", "title": "Lecher roams free despite lodging FIR", "text": "PATNA: When I think of the Delhi gang rape case, I just wonder whether the people involved are mentally sick or they are savage in the guise of human beings. These 'sick' people need urgent treatment for, otherwise, they will spawn many like themselves at every nook and corner.One such 'sick' person lives at Ashok Rajpath where my hostel is located, and is a menace for all the girls in the area. A few months ago, I, too, had a bad encounter with the person. There is a tea stall near my girls hostel and that person used to pass his hours sitting at the stall and pass lewd comments on every passing girl. Time and again, I also used to become the victim of his lewd remarks but ignored them to avoid any fuss. But the situation one evening turned for the worse and unbearable when two of my friends, Ritu and Sneha, and I were about to reach the hostel after finishing our classes at a private coaching centre and we were stalked by him.As some construction work was going on then, the road was completely dug up leaving only a narrow passage for the passers-by. We were walking carefully on the passage when he accosted us from ahead suddenly and asked \"Chalogi? Bahut paisa denge\". I could not bear the insult and shouted back, so that at least people would act and teach the person a good lesson, but, to my surprise, the onlookers just overlooked the incident as if nothing at all had happened.More intriguing, the person shouted on us in return and said daringly that the girls living in hostels were nothing more than prostitutes. All three of us were highly disgusted with his remark. We just pushed him aside and darted towards our hostel to report everything to the owner and the manager.When we narrated the whole tale to them, the owner got very furious and decided to take strict action against the person. Although it was raining heavily, he took all three of us to the Pirbahore police station to lodge an FIR. However, the police didn't react quite earnestly. Smelling danger, the person concerned went absconding for around 15 days after we lodged the complaint. He again appeared on the scene after the matter cooled down and he roams around now as freely as he did earlier. Although he never accosted any girl directly after that, his comments are unstoppable till now.(The writer is a student preparing for competitive examinations. She narrated her experience to Anisha Anand)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17702212", "title": "Quota for SC, ST in contractual jobs in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bowing to opposition pressure, the state government on Thursday said it would make an effort to amend the Orissa Reservation of Vacancies In Posts and Services (for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes) Act, 1975 in the next Assembly session so that SC and ST candidates will get quota in contractual appointments.ST and SC welfare minister Lal Bihari Himirika told the assembly that the government would not allow discrimination of SCs and STs and the law would be amended so that SC and ST categories do not lose out on the benefits of contractual appointments.Himirika, following a debate through an adjournment motion, further conceded to the opposition demand to bar de-reservation of posts at the base-level. Going by existing legal provisions, base-level posts reserved for SC and ST candidates can be given to general category candidates if suitable persons are not found.The minister said the government would ensure meritorious SC and ST candidates get appointment in base-level posts so that those do not fall vacant.Himirika's response followed the opposition Congress and BJP coming down heavily on the ruling BJD for not keeping its word to amend the ORV Act, although the matter had been repeatedly discussed in the assembly.Congress MLA Chakradhar Paik said despite the state government's assurance to the House on more occasions than one the Act was yet to be amended, depriving SCs and STs of their constitutional rights. BJP's Karendra Majhi flayed the government, alleging the ruling BJD was not interested in welfare of SCs and STs.Opposition members said in December, 2011, 52 legislators, rising above political affiliations, had written to chief minister Naveen Patnaik seeking amendments to ORV Act, but no action was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17701073", "title": "Woman, daughter\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bodies found in lake", "text": "CHENNAI: The bodies of a 35-year-old woman, who ran a 'chit fund' business, and her daughter were recovered from the Chembarambakkam lake near Kundrathur on Thursday. Police suspect that P Lakshmi and Lavanya committed suicide because the family had incurred heavy losses.Early in the morning, a passerby noticed the two bodies floating on the lake and informed village administrative officer Sakthivelu of Sirukalathur near Kundrathur. Based on Sakthivelu's complaint, the Kundrathur police registered a case. The news then appeared in a few vernacular evening papers and police informed Lakshmi's husband Palani, who identified the bodies at the government hospital in Chromepet.On Wednesday, Palani, a mechanic at a car-manufacturing company near Sriperumbudur, had lodged a complaint with the Arumbakkam police saying his wife and daughter were missing. He had returned home in the evening and was told by his son Vignesh about the disappearance of the two women. \"My wife had informed Vignesh, who studies in Class 9 at a private school in Arumbakkam, that she would commit suicide and left home with our daughter Lavanya. My son didn't take it seriously,\" Palani said.According to initial police inquiries, Lakshmi had been running the chit fund business in Arumbakkam for more than a decade. Recently, some of her depositors had defaulted and she was unable to repay the others. When they insisted that she return the money, she approached moneylenders and took a loan. She paid some of the depositors and managed to tide over the problem for a while, but the debts began to mount and she fell deep into a financial crisis, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17701071", "title": "Underage drinking on rise, thanks to cash and access", "text": "CHENNAI: After a night of binge drinking, he passed out on a bench, assuming he was in his college hostel. Satheesh (name changed), a student of a college on Poonamallee High Road, woke up in the morning and discovered he was in an arts college in Koyambedu, 5km from his hostel.The escapade may evoke a few laughs, but teachers and principals of city's colleges and schools say it points to a worrying trend: Students now start drinking liquor earlier than before and even attend classes in a drunken state, as illustrated by a Class 12 student who was recently caught drinking in class in a city government school.Psychologists say children experiment with alcohol mostly out of curiosity, with older friends responsible for the initiation. Others copy parents who drink at home. Teachers say some of the blame has to be attributed to couples giving their children large allowances without supervising how the money is spent. They say it does not help matters that liquor is easily available, with Tasmac shops located close to several educational institutions.\"Every time we host a cultural programme, students come to college after downing a peg or two at the Tasmac shop close to our campus,\" said C Selvaraj, principal of St Thomas Arts and Science College, Koyambedu. \"The authorities do not enforce the rule that bans liquor shops near educational institutions.\"Under Rule 8 of the Tamil Nadu Liquor Retail Vending (In Shops and Bars) Rules, 2003, liquor shops cannot be set up within 100 metres of educational institutions. Tasmac flagrantly disregards the rules.\"Some students come to class drunk. They claim that they drink because of stress, but that's not true. They probably start drinking because of curiosity,\" said a teacher of Pachaiyappa's College. A Tasmac shop was behind its campus.Parents and teachers are also concerned about the safety of students. \"There are noisy brawls outside the Tasmac shop near our school,\" said a teacher of Shrine Velankani School in T Nagar. The Tasmac shop is just two buildings away. \"Drunken men stagger around and pass lewd comments at the girls,\" she said.Psychologists say students sometimes drink for social acceptance and because they think it will be fun. \"Biological, genetic and psycho-social factors also play a big role,\" said counsellor Magdalene Jeyarathnam.Youngsters often drink because of the excitement of rebellion and risk-taking, peer pressure and lack of adult supervision, say psychologists. They say Tasmac shops near schools could result in students slipping out for a drink, but point out that youngsters also drink in restaurants, bars, on the beach, in parks, in the houses of friends and even in moving cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17701248", "title": "Panel formed to probe Howrah girl's death", "text": "HOWRAH: The Howrah district administration has appointed a four-member committee to probe the death of 11-year-old Trishna Roy on Wednesday. Trishna's relatives alleged that she had died after the orthopaedic surgeon, Subhashish Sadhuka, pushed an anaesthetic injection without an expert's help.Howrah's chief medical officer health (CMOH) Dr Debashish Roy announced the formation of the committee on Thursday.The CMOH said the committee would comprise Dr Subhrangshu Chakraborty, superintendent of Howrah district hospital, Suparna Chatterjee, Howrah assistant CMOH, an expert anaesthetist and an expert orthopaedic surgeon.Describing Trishna's death as \"very unfortunate,\" Dr Roy said allegations of medical negligence against Sadhuka would be probed.Trisna had gone to a nursing home in Howrah's Shanpur for removal of a plate from her fractured left hand. She fractured her hand on February 12 this year when she fell off a bicycle. Sadhuka had treated her then and inserted the plate. Trishna'a family alleged that Sadhuka administered her an anaesthetic injection though he was himself not an anaesthetist.The family members of Trishna also alleged that her condition deteriorated soon after she was administered the injection. Sadhuka allegedly picked up Trishna and carried her on his lap in an ambulance to another nursing home in Howrah's Shibpur. Authorities of that nursing home alleged that Sadhuka carried Trishna straight into the ICU without taking their permission. Doctors of the nursing home examined her and declared her brought dead.The CMOH said the panel would speak to the family members of the deceased, Sadhuka and the authorities of the nursing homes at Shanpur and Shibpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700938", "title": "CAG pulls up railways for delay in Kashmir link", "text": "NEW DELHI: The comptroller and auditor general has slammed the railways for the long delay and cost escalation in the strategically important Kashmir rail link project.The original cost of the 29-km Udhampur-Srinagar-Baramulla line aimed at providing a rail link to Kashmir was estimated at Rs 3,077 crore in 1999-2000 which has escalated to Rs 19,565 crore even as the project is still far from completion.The CAG noted \"poor planning\" before project execution as the main cause for the delay. \"The single most important reason for delay and other related problems in execution of the project is poor planning,\" the CAG said in its report tabled in Parliament on Thursday.Considering the difficult and unexplored terrain of the region, the CAG observed that the critical decision on selection of alignment should have been preceded by requisite field investigation to establish its workability.The federal auditor noted that railways should have carried out a detailed survey of the area in the Katra-Qazigund section, the most difficult terrain in the project, before deciding on the alignment and gradient.This alignment passed through various thrust areas and fault lines in the Himalayas , making the line vulnerable to seismic disasters, but the planners failed to conduct due diligence by way of geo-technical investigation of the proposed alignment in a hitherto unexplored territory and relied entirely on aerial maps and satellite imagery, the CAG noted.In another report, the auditor found that the railways had not yet formulated comprehensive guidelines for handling and transportation of bulk commodities which are pollution intensive. \"No specific criteria have been laid down by the Railway Board to assess the performance of each zone in minimizing environmental pollution,\" the CAG observed.According to Air Prevention and Control of Pollution Act, 1981, all sidings and goods sheds should obtain consent for operation from their respective state pollution control boards.The zonal railway administrations failed to adhere to the statutory provisions in respect of 50% of the sidings test checked, the CAG noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701696", "title": "Nitish refuses comment on Gujarat election results", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar remained unavailable to the media on Thursday for his reaction on the Gujarat results. He kept himself busy with official work at his secretariat, 'Samwad', almost throughout the day. With the boss silent on the issue, no leader, minister, office-bearer or spokesman of the Janata Dal (U) uttered a single word on Narendra Modi's hat-trick.\"The CM will send greetings to Modi,\" said an aide while the trends were indicating a landslide win for Modi. \"The Gujarat result is on expected lines,\" said a party office-bearer.Nitish had a daylong prior engagement on Thursday. He began the day with a review meeting of planning department and later held review meeting of energy and education departments which continued till late evening.Directive on faulty transformers: During the review meeting of energy department , he asked authorities to replace faulty electricity transformers within 24 hours in urban areas and 72 hours in rural regions for efficient power supply in the state.Nitish stressed on preparing a plan for efficient transmission network for bringing power consumption and generation on a par with the national level, an official statement said here. Kumar ordered to set up a control room in the state electricity board to take feedback over electricity supply condition and complaints related to it.He also took stock of the situation relating to changing of 72,000km of electricity wires in the state which are in bad condition. Out of this, 19,000km of wires have been replaced while work was in progress on the rest, he said. The meeting also reviewed renovation work in power plants at Kanti and Barauni and status of new power projects.Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , energy minister Bijendra Yadav and chief secretary A K Sinha participated in the meeting.Kumar has on several occasions said improving power condition was top priority of the government. He had even said he would not seek vote in next Assembly elections in 2015 if his government failed to increase power supply in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17698791", "title": "1st T20I: Yuvraj Singh stars in India's win over England", "text": "PUNE: The 'pie chucker' has got the better of England once again. Yuvraj Singh, battling fitness and form, worked his magic with both bat and ball as India beat England by five wickets in the first Twenty20 international on Thursday.Scorecard | Match in PicsThe 2011 World Cup hero first hoodwinked the England batsmen with his brand of left-arm spin to claim 3/19 as the visitors were restricted to 157/6. He then returned to slam a pivotal 38 from 21 balls to lay the platform for a morale-boosting win for India. Skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni (24 not out) and Suresh Raina (26) ensured there were no slip-ups after Yuvraj's dismissal and India coasted home with 13 balls to spare.The result ensures India won't be the losers in this two-match rubber. The second T20 will be played in Mumbai on Saturday. Yuvraj's performance couldn't have come at a better time for himself and the team. The 31-year-old's selection had been questioned ever since his return from a year-long lay-off to treat a form of cancer. After ordinary performances with the bat in the World T20 championships and the Test series, the all-round show at the Subrata Roy Sahara stadium should boost his confidence.The start didn't seem to go India's way, though. Dhoni's decision to field was perhaps prompted by the dew factor but his slow bowlers struggled. Ashwin began with a maiden but conceded 33 runs in his remaining three overs. He had the wicket of Michael Lumb in exchange for 18 runs in three overs with the new ball, but his final over cost 15. Bowling with an action entirely different from the one he used in the Tests, the 26-year-old offie failed to draw the line between versatility and inconsistency.Piyush Chawla (0-24) failed to make an impact, as did Ravindra Jadeja (0-22). With debutant Parvinder Awana clearly suffering from big-stage nerves, it was left to the wily Yuvraj to keep India in the hunt. Yuvraj got Luke Wright to top edge to long-off in the 11th over before consuming Hale and Eoin Morgan in the next.Alex Hale hit a cracking 56 (35b; 7x4, 2x6) to take the attack to the hosts. The 23-year-old right-hander began with back-to-back boundaries off Dinda and then dished out a similar treatment to Awana. He then turned his attention to Jadeja, smacking him over midwicket for the first six of the innings.Ashwin wasn't spared either, a full toss was hoisted over long on and a full length one sent screaming through the cover. But Hale perished playing across the line to Yuvraj after adding 68 runs for the second wicket with Wright (34; 21b, 3x4, 1x6). Dinda returned to remove Samit Patel (24) and Bresnan in the penultimate over. Jos Buttler (33 no) ensured the team went past 150 with successive sixes of Awana in the final over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17700535", "title": "Lack of manpower, vehicles affects night patrolling", "text": "GUWAHATI: Police are finding it hard to maintain vigil in the city after dark in the absence of enough manpower and vehicles. At present, they have 26 vehicles of which four are not even fit to run. \"City Police have to cover an area of 216.79 sq km to provide safety to over 30 lakh people in the metro area. With only 26 PAPA (patrolling vehicles), it's a mammoth task. Plus, due to manpower shortage, night patrolling gets affected too,\" said a senior police officer.Though police have formed a special women police unit called the 'Cobra force' to combat crimes against women, the unit is facing mobility trouble due to lack of patrolling vehicles. \"There are four units of Cobra in four police divisions in the city. They have been given Maruti vans to travel. Their duty is to keep an eye on vulnerable areas here near bars, pubs, discos, girls' hostels, hotels are other such places,\" added the officer.Policemen, who earlier used Gypsies for patrolling, are now using Maruti vans or Tata Spacios, which are technically not for appropriate for chasing a criminal on the streets. \"These vehicles are not fit for chasing criminals who escape on speeding motorbikes. The police department needs modernization to deal with modern-day crimes,\" he added.According to official reports, though Rs 4800 lakh was released for modernization of Assam Police by the Centre in 2011-12, only Rs 415.57 lakh was utilized. The proposed central fund for the time period was Rs 7353 lakh.On the other hand, many women have expressed their anger over police functioning in the city. \"You can find a police patrolling vehicle easily chasing trucks on highways at night for illegal collection money, but you will not find even one patrolling vehicle when you are in distress,\" said Abha Saikia, a working woman. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17701551", "title": "Mysterious cases of missing gold from lockers haunt Kozhikode cops", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Complicating the case of disappearance of valuables from the safe deposit locker of the K P Kesava Menon Road Branch of the Punjab National Bank , the city police on Thursday received a third complaint against the same branch. According to the complaint, over 40 sovereigns of gold were founding missing from the safe deposit locker.The last transaction with regard to the safe deposit locker hired by an NRI was in 2011. According to the complaint, the valuables were found missing when the complainant opened the locker following the police directive to the locker hirers to check the lockers. Police have, however, declined to reveal the identity of the complainant.Police had earlier received two complaints regarding the missing of valuables from the safe deposit locker of the bank. The first one was that of one S Saravanan, who found 24 sovereigns of gold ornaments missing from locker number 1 of the bank on February 23. The second complaint was filed by Swetha, daughter of former DCP D Sali, according to whom over 60 sovereigns of gold were found missing from the bank locker. The second incident came to light on November 2 when a bank employee informed Swetha that her locker was remaining open. The customer reached the bank only to realize that her 63 sovereigns of gold were missing from the locker.The fresh complaint has landed the police in soup as they are groping in the dark to complete the investigation in the first two cases.The complainant, according to police, has been using the safe deposit locker of the bank for over three years.\"We have started inquiry into the incident,\" said district police chief G Sparjan Kumar. \"The fresh case will be bracketed with the previous incidents, said the district police chief.\" The complainants in the earlier cases have already moved the high court seeking a CBI probe into the incidents as the local police have failed to break the deadlock.\"Police have been collecting statements from all those who hired locker at the branch,\" said circle inspector of town police T K Ashraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17698767", "title": "UP has maximum MLAs facing charges of crimes against women", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh(UP) not only tops in crime rate and politicians with criminal record, it also has maximum number of members of legislative assembly(MLAs) facing charges of crimes against women, including rape.Total 42 MLAs taken together from all the states of the country have declared charges of crimes against women in their sworn affidavits submitted with the Election Commission of India (ECI) at the time of election. Of these, maximum 12 MLAs are from UP follwed by and West Bengal with seven MLAs each, reveals a study conducted by the Association of Democratic Reforms(ADR), an umbrella body of civil society organisations working for probity and transparency in politics. The study is based on the details provided by the MLAs and MPs to ECI while filing their nomination for the elections.In UP, six MLAs have declared rape charges pending against them. Of these six, four are from UP, which include three from the ruling Samajwadi Party (SP) and one from Bahujan Samaj Party(BSP). The SP MLAs include Guddu Pandit (MLA from Debai), Anoop Sanda(Sultanpur) and Manoj Kumar Paras(Nagina). BSP MLA, Aleem Khan from Bulandshahr, is also facing rape charges. The two MLAs facing similar charge from other states are Bhartiya Janta Party's Jethabhai G Ahir from Gujarat and Telgu Desham Party's Kandikunta Venkata Prasad from Andhra Pradesh.Other than these six MLAs, there are 36 MLAs who have declared that they have other charges of crimes against women such as outraging the modesty of a woman, assault, insulting the modesty of a woman etc. Of these 36 MLAs, six are from Congress, five from BJP and three from SP. Further, two Members of Parliament(MPs), Semmalai S of ADMK from the Salem constituency in Tamil Nadu and Adhikari Suvendu of AITC from the Tamluk constituency in West Bengal, have declared that they have charges of crimes against women, such as cruelty and intent to outrage a woman's modesty etc.Around 287 candidates, who have declared that they have charges of crime against women, contested legislative assembly elections held in the last five years in various states. The charges include rape, outraging the modesty of a woman, assault, insulting the modesty of a woman etc\u00e2\u20ac\u201d 72 candidates were independent, 24 were given tickets by the BJP, 26 candidates were fielded by the Congress, the BSP gave tickets to 18 and the SP to 16. Maximum number of such candidates contesting elections were from Maharasthra(41), followed by Uttar Pradesh(37) and West Bengal(22).Further, around 27 candidates who declared that they have been charged with rape, ten were from UP and five from Bihar. In UP, while SP gave tickets to five candidates facing rape charges, BJP and BSP fielded two each. However, of total twenty-seven, six won the elections, of which four are from UP.In the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, political parties had given tickets to six candidates who declared that they have been charged with rape. Of these, one each were from RPP, RCP, BSP, JMM and two were independent candidates. Out six candidates facing rape charges, three were from Bihar , one each from Delhi, UP and Andhra Pradesh.Apart from these six candidates with rape charges, 34 other contesting candidates in 2009 declared that they have charges of crimes against women. Maximum cases of crimes against women are against candidates from Bihar(9), followed by Maharashtra(6) and UP(5).The ADR has strongly recommend that political parties should stop giving tickets to candidates with criminal backgrounds and who have been charged with serious crimes like murder, attempt to murder, especially crimes against women such as rape.It also said that on one hand parties condemn crime against women while speaking in the parliament but on the other by giving tickets to candidates who have been charged with crimes against women, particularly rape, they parties in a way have been abetting crime. Candidates with a criminal background should be debarred from contesting elections and political parties should be forced to disclose the criteria on which candidates are given tickets. Cases against MPs and MLAs should be fast tracked and decided upon in a time bound manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17700653", "title": "Adivasi body sets terms for backing Cong in rural polls", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The All Adivasi Students' Association of Assam (Aasaa) has threatened that the adivasis of the state will not vote for the Congress in the ensuing panchayat elections if the present government fails to take necessary steps to enlist the adivasis of Assam in the ST List.The Kokrajhar district committee of AASAA on Thursday staged a three-hour dharna in front of the deputy commissioner's office here demanding ST status to adivasi communities, including santals, oraons and mundas. They also sought a clarification as to why the adivasis of Assam were not accorded the ST status from the office of the Registrar General of India.They submitted a memorandum with a 10-point charter of demand to chief minister Tarun Gogoi through the DC. In the memorandum, the tribal body highlighted that the adivasis of other parts of the country have been enjoying the ST status, but the adivasis of Assam were denied ST status. They also said the adivasis, including the tea tribes, should be given their constitutional right and privileges in Assam.AASAA vice president Rejan Horo said the state's adivasis will be compelled to launch a mass movement if the government fails to grant ST status to them within December 31 and the movement will start from early 2013.He said, \"We are neither Pakistanis nor Bangladeshis, but citizens of India. We deserve equal rights and privileges.\" He added that the adivasis will not vote for the Congress in the forthcoming panchayat elections in Assam if the government fails to take appropriate measures to include them in the ST list.AASAA Kokrajhar district committee publicity secretary Lakhi Kanta Uraon said they will be forced to take up arms if the state government fails to initiate steps for enlisting adivasis in the ST list within December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17701938", "title": "Bank staff strike work", "text": "MANGALORE: Employees of both private and public sector banks responding to a call from All India Bank Employees' Association, All India Bank Officers' Association and Bank Employees' Federation of India struck work on Thursday.About 5 lakh employees and officers took part in the strike across the country. They were protesting against anti-people and anti-employee banking reforms of the Union government.These amendments were adapted to the existing Banking Regulation Act on December 18 by the Centre despite strong protests from several political parties who said they are against the people of India at large and totally pro-corporate.The strike is also to lodge the protest of the employees against an amendment which has increased the voting rights of shareholders in the private sector banks from 10% to 26% and from 1% to 10% in public sector banks and also against the changes brought by the amendment to the SARFAESI Act through which non-performing assets of wilful defaulters in the banks will be converted as equity of the wilful defaulters.Instead of taking stringent action against wilful defaulters and confiscating their property which is mortgaged to bank, the government is now bailing them out by converting their loans as shares held in equity by the lending banks.At the call of the South Kanara District Bank Employees' Association, more than 500 employees gathered in front of Canara Bank, Circle Office, Balmatta Road here and staged a demonstration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17702171", "title": "Govt-run Parala Maharaja Engineering College awaits AICTE affiliation", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The future of government-run Parala Maharaja Engineering College (PMEC) at Sitalapali, on the outskirts of the town, hangs in balance as the four-year-old institution is yet to get affiliation from All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).The first batch of 240 students, who are going to pass out in the next 4 to 5 months, fear they would be deprived of government jobs for lack of AICTE affiliation, which is mandatory to run any technical institution. \"We may not be able to appear for GATE too,\" they said.The college started functioning from 2008 and is affiliated to Biju Patnaik University of Technology (BPUT). It has four undergraduate courses such as computer science and engineering, mechanical, civil and electrical engineering with the intake capacity of 60 in each stream.Recently, a group of students meet Governor M C Bhandare and put forth their grievances. \"We had approached the vice chancellor, BPUT on May 28. We also staged a stir on August 27 demanding AICTE affiliation for the college,\" said two students Amit Tripathy and A R Mohanty.The students are upset over non-functioning of the placement cell and shortage of teaching staff in the college. The college has 26 regular teaching staff against the sanctioned strength of 37. It requires around 70 teachers as per AICTE norms.The college authorities, however, said they were in process of getting AICTE affiliation. \"We are inviting the AICTE team to visit the college campus,\" said principal B B Maharathi. \"We have also sent another reminder to AICTE, through the BPUT on Thursday,\" he added.He also said a placement cell has already been set up in the college. \"We have approached several companies and expect to conduct a campus placement,\" Maharathi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17700524", "title": "2-day Indore management association conclave from Jan 19", "text": "INDORE: The Indore management association (IMA) on Thursday announced its 22nd international management conclave, to be held for two days starting from January 19. The theme of the conclave this year will be 'Transforming Leadership - Getting Future Ready'. Conclave co-chairman Vijay Goyal said, \"more than a 1000 entrepreneurs, CEOs, thinkers, academicians and more than 3000 management students are expected to participate in the event.Giving information about the conclave's theme, president of the association Shamit Dave said future-readiness can be ushered in by transformational leaders, who will have to be visionaries, inspiring and risk-takers. They will have to innovate and create business opportunities with out-of-box thinking.Sharing the list of speakers invited on the occasion, Amit Bidasaria, honorary secretary of IMA said, N.R Narayana Murthy, founder and chairman Emeritus, Infosys Ltd, Dr Kumar Mangalam Birla , chairman, Aditya Birla Group would be the guest speakers. Besides, more than a dozen speakers will be addressing the gathering on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17700873", "title": "Pattali Makkal Katchi floats new platform to get SC/ST Act amended", "text": "MADURAI: Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK) leader, S Ramadoss, on Thursday floated a new forum comprising intermediate caste groups for preventing inter-caste love marriages and to fight for the amendments in the SC/ST Act. The meeting, where he presided over was attended by 51 non-dalit outfits and the forum was named as 'All Community Forum to Fight for the Amendments in Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act and Prevent Inter-caste Fake Love Marriages'. Under this forum, they will be fighting for the protection of their women who are allegedly lured into fake marriages between dalit and non-dalit communities, which are used to extort money from the caste Hindu communities later. They will also be sensitising their girls and communities regarding such fake marriages. On January 24, the forum will demonstrate at all district headquarters, Ramadoss announced.Interacting with media persons, Ramadoss flayed inter-caste love marriages stating they are used as fake marriages to extort money from non-dalit families by a particular dalit outfit.\"We are not against love marriages or inter-caste marriages,\" Ramadoss reiterated when he interacted with media persons but quickly lashed back stating that there is no such thing called true love or divine love. \"Let the Dravidian or Socialist parties that propagate inter-caste marriages show how much they have implemented it in their own homes or party,\" he commented. \"We are not against the inter-caste harmony. Those who want to arrest me on charges of ruining social harmony are either lunatics or persons who don't know me,\" he said.Ramadoss also demanded that the statutory age of marriage for women be raised to 21 from 18 and for men to be raised to 23. In case the marriages are to be held below this age, parents' permission should be made mandatory, he said.The meeting passed five resolutions such as amending the SC/ST Act to make arrest under the Act bailable and to form a committee headed by a judicial magistrate to study the authenticity of a complaint. If the complaint is found to be false or motivated, the complainant should be given stringent punishment. The young women who are 'lured' into love marriages by dalits should be protected and they should be sensitised in this regard. The police should create a special branch to prevent harassment of girls and ladies special buses should be operated in all the districts like Chennai. A probe by a retired high court judge should be ordered to investigate fake inter-caste marriages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17698991", "title": "Angioplasty performed with absorbable stents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Surgeons for the first time in the city used fully absorbable stents, Bioresorbable Vascular Scaffold, which get dissolved in a year or so, to treat blocked arteries. This development could reduce possible complications like formation of blood clots from the use of metallic stents, officials said.The Apollo Hospital and the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) announced on Thursday that their respective teams of interventional cardiologists performed angioplasty using this fully absorbable stent for the first time in India. At Apollo Hospital, the stent was implanted on a 35-year-old man on Thursday. Calling it a major milestone, Dr P C Rath, interventional cardiologist of Apollo Hospital, said that the non-metallic stent provides support to the vessel until the artery can stay open on its own and then dissolves naturally with time. The absorbable stent was implanted on a 65-year-old woman at Nims on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17700587", "title": "Four houses up in flames in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: At least four houses were reportedly gutted in a fire at New Seppa in east Kameng district on Wednesday night.Though no casualty has been reported yet, household properties worth lakhs of rupees were reduced to ashes in the midnight blaze rendering the families of Madu Lamgu, Rupa Bacha, Fem Lamgu and Harang Bacha homeless.Locals in Seppa said the fire broke out at 12.15 am from one of the house's kitchen fireplace, but it came to the knowledge of residents after 15 minutes. However, the exact cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17699443", "title": "Gujarat election result: Congress whitewashed in Surat", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17702022", "title": "Coffee tastes best without milk", "text": "MYSORE: Coffee - a social glue and an elixir of life -- is best enjoyed only when sipped without milk, said Cafe Coffee Day's (CCD) coffee expert Sam Rozario.Speaking to TOI after kick-starting a month-long Coffee Festival at CCD outlets in the city, he said: \"Adding milk to coffee kills its real taste. In the USA, a coffee lover drinks 13 cups a day, while an Indian drinks only 4-5 cups. They prefer black coffee in a big mug.\"Coffee consumption in India is on the rise, he feels. \"Many are switching to coffee from tea, as they feel it more relaxing. It has a lot of demand in south India, while north Indians prefer to begin their day with a cup of tea,\" Sam said.Sam also said that the purpose of the festival is to help coffee lovers indulge in it, and take back home a new cafe experience. \"Coffee is becoming a bigger part of our lifestyle. Sipping coffee is at centre of several conversations, be it in cafes or at home,\" he added.\"Youngsters in 17-30 age group like cold coffee. However, they are not interested to know what coffee is all about,\" he said. Sam demonstrated how to make an enjoyable cuppa using a plunger and stovetop espresso maker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17700054", "title": "Sadly, the torment begins at home", "text": "JAIPUR: Most of the Mahila Salah Evam Suraksha Kendra (MSESK) that were set up by the state government in each district report more than 500 cases of violence against women every year. A majority of the cases are related to domestic violence.At the first MSESK set up in the state situated at Gandhi Nagar police station in Jaipur, the cases filed since January till date are 535. Majority of the cases were related to domestic violence but there were couple of cases related to rape. As many as 38 MSESK have been set up by the state government, which are operated by various NGOs.The NGOs running the MSESK at police stations claimed that there are around 140 kinds of violence which take place against women in the state. Social activist Renuka Pamecha said, \"We have found that there are 140 kinds of violence against women. But, the safety and security of women has not taken the face of challenging social issue. Among the 140 types of violence against women are outraging modesty, domestic violence and rape.\" Pamecha's NGO is running two out of the five MSESK centres in the city.Even though hundreds of cases are being reported at MSESKs in the state, the social activists claimed that many women do not register complaints of outraging modesty. MSESK (situated at Dhabaiji Ki Haveli in the Walled City) counsellor Pushpa Saini said, \"In city buses, there are hundreds of women who face outraging of modesty, but they do not report it. When we organize our meetings in nearby colonies, the women and girls share their experiences of facing different kinds of crime against them but they did not report them in police and also in our MSESK centres due to social stigma.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701546", "title": "Mad race for the office of vice-chancellors", "text": "PATNA: Even as the \"axed\" vice-chancellors of different universities have been given some respite, albeit temporarily, by governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar, a mad race for the coveted offices of the vice-chancellors and pro-vice-chancellors is already on. Scores of academics have already submitted their biodata for the chancellor's consideration.As per the judgment of the Patna high court, the chancellor is supposed to submit to the state government a panel of names within a month, i.e. by January 7, for appointment to the posts of VCs and pro-VCs of different universities. With the cancellation of the appointment of six VCs and four pro-VCs by the high court, altogether 18 posts, including that of 10 VCs and 8 pro-VCs, have to be filled up in different universities. This means the chancellor is supposed to recommend as many as 54 names (three names for each post).Since there is no provision for selection of VCs and pro-VCs by a duly-constituted search committee either at the level of the state government or the chancellor and even the Patna high court has remained silent on this issue, the chancellor will himself apply his mind in the selection of new incumbents. The state government will then peruse the panel sent by the chancellor and suggest changes, if any. The chancellor may or may not accept the \"changes\" and he may appoint any one from the panel, ignoring the government's advice.Academics feel some of the existing VCs and pro-VCs may find their names in the new panel and may also be reappointed for a fresh term of three years. The high court has not made any remark on the merit of the existing incumbents and, hence, there should not be any objection if the same set of VCs and pro-VCs is reappointed \"in consultation\" with the state government, they say.Meanwhile, more than 50 academics, including some former VCs, have already submitted their resumes to the chancellor's office, said a Raj Bhavan source, adding that more and more applications are pouring in every day. Many of these aspirants have also submitted their applications to the state education department as they do not want to take any risk. A fairly large number of university teachers and retired bureaucrats have already started queuing up at the darbars of their political godfathers for occupying the coveted office.It may be mentioned here that the appointment of VCs in Bihar has remained a complicated issue for the last one decade. In 2004, in an interesting development, the outgoing VCs of different universities had been directed by the state government to receive applications from the 'deserving' teachers of their respective universities for appointment of their successors and forward the same to the state government. The \"outgoing\" VCs had received hundreds of applications from the aspirants, including a fresh graduate.Again, in 2006, the then governor, R S Gavai, had interviewed hundreds of applicants individually for the selection of VCs and pro-VCs. But the final appointments were made by the governor in consultation with the state government. However, the trouble arose during the regime of the present governor as he completely ignored the panel submitted by the state government and appointed VCs and pro-VCs on his own, said a senior teacher of Patna University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17701928", "title": "Admission agent confesses to links with medical colleges", "text": "PATIALA: In what appears to be a scam in medical admissions, spread across various states of the country, a Delhi-based admission agent, brought by Patran city police from Tihar jail on Wednesday, has confessed his links with many medical colleges in the country.\"Piyush Bharat Saini has confessed that he has been in touch with managements of many medical colleges of various states. He used to collect donations in the names of colleges from MBBS admission aspirants,\" said Patran city SHO, Birbal Singh. They would start investigations about the involvement of colleges, he said.Saini was brought to Patran following a case against him registered on the complaint of Kiranjit Singh, a resident of Sangrur. Saini had allegedly demanded Rs 40 lakh from Singh for admission of his daughter Chahat Sekhon in a medical college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699657", "title": "Women commuters' thumbs up to Starbus safety", "text": "NAGPUR: The sexual assault on a girl in a moving bus in New Delhi has shocked the country. With thousands of women using buses within the city and thousands more travelling from adjoining towns for either studies or work, the concern is universal. However, females travelling in city's Starbus service say they feel very safe.Sweety Yadav is a student from Kamptee who commutes daily to the city. \"I have been travelling for over a year on this route but never have I been a victim of eve teasers. None of my friends has been a victim either, so I think this bus service is very safe for women,\" she said. Another student agreed saying Starbus is a safe option. \"I have travelled during late evenings as well but no one has ever misbehaved with me,\" said Neha Rathi.Shefali Ansari (name changed) says one reason for this safe environment is the invisible community bond that develops between commuters. \"We travel daily at almost the same time and hence everyone knows each other by face. A few become friends too and that creates a safety net,\" she said. Psychiatrist Dr Kausar Abbasi agrees that being together is always a comforting factor. \"It is a daily routine and is almost like being friends with everyone on the bus. Even a person with pervert tendencies will be wary of creating problems where people recognize his face,\" said Abbasi.But does it mean no female has ever encountered eve teasing in buses? No, it just means no one has officially complained to the authorities about it. In a crowded bus most perverts can get away with their misdemeanour and hence keep repeating the offence. Dr Abbasi said, \"sexual paraphilia is a condition in which the pervert gets pleasure by rubbing his body with those of females. There are people who board the bus during peak hours just to indulge in such practices.\"Sanket Pande, general manager of city bus service, said, \"our staff has given us feedback about certain routes and timings when problems occur. When school ends in late afternoon, the buses leaving Sitabuldi are full and the problems of groping do occur. We suggested to schools they can stagger their timings so there is no maddening rush but it was not possible.\"He added that Starbus may soon operate women-only bus service at certain timings. \"We cannot have a dedicated 24 hour service but we have data on peak timings and notorious bus routes. We are in the process of allocating certain departures only for women. Some of our conductors and ticket checkers are women as well to boost female commuters' morale,\" said Pande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700239", "title": "Himachal win helps Congress deny BJP front-runner tag for 2014", "text": "NEW DELHI: Himachal Pradesh may seem a smaller prize than Gujarat, but it will serve Congress well in signaling that it has not been dealt out of the 2014 stakes as a double defeat would have sent the party's stock into a freefall.The Delhi chess board remains loaded against UPA with BJP celebrating its Gujarat victory and even allies and outside supporters barely masking their glee over Congress's discomfiture in the saffron bastion. But losing Himachal would have robbed Congress of any silver lining, wafer thin as it may be.Congress leaders were quick to claim that Narendra Modi was denied a \"landslide\" in Gujarat while politics as normal in the hill state shows BJP's claims to governance can be challenged and the Centre's incumbency will not whitewash a poor report card.In as much as state results impact national politics, BJP could still consider holding an edge over Congress but the perception of being a clear front-runner will elude it. Whispers of \"family raj\" having hurt BJP in Himachal will be worrying as recent Lok Sabha polls have tended to be an agglomerate of state results.The equation at the Centre still seems stalemated with an embattled Congress down but not out and BJP yet to surge ahead, held back by a confused pecking order, exit of Karnataka strongman B S Yeddyurappa and controversies like the Purti group case.The upside for BJP is that no coalition of regional parties or any sort of third front seems likely. It remains the most likely replacement for Congress, although Modi's mammoth poll effort and BJP's comprehensive defeat in Himachal indicate voters can't be taken for granted.It's a long haul for BJP while Congress would look to score with programmes like cash transfers and a good Budget, hoping a pick up in the economy allows it vital elbow room to roll out populist entitlements that seemed to have worked in UPA-I.Congress's allies will not hasten any plans of looking for an alternate anchor just yet and the party can hope to build on the passage of some economic bills in the winter session to try and dispel the impression that governance has frozen.This will need BJP's cooperation and the reciprocation seen over the quota in promotions bill in the Rajya Sabha needs a degree of humility and pragmatism.BJP and Congress will continue to probe one another for vulnerabilities, but there are likely to be several more jousts before the big showdown slated for 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17701516", "title": "Govt moves to speed up 'Pura' project", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Aiming to speed up the implementation of Provision of Urban Amenities in Rural Areas (Pura) project in Tirurangadi, the urban affairs ministry has appointed an executive engineer exclusively for the coordination of the project works. The decision was taken in a meeting regarding the project at the Kerala Institute of Local Administration (Kila) in Thrissur on Thursday.Though Union urban affairs minister Jairam Ramesh had inaugurated the model project in Tirurangadi in February, the project has not been implemented yet. The project envisages providing urban facilities in rural areas. Ministers from the district and E T Muhammed Basheer, MP, had also intervened in the issue.The project is expected to take off in January with the appointment of the coordinator. 'Pura' project was designed the ministry of rural development, to provide superior municipal services in rural areas. Unlike the conventional model of rural development, the project aims at creating economic activity and delivery of services on par with urban standards.During the first phase, water supply schemes will be implemented, besides installing solar streetlights along the entire stretch of roads -- 23.5km in total -- passing through the panchayat. Also, a 1.5-km road, linking Karimbil Junction on National Highway 17 to Chullikkappara, will also be constructed.Panchayat president V T Ahammed Kutty Haji said the tender process related to various works can be started soon under the supervision of the new official.Inkel was also entitled to create avenues of revenue such as village-linked tourism, integrated rural hub, warehousing, agricultural service centre and other rural economy-based projects, in the next two phases at Tirurangadi. the project will get a new lease of life with the new decision and", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata ", "code": "17698829", "title": "Better business opportunity for private players in the defence sector", "text": "KOLKATA :The business opportunity for private players in the defence sector in West Bengal could be between Rs 50,000 and Rs 80,000 crore over next 10 years.Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers (GRSE) chairman and managing director A K Verma said that the eastern region and West Bengal in particular has a strong presence of SME which can fetch business worth Rs 50,000-Rs 80,000 crore out of estimated Rs 6,00,000 crore opportunity in the defence sector over the next 10 years.Speaking at the occasion, Partha Chatterjee, state commerce and industries minister said, \"The government of West Bengal, under the visionary leadership of chief minister Mamata Banerjee , is persistently and steadfastly working to create an atmosphere, an ambience, a culture that will catalyze both businesses and industry.\"\"As India's spending on modernizing and indigenizing of our defence equipment has risen substantially over the years, I am sure, the scale of the demand for state-of-the art equipment in this sector will usher in a whole new era,\" added Chatter.Speaking at II organized defence conclave, Verma said the small-scale industries involved in the defence ancillary industry would also benefit from this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17700343", "title": "Sawai Mansingh Stadium to host IPL 6 matches", "text": "JAIPUR: The deadlock over Sawai Mansingh Stadium is finally set to be broken. On the wee hours of Wednesday, the Rajasthan state government issued an order stating that the SMS will be available for the Indian Premier League 6.The government also made it clear that the Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA) will be able to conduct the IPL and be able to play host to the national and international matches. The government order also stated that the RCA will be able to conduct matches in Udaipur, Jodhpur, Ajmer and Kota as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700101", "title": "Deft handling by prosecution speeds up trial in rape cases, legal experts say", "text": "MUMBAI: Four months after legal advisor Pallavi Purkayastha was brutally attacked and murdered by her building security guard, the case has been committed to a Sewri fast-track court. While charges are yet to be framed, the next formal date of hearing is January 5.\"After the next date, it will be decided when charges will be framed. Special public prosecutor Ujjawal Nikam has been assigned to the case,\" a crime branch official said. On August 9, 2012, Pallavi (25) was found dead by her live-in partner, Avik Sengupta, at their flat in Wadala's Himalayan Heights. The accused, building watchman Sajjad Ahmed Mughal (28) in his confession statement told cops that he committed the murder after Pallavi fought him when he tried to force himself on her.However, legal experts say committing a case to a fast track court does not necessarily lead to a speedy pronouncement of judgment, as in the case of the Amboli double murders. Although assigned to a fast track court, charges were framed only in October this year and trial is yet to commence. On October 20, 2011, Keenan Santos (24) and Reuben Fernandez (29) were killed by a group of men when the two protested to the harassment of their female friends.Public prosecutor Neelima Kasture, who handled several rape cases, many of which had speedy redressal despite being heard in regular courts, believes deft handling of cases by the prosecution is essential. \"I always ensure the draft charges are ready as soon as the case brief is handed to me. Once the accused gets a lawyer I seek the quickest possible date for hearing,\" she said. Kasture further blamed delay in receiving chemical analysis and DNA reports, which are crucial evidence. \"A charge-sheet in rape cases is to be filed within 60 days, lowering this to 45 days can ensure speedier trial,\" Kasture said.Many experts blame delays on the defence which seeks repeated adjournments. \"Often when the defence realises evidence against the accused is strong, they seek adjournments as a delay tactic,\" public prosecutor Pradeep Gharat said.One of the most shocking cases in recent times was of a nine-year-old girl found murdered and raped in Kurla's Nehru Nagar in 2010, for which a cable operator's employee Javed Shaikh was arrested. Trial commenced in September 2010 and Gharat said so far the prosecution has examined 26 witnesses. \"The defence took around six months to cross-examine the DNA expert. Trial is now expected to be completed in two months, with just a few more witnesses to go,\" he said. However, defence advocate Amin Solkar said the delay was because the judge hearing the case was transferred and a new judge assigned to the case. \"I will file an application seeking a transfer of the case to another court as my client fears he is not going to get a fair trial,\" Solkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17701940", "title": "Infosys BPO sees spate of senior execs exit", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys BPO has seen a number of senior level exits in the last few months. Some attribute it to changes following the assignment of a more direct responsibility for the BPO business to the company's former CFO V Balakrishnan. Others say there has been unhappiness among senior executives because the company did not give them a salary increment this year. Increments were given only to junior and mid-level staff.Suranjan Pramanik, global business head for high-tech, manufacturing and resources, and Purnima Menon, head of marketing, quit the company in the last two-three months. Pramanik was responsible for driving growth of manufacturing, the largest business unit at Infosys BPO. He previously held several leadership roles with Infosys Technologies.Raj Reddy, associate VP and head of global talent planning in Infosys BPO, moved to CSS as SVP and chief HR officer (global) in November this year. Around the same time, Ayan Chakraborty, AVP and Philippines country manager, moved out of Infosys BPO to join TCS e-Serve International as a senior VP and head of new and emerging business.Michael Wong , delivery head of BPO business in China, responsible for client relations, business development and P&L; accountability, quit the company a few months back. Ritesh Idnani, COO of Infosys BPO, had left in May to join ISGN, a US-based technology firm offering software solutions to financial services firms offering mortgage. Infosys spokesperson said, \" I would like to clarify that the information you have shared of exits has inaccuracies. Therefore, we believe the premise of your story is incorrect and we decline to comment on the story.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17699815", "title": "Daughter's death still ravages mother", "text": "BANGALORE: Seven years is too short a time for any mother to get over her daughter's death. And if death happens to come the way it came to BPO employee Pratibha Srikantamurthy, who was raped and murdered by a cab driver employed to ferry her to work, trauma could be the mother's companion for a lifetime.Pratibha's mother Gowramma says life has become a burden for her ever since the tragedy hit the family on that cold December day in 2005.\"The man, Shivakumar, who raped my daughter, is living in the safe confines of prison. But my life is an everyday hell. I am ravaged every moment by the memory of the brutal end he meted out to my daughter who was in the prime of her youth at 27,\" Gowramma said.As she battles the sea of emotions welling up inside her, Gowramma clams up, declining to utter a word more. Pratibha was the only daughter of the widow in her late 50s. Gowramma is now being taken care of by her elder brother S Srinivas Murthy.Speaking on Gowramma's behalf, Murthy told TOI that rapists should be awarded capital punishment. \"Rape is a heinous crime. Those convicted of rape should be hanged,\" he said.Srinivas feels that fast-track courts should take up rape cases. \"The trial should be completed at the earliest and the guilty be given maximum punishment. Only then will a strong message be sent to society. Such messages avert future crimes,\" Srinivas said.He said police should be extremely careful while filing the chargesheet in rape cases. \"The entire case is dependent on the contents of the chargesheet,\" he observed.Srinivas, however, does not buy the argument that rapists may kill their victims to remove evidence if it is declared that the crime entails capital punishment. \"Criminals need to know what punishment awaits them for their misdeeds,\" he added.PLANNED CRIMEPratibha Srikantamurthy, an employee with a BPO of the HP group, was waiting for her company cab to pick her up for work on December 13, 2005.Shivakumar, who occasionally picked her up, turned up instead of the regular driver, saying he had been told to pick her up. An unsuspecting Pratibha boarded the cab, but Shivakumar drove her in another direction, pulled her out of the car, raped her and slit her throat. Her body was found later amid some bushes. Pratibha was married to Srinivas Shetty, a private company employee, was found amid bushes later.A fast-track court awarded life sentence to Shivkumar five years after the crime was committed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17704696", "title": "Olympic controversy takes sheen off a few fantastic tennis feats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Some fine individual achievements were pushed out of public memory as a shattered Olympic dream, wrecked primarily by avoidable ego clashes, hogged the spotlight in a turbulent year for Indian tennis.Ageing star Leander Paes began 2012 with a bang as he completed his career Slam by grabbing the Australian Open with new partner Radek Stepanek in January.Sania Mirza won her second Grand Slam when she triumphed at the mixed doubles event of the French Open with Mahesh Bhupathi and remained a force on the WTA tour at least in doubles.Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna won a few titles together and also qualified for the year-end high profile ATP World Tour Finale in London.These were no mean achievements and deserved accolades but in the end, the fans would remember 2012 for the bitter bickering between these very players ahead of the London Olympics.It cannot be claimed that India would have certainly won the Olympic medal had Bhupathi and Paes played together instead of playing with different partners and had Bhupathi and Sania competed in the mixed doubles.But the way teams were picked, the players fought over the combination and the way the All India Tennis Association handled or rather allowed the situation to go out of hand, was upsetting and disturbing.Team events in sports is all about players' chemistry and it defied logic when AITA broke the Grand Slam winning mixed combination of Bhupathi and Sania.It all started when Bhupathi and Bopanna rebutted the original selection and refused to team up with Paes. AITA had to budge under pressure at that time but took revenge by throwing out both of them from the Davis Cup team.Bhupathi, who earned the distinction of becoming the first player of the country to win a Grand Slam, is now fighting a court battle to get his suspension revoked.Bhupathi has already declared that year 2013 would be his last as a professional player and suspension from national representation is not what a legend deserves in the twilight of his career.Bopanna, who is fast becoming a pillar for India in Davis Cup, has no clue if he will be able to represent his country.In fact, this mess, the biggest loser is Bopanna since both Paes and Bhupathi are past their prime and have achieved phenomenal success in their respective careers.Once these players exit from the scene, the youngsters will have to shoulder the responsibility of taking Indian tennis forward.The men's tennis scene still looks okay with Somdev Devvarman , Vishnu Vardhan, Yuki Bhambri, Sanam Singh and Divij Sharan but dismayingly there is no one to get into the shoes of Sania in the women's circuit.These youngsters, however, have performed well only at the Challenger level and are yet to make a mark at one notch up, the Tour competition.Left-handed Divij was exceptional, reaching eight finals and winning two titles -- one each with Yuki and Vishnu. He also broke into the top-100 on the back of his stellar run on Challenger tour and later did well in the Davis Cup tie against New Zealand.Vishnu though rose in stature after his tremendous show at the Olympics, where he played unexpectedly well with Paes. He did not drop his serve even once during their campaign.Both Somdev and Yuki had raised big hopes when they broke into the scene but for several reasons, including injuries, they have not quite fulfilled the expectations.Somdev missed out on almost the entire season due to his shoulder surgery and struggled badly on his comeback.During the Davis Cup tie against the Kiwis, India achieved a rare whitewash but the Indian youngsters were far from dominating in the 5-0 win.The big players were missed badly as Paes, Somdev opted out whereas Bhupathi and Bopanna were axed following disciplinary action for the rebel act.Year 2013 would be crucial for Indian tennis since in all probability it will be the last for Paes as well. It is required that the future players learn enough from these legends.The likes of Paes and Bhupathi cannot be replaced since players of their stature come in generations but they are required for guidance so that the transition is smooth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700034", "title": "Why Australia, Sweden have more rapes", "text": "NEW DELHI: If we were to go only by numbers, Australia and Sweden would seem to be the rape capitals of the world, with women being most unsafe in these countries.Of course, the definition of rape differs from country to country and that, coupled with how well the crime is reported and recorded, determines what the numbers are finally going to look like.This difference in definition would explain why countries like India figure as nations with very low incidence of rape compared to places like Sweden or even Norway and France. For, the case of rape against Julian Assange in Sweden would not even be counted as rape in India.Moreover, in most countries, even in the developed world, rape is listed as one of the most under-reported crimes. This would be even more so in countries like India. In most countries, the increase in the number of rape cases is often the result of a broadening of the definition of rape, which could explain why some countries like Sweden and Norway show a spike in the crime.Along with the changes in definition, many of the countries have instituted reforms which were expected to help improve the conviction rate of sexual crimes. Reforms in rape laws have included greater reliance on the evidence of women and children compared to a time when corroboration was required in rape trials. Definition of consent, rape shield law, which limits what the defence can ask you about your prior sexual history, and outdated notions about signs of physical struggle being indicative of rape being changed have helped victims in pursuing justice.It seems to have worked for some countries like the UK where it has been reported that conviction rate for rape is 58%. In the US, in 2010, the arrest rate for rape was just 24%. In Sweden, the conviction rate is as low as 10%, among the lowest in Europe. In comparison, India has an average rape conviction rate of 26%. The importance of conviction rates is that victims and the general public have often stated that low conviction rates make them hesitate to report rape as they have little faith in the legal system to deliver justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17701510", "title": "Tribals of 800 villages losing out on their rightful benefits", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Suribabu, a Kondu tribal from the PTG ( primitive tribal group) segment of China Burugu village in Ananthagiri, is left with no land to till as his one acre land has been \"taken over\" by a contractor from the plains who now plans to build a farm house on it.After running from pillar to post for about six months he realised that though he is a PTG, his village has not been notified under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. And for villages that are not notified, the tribals do not enjoy the constitutional rights such as right to reservation, right to forest produce, right to minerals and the all important Forest Rights Act.\"Taking advantage of this aspect the contractor took away my land by producing fake documents. If our village was notified under the Fifth Schedule he would not have dared to do so,\" Suribabu lamented.Suribabu's is not a one off case. There are about five lakh such tribals living in 149 villages in the Visakhapatnam and East Godavari districts alone and many more living in 800 such villages that are not notified under the Fifth Schedule across the state.The survey of scheduled villages was conducted immediately after Independence. But it was later realised that many villages were left out. To pass on the benefits to tribals who had missed the bus, another survey was carried out in the mid 1970s and it was suggested that there were about 800 villages in AP that need to be notified as tribal villages under the Fifth Schedule.But the proposal to notify them has been kept pending. The central government had in the mid 1980s placed the proposal before the Union cabinet and after a detailed discussion, the cabinet had suggested some minor modifications and had asked the state government to agree to the same.It is believed that the state government received the final suggested changes from the Union ministry of tribal affairs more than five years ago, but the file appears to have run into red tape. \"If not acted upon fast, the tribals in these villages will be deprived of the benefits of the present sub-plan also,\" said a former bureaucrat.The proposal covers 800 villages including 1425 hamlets. In Visakhapatnam district, the villages fall under the mandals of Cheedikada, Golugonda, Madugula, Nathavaram, Rolugunta, Devarapalli and Ananthagiri. In East Godavari, the villages fall under the mandals of Sankhavaram, Prathipadu and Kotananduru.During his visit to the district earlier this week, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy announced the sanction of about Rs 4000 crore for development under the tribal sub-plan but he gave no indication of notifying these villages under the Fifth Schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701877", "title": "When words fail, a dot speaks volumes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Facebook post by a city student is an expression of the city's anguished response to the brutal Delhi gangrape. \"What never talks is never silent either,\" says the post of the student who is one of the many to have removed their profile picture and replaced it with a black oval dot. This is their way of campaigning against victimization of women.The campaign against harassment and rape started on Facebook and wats app on Wednesday night, with a number of city residents changing their profile picture to a black dot, symbolic of shame in a country where women are unsafe.According to Deeksha, a literature student of MCM DAV college, there are no words for her to express concern for the Delhi gangrape victim. \"A symbol works when words fail. This is the symbol of pain, injustice, anger and helplessness,\" she said. Akanksha Khandelwal, student of MCM DAV expressed her resentment saying such a crime raised questions not just on the morality but also the humanity of the perpetrators. Ankur Garg, a private sector employee in the city echoed her views saying, \"A black dot stands for more than just sympathy. It is a warning of the depths society is stooping to and the consequences of men acting worse than animals.\"For Ansh Monga, a student of SD College, the dot is a symbol of the slavish position of women in the society, where an attempt at being free can lead to severe retribution, if not from immediate family, then from just about anyone playing judge.BTech student Rahul, from Zirakpur wondered what it is that makes people reluctant to allow a woman her individuality and sense of self. He joined the campaign to do his bit to ensure dignity and freedom for women. The colour black reciprocates darkness, evil and danger, which is what men are headed to. \"A black dot signifies the presence of animal instincts that must be removed,\" said Nidhi Saini, a student of MCM DAV college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701835", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRadhika did not disclose her identity to peddlers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the death of college student Radhika Vashisht after a heroin overdose, the police registered an FIR on the statement of aspiring model Sweeti Sharma, who had introduced Radhika Vashisht to the drug peddler Gagandeep on December 17.Sweeti told the police that Radhika had snuffed two thin lines of the drug and later, had a beer on December 17 at the Sector 22 hotel. \"She did not disclose her identity and introduced herself as 'Trisha'. We did not know she was a student trying drugs for the first time,\" she added. According to the FIR, Radhika gave an assertive reply when Sweeti asked her about her interest in drugs, following which she gave her peddler Gagandeep's contact.After Radhika fell unconscious in the hotel room, numerous calls were made by Gagandeep to Sweeti's phone, who was then roaming around the city with her three male friends and did not bother to receive the call until about two hours, reads the FIR. Chandigarh police's move of not taking any action against Sweeti though she had also consumed drugs on December 17 has raised eyebrows. The police have recorded statement of the owner of the Sector 15 PG, where Radhika used to reside.The PG owner told the police that the deceased girl's father had scolded her for something when he visited her a few days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17701080", "title": "3 students shot at for resisting extortion bid", "text": "KANPUR: Three class XI students were shot at and critically injured when they protested extortion bid by a local goon in Lal Bangla area under the limits of Chakeri police station here on Thursday.According to reports, the incident took place on Thursday noon, when a local goon, Raja Babu, waylaid Vikas Singh (15), Himanshu Shukla (16) and Vivek (15) and tried to snatch cash and valuables from them. When the teens attempted his bid, the goon opened fire at them from a close range and fled in the by-lanes of the locality.On hearing gun shots, local people alerted the police control room following which the cops from nearby police outpost rushed to the spot and admitted the injured boys, who had sustained bullet wounds on waist, stomach and hand, to a local hospital.Sources said the incident took place after the boys protested against history-sheeter Raja Babu's routine extortion bid. \"All the three boys are residents of Sanigwan Colony and studying at an intermediate college in Harjindernagar Lal Bangla area. They are also pursuing English speaking course at a private institute in Lal Bangla area of the city. They have alleged that the extortionist, Raja Babu, fired at them after they resisted his attempts to loot cash and valuables from them,\" said a Chakeri police official.Vikas, Himanshu and Vivek, still cannot come to terms with the horror that befell them Thursday morning. The victims held their tears back to tell their account of the incident to the police. \"Owing to the goon's terror, none came to our help. Earlier also we had confronted him over the harassment and extortion demands and today the goon tried to kill us,\" said Vikas, one of the victims.The family members of the boys rushed to the spot and tension prevailed in the area after the incident. Manas Singh, a private contractor and father of the victim Vikas Singh, alleged that \"law and order has become a big problem in the area and goons are having a free run\". He demanded early arrest of the goon.A senior police officer assured the agitating family members of the boys that the rowdy would be arrested soon. However, no arrests were made in this connection till filing of the report.\"The motive behind the attack is extortion. A case of attempt to murder has been registered and investigation is on. Raids are being conducted to nab the culprit,\" said inspector D K Shahi. \"Extra police has been deployed in the area to maintaing peace and instill confidence in the locals.\"Sources said some accomplices of history-sheeter in the area are being questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701035", "title": "Buddha rally on Nandigram border", "text": "KOLKATA: For more than five years since the mass carnage on March 14, 2007, Nandigram remained a prohibited land to Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee and the top CPM leaders. But that is past. Bhattacharjee will be reaching out to Chandipur, bordering Reyapara in Nandigram Block II, on January 5 to address a public gathering. Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra will be accompanying him to the place.The occasion is the CPM's peasant wing - Pradeshik Krishak Sabha's - district conference. Bhattacharjee had been to the CPM east Midnapore party conference held at Tamluk, and also held a meeting on the Digha-Tamluk Road during the 2011 Assembly polls, but they were far off places from Nandigram.\"Our party will be holding a mass meeting at Chandipur on January 5. Buddhada and Surjya Kanta Mishra are the two main speakers,\" said CPM state secretariat member Rabin Deb, overseeing the party's East Midnapore unit. And this comes after Trinamool Congress MP from Tamluk urged upon the people to do to the CPM what they do when a \"poisonous snake\" sneaks into the room.Bhattacharjee is aware of the ground reality. He knows that scores of CPM leaders and organizers such as Asok Guria who hail from Reyapara are yet to get back to their home. But those who still swear by the red flag are still a number to reckon with. \"We suffered huge losses. But our vote support didn't dip below 50,000 as reflected in the Assembly bypolls and the 2011 Assembly polls. We need to renew the links,\" a district CPM leader said.Why so? The hands that had dug deep trenches in the villages against the red repression have got tired with the factional feuds in the Trinamool Congress that have spilled on to the streets. \"Yet people have not deserted the Trinamool Congress in Nandigram Block I. But the ground reality is changing in Block II,\" a Nandigram trader said. The open Trinamool feud and the disgust among the villagers have opened opportunities for the Left to test the waters.Signs of discontent were showing up among participants of the Bhumi Uchhed Pratirodh Committee (BUPC) soon after the Trinamool Congress came to power. Rebel Trinamool MP Kabir Suman narrated it in his book titled 'Nishaner Naam Tapasi Malik'. However, it meant little to the Trinamool supporters at the grassroots. They swore by the Adhikary family showing a red card to the CPM. The Trinamool Congress had a clean sweep in the panchayat and the Assembly polls, and Subhendu Adhikary aims at continuing with the trend.However, things are not like they were five years ago. Tasting power for two years, Nandigram Trinamool leaders - Shiekh Sufian and Abu Taher - are at daggers drawn with Taher's men being beaten up by those known to be close to Sufian. The wrangling match between the two has confused supporters spread over Sonachura, Garchakraberia, Gokulnagar, Satengabari - the names of villages that hit headlines during the land stir at Nandigram in 2007.CPM, on the other hand, is trying to consolidate its support base at Reyapara, Shamsabad and Golpukur in Nadigram Block II. The CPM's Krishak Sabha conference is being held close to these areas at Chandipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17700315", "title": "Bid to turn Upper Lake into polythene-free zone watered down", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) attempt of turning Upper Lake and Boat Club into a polythene- free zone seems to have lost steam. Visitors freely carry polythene bags and throw waste at roadside or dispose it of in the lake, polluting the water body.Interestingly, urban administration and development minister (UAD) Babulal Gaur had announced Upper Lake as a no-polythene zone in February 2010. After the announcement, the corporation made efforts to ban polythene bags in the area by installing check points at entrance of the boat club, conducting timely inspections at the Upper Lake and penalizing visitors using polythene bags and throwing waste in the lake.\"We are keeping a check on visitors from time to time. However, we will make this even more stricter as you have brought this problem to our notice,\" said BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava.However, considering the need of the shopkeepers, we have allowed the use of poly-bags for packed food, but, if used packets are thrown in the Upper Lake strict actions would be taken against shopkeepers as well as visitors, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17702029", "title": "Family X-mas recordings found after 110 years could be first-ever", "text": "LONDON: Curators at the National Museum of London have discovered what they believe to be the first ever recordings of a family Christmas .They were made 110 years ago by the Wall family who lived in New Southgate in North London. There are 24 clear recordings on wax cylinders which were made using a phonograph machine between 1902 and 1917.Music curators say the sound quality of the music recorded is outstanding, the BBC News reported.Cromwell and Minnie Wall had nine children, eight of whom appear on the recordings. All the recordings are bursting with vibrancy and life, according to Julia Hoffbrand , curator at the Museum of London who helped restore the recordings.\"When I first heard the recordings the hairs on my arms stood on end,\" she said. \"It was fantastic. We had an idea of what was on the recordings because Cromwell had written very full descriptions on the cylinder boxes but it was really like a window opening into the past,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17703400", "title": "Salman Khan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Dabangg 2, Sarocharu release today", "text": "Salman Khan-starrer Dabangg 2 and Ravi Teja's Sarocharu have hit the screens today. While Salman's Dabangg movie is releasing with umpteen expectations, Ravi Teja's film is coming silently. Early reviews of Dabangg 2 predict that the film will entertain all those who relish masala films and watch Salman Khan's hardcore antics.Arbaaz Khan, who makes his directorial debut with Dabangg 2, borrows a lot content from the 1970's and has customized it to suit the modern-day sensibilities. It seems Sonakshi too has done done well and provide the required oomph. Southern actor Prakash Raj's performance is also appreciated.Meanwhile Ravi Teja's Sarocharu has also started off on a positive note but it'll be interesting to see the fate of this film at the box office. Directed by Parasuram, the romantic entertainer has Kajal Aggarwal sharing the screen space with Ravi Teja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17701503", "title": "Are women in Vizag safe?", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Six months ago, Vizag was shaken up by an incident where two young girls were drugged and gang raped by four persons in a house in Pendurthi and the entire act was captured on camera to deter them from lodging a complaint with the police.But the girls were courageous enough to file a complaint and the culprits were arrested in no time. In this particular instance, the reason for the heinous act was said to be revenge. The girls were working in a small computer institute and when they demanded three months of pending pay they were given the marching orders by the owner of the computer institute. The upset girls gave the owner and his wife a mouthful. To take revenge against this insult, the owner and his wife invited the girls to their house on the pretext of a birthday bash and paying their arrears and the act was committed with the help of three other male friends after giving them soft drinks laced with sedatives.Though the city is considered to be a relatively safe place for women, crime against women has been on the rise, albeit marginally. The number of cases booked under IPC Section 498 A ( domestic violence) has gone up from 356 in the last year (2011-12) to 380 in the nine-month period from April to December 2012 points to this. And, according to a senior police officer, 48 rape cases have been recorded in the city this year (April-December 2012).However, police claim that these rape cases are primarily 'technical rapes', which according to them are cases of men duping women in the garb of love and then deserting them after having consensual sexual relationships. The number of cases in this segment has gone up from 35 in last year to 42 till date this year, they said.There were only five recorded direct rape cases this year, of which two were committed on mentally challenged destitute women. Last year too the figure of direct rape hovered around the same mark. But rape is not the only form of violence against women. The total number of cases of violence against women this year has already gone up to 500 till date (nine-month period) as compared to little over 600 cases in the entire last year.The violence can be categorized under various IPC sections and categories such as Section 354 (physical abuse or outrage of modesty), Section 509 (eve teasing or verbal abuse), Section 498A (domestic violence and dowry harassment), Section 304 B (suspicious death within 7 years of marriage and demand for dowry) and Section 306 (abetment to commit suicide).Sources within the police point out that the figures, especially concerning molestation cases, are low because many go unreported for the factor of stigma associated with it. The figures recorded under Sections 354 and 304B are 10 each with a marginal two per cent increase over last year.However, one alarming trend coming to the fore in the Vizag area, said a senior police officer from the crime department, is the spurt in molestation of minor girls.Be it rape or molestation, while the city is safer, such cases are recorded more in the Agency areas that have seen around five cases of molestation of minors in tribal hostels this year. \"A Std VIII girl was found to be pregnant last year and a 42-year-old teacher was held responsible. The age of the victims vary between 5 and 13, and the rapist age is normally beyond 30. There was a similar case in Vizianagram district a month ago,\" said a police officer from the rural range.\"This is a city of settlers and basically we (police department) are fortunate that the residents are docile in nature and hence the crime rate is low when compared to other bigger cities, where women are more vulnerable,\" explained a senior police officer.But it is always better for women to be careful and on guard at all times, said K Padma from the Progressive Organisation of Women. She also pointed out that every woman should be assertive and should learn some basic art of self defence. According to her, the incidence of technical rape was on the rise as innocent girls were falling prey to boys who sport trendy clothes and zip around on flashy bikes and cars. Hinting at the recent case where a young college going girl was murdered by her boyfriend, she said, safeguarding women was the responsibility of all - the men, the police, parents and relatives, friends and the women themselves.\"Molestation or sexual harassment cases are on the rise and while many go unregistered as victims shy away from lodging a police complaint, there has been an increase in number of women coming for counselling and some of them are really traumatic cases,\" said Deepa Mohan, a practicing psychiatrist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701535", "title": "200 Damians attend graduation ceremony", "text": "PATNA: About 200 class XII students of Notre Dame Academy, Patna, participated in the 'Graduation ceremony' held on the school campus on Thursday. Girls decked up in angelic white saris shared their school experiences with their parents and teachers, remembering their times spent in studies and 'masti'. The programme included prayers and songs. Mementoes and certificates were distributed among the students. Justice Seema Ali Khan of Patna high court was the chief guest. Principal Sr Tessy was also present on the occasion.A N College: Aparna of BBM department of A N College, Patna, bagged the first prize leaving behind 18 students in a debate competition on 'Religion Maintains Communal Harmony', organized in collaboration with Temple of Understanding on the college campus on Thursday. She was followed by Omprakash and Shashank of the MBA department on the 2nd and 3rd position, respectively. The consolation prize was given to Govind of the economics department. Earlier, the guests and students were welcomed by the principal of the college, Dr Haridwar Singh.Shri Arvind Mahila College: Students of Shri Arvind Mahila College participated in a seminar on 'Depression, goal achievement and stress', organized by the psychology department and the NSS unit on the college campus on Thursday. Resource person Amarendra Kumar Singh told students that stress was a disease with different effects on different people like respiratory trouble, diabetes and hypertension, among others.IGNOU: A task force of members of IGNOU and Pakistan's Allama Iqbal Open University (AIOU) has been constituted to chalk out a comprehensive exchange programme between the two universities. It would facilitate faculty and student exchange programmes, said Qaseemuddin Haider, regional director, IGNOU.Magadh Mahila College: The closing ceremony-cum-prize distribution of 'National Mathematics Year - 2012' would be held by department of mathematics, Magadh Mahila College, Patna, on Friday. The programme would also include special lectures of B G Prasad and Amarendra Narayan.Reunion: Members of 1981 batch of Patna Medical College (PMC) from across the world would be participating in a reunion programme being organized on the college campus on Friday. The event would facilitate discussions on their experiences and how it could be employed in Bihar.AIDSO: Members of All India Democratic Students Organisation (AIDSO) condemned the hike in fees of courses at College of Arts and Crafts, Patna University (PU). They said the move was against the benefit of students. AIDSO's PU president Rajesh Ranjan said such moves would discourage students from pursuing higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17703835", "title": "A holiday on Doomsday!", "text": "From meditation and charity, to picnicking and partying with family and friends - the reasons for taking off from work today are varied.Whether 21.12.12 is going to be Doomsday or a Day for Ascension, as spiritual gurus have been touting it to be, a lot of people have decided to take an off from work today. While some are doing it out of fear, others have an altogether different reason to state.Since most of the spiritual gurus are advocating meditation today, young entrepreneur Shobhit Chopra has taken a leave from office and will spend most part of the day meditating. \"My guru has explained the significance of this day and has asked all his disciples to meditate as much as possible. So, my family and I will meditate together today.\" Interestingly, according to a website, some 10 million people will be meditating this day!Another such youngster is personality development and grooming instructor, Shilkit Rastogi. He says, \"I had applied for leave on December 21 in October itself. And my friends, who also believe that December 21 is a 'big' day for all of us, and I are travelling to Rishikesh and will be performing a special yajna there. We are looking forward to this experience.\"Apart from spiritual practices, a lot of youngsters are also utilising this day to do some charity. Like marketing manager Roshi Khurana and his group of friends. \"My friends and I had applied for an off from work well in advance. So, today we will be cooking and distributing food to the needy,\" he says.So, are bosses OK with employees taking off for these reasons? \"Well, that's the best part - none of us have lied in our offices about the reason for leave,\" says Roshi, adding, \"In fact, our boss too will be taking out some time for the cause.\"However, not everyone is looking for profundity today, and fearing the worst, have decided to spend the day with friends and family. \"A lot has been said about December 21. I don't know what's going to happen, but I want to spend this day with those I'm close to,\" says Nishu Malhotra, an interior designer.Since today is a Friday, it will be an extended weekend for all those going on leave. \"We have planned a farmhouse picnic and will be staying there for three days,\" adds Nishu.Arpit Mehrotra, working with a PR consultancy, also states no specific reason for his chhutti. \"Although I have taken an off from office, there's no specific reason for it - neither fear nor excitement. I have taken an off just like that and will be relaxing at home, pampering myself, and indulging in some cooking. That way I'll get a threeday weekend!\" he laughs.How the world is celebrating its end, gear up for the end Many electronics and accessory brands are having a special end of the world sale for customers, with crazy discounts on things that people need to survive. And if the world does end, the stores promise a full refund, though we don't exactly know how that will work out.A fresh start For $79,000 (approx 43 lakh), a resort in Mexico is offering couples \"The Ultimate New Beginning\" package, that includes, believe it or not, a spiritual cleansing session with a Mayan priest and a private helicopter tour of Mayan sites.Get married The iconic Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas, USA, has a variety of Apocalypse wedding packages where you can choose from ceremonies like the End of the Mayan Calendar wedding package, King of the Mayans wedding package, It's the End of the World and I Feel Fine garden wedding, Meet the Reaper wedding (with Grim Reaper or Dracula performing the ceremony), Zombie Attack End of Days wedding, or the Party Over, Oops Out of Time package.You survived; we told you so! NASA was so confident about the world not coming to an end that they have already posted a video which they had planned to release on December 22, explaining why the world didn't come to an end on December 21. Bragging much?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700515", "title": "Hunt in J&K; for security guard who stole Rs 20L from bank in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A police team is in Jammu &amp; Kashmir looking for a 25-year-old security guard who allegedly fled Mumbai with Rs 20 lakh belonging to HDFC Bank on Friday last week.Meanwhile, the NM Joshi Marg police have arrested a 69-year-old bank clerk and cash loader in connection with the case.The accused was employed with a private agency in south Mumbai for nearly a month. The guard committed the offence when the bank's clerk, Chandrashekar Karkaria, and cash loader Sunil Kori at Naya Bazaar in South Mumbai locality left the cash box with him in the collection van. \"They left the keys with the guard who removed it from the trunk and kept the box intact,\" said Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone III) Balsing Rajput.On Friday last week, the accused was asked to escort a collection van that left the bank head to hand over cash boxes to other branches in the city where money is required for the day's transaction. \"The same van while returning back late in the evening collects the money boxes. The accused took advantage of the negligence of the Karkaria and Kori. Karkaria kept a cash box of around Rs36 lakhs in the van and asked Kori to wait while he brings another box. But Kori too followed Karkaria to the bank to bring the money. Before leaving Kori gave the keys to the guard which helped him in executing the crime,\" said a cop.Ghagare said that the bank learnt about the theft when money count was done at the bank's head office late evening. \"The bank officials informed the security agency about the missing money. They also learnt that the guard who was on duty on the van did not reach his home. The bank officials and the security agency thought that the accused will report to work the next day. The complaint was lodged when they found him absconding and his mobile was found switched off,\" he said.When police informed incharge of the security agency that he will be booked in the case, he accompanied the investigating team to Kashmir to help them track down the accused. The two arrested bank employees and the absconding accused have been booked under IPC section for 408 (breach of trust) and 381 (theft by clerk or servant).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17702307", "title": "Orissa high court quashes Baramunda bus stand lease", "text": "CUTTACK: In a major setback to the state government, the Orissa high court on Thursday quashed the 90-year lease of Baramunda bus terminus given to a private company. \"The division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice S K Mishra quashed the lease agreement signed between the government and ARSS Infrastructure Projects Private Limited in March 2011 for developing the bus terminus in public-private-partnership mode,\" said petitioner's counsel Niroda Sahoo.Samir Mohanty, a former corporator of Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation, had filed a petition questioning legality of the decision. He alleged that the government had not taken the Governor's consent before leasing out the land to a private firm for such a long period. The petitioner argued that the decision to transfer the prime land measuring 14.430 acre at Baramunda in favour of the company was illegal, arbitrary and mala fide.The petitioner had submitted that the agreement allowed the company to construct residential and shopping complexes over 40% of the land with the remaining 60% dedicated to the bus terminus. He alleged that the company had the right to collect entry fee, user charges and parking fee from buses and visitors which was not in public interest. The petitioner had appealed to the court to direct the government to develop the bus terminus or engage civic authorities for the work instead of leasing it out to private companies.The high court also set aside the government's decision to lease out 2.065 acre near Badambadi bus terminus to Reliance Group. Cuttack Bachao Andolan had filed a petition urging the court to scrap the agreement. The petitioner had alleged that land should instead be used to expand the congested bus terminus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700437", "title": "Protestors, activists seek justice for rape victims", "text": "LUCKNOW: Angry protests demanding justice for all rape victims continued to echo in the city on Thursday. Though they represented different groups, the protestors mainly women demanded strict implementation of laws related to crimes against women and speedy trial of rape cases to send a strong message.Members of the All India Democratic Women's Association demanded justice for Zahira, a teenager who was gang raped in Aashiana locality of Lucknow in May 2005. \"We all want justice for the girl in Delhi, who is struggling for survival. But, if the Uttar Pradesh government is really serious about the safety of women, it must set examples in its land first,\" said Madhu Garg, state general secretary AIDWA.The women's body also suggested ways and means to limit the problem to a significant extent. Voicing similar suggestions Namdev Chandani of Aam Aadmi Party said, \"The answer to this is the fast track code. Immediate action should be taken against the rapists, otherwise protests like these are useless. This protest is at least reaching out to people. I had gone to the DM office to talk regarding the issue, but they gave me no answer. They only said that they were not responsible for what is happening in any other city.\"Young men and boys also gathered to support this cause. Satish, a budding lawyer said, \"Discussing the issue on social networking sites will not help. This at least has a chance to be reached out.\" A final year student at Lucknow University, Tanuj said that he was participating in the protest to prove that not only women, men too are against rapists. \"This is not only an issue for women, but also for men though I do not think that death penalty is the answer,\" he said. Teenager, Armaan added, \"We should not let the enthusiasm fizzle out.\"Most women, who resorted to protests under the aegis of Mahila Samakhya, advocated castration of the rapist(s) and said that the fear of life would be a bigger instrument. \"Death would mean end of troubles for the perpetrator. He should be kept alive to face the world and be humiliated every passing minute,\" said Astha, a young member. Forty-year-old Vimal Kumar, said, \"Castration is no solution to rapes. The available law is more than enough, if it is implemented strictly. Capital punishment would deter many from stooping so low.\"Madhvi Kukreja, who organised another protest, said that punishment is not a solution to any problem.\"We need to change hearts and minds. Crimes against women would end only if men stop treating them as an instrument to fulfil sexual desires. Men must be taught to respect women and treat them with dignity,\" she said.A candle march was also taken out in support of rape victims from Sadat Ali Khan Maqbara to Gandhi Pratima in which hundreds of protestors participated.WHAT WOMEN'S GROUP SUGGEST:1: Effectively enforce laws against rape.2: Speedy trial of rape cases. All districts should have a fast track court.3: Sensitize police towards the plight of a rape victim to avoid harassment due to delay.4: provide free legal aid to rape victim and make arrangements for her rehabilitation.5: take eve teasing very seriously as it may be a pre-cursor to incidents of rape and gang rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700850", "title": "Minor raped in Baramati", "text": "PUNE: An eight-year-old school girl was allegedly raped by two minor boys aged 11 and 17 years. The incident took place at Baramati on Wednesday afternoon. The Baramati city police have detained the two boys. The victim, a Class III student, has been sent to a hospital for treatment.Additional superintendent of police Ravindrasinh Pardeshi told TOI that the incident came to light on Wednesday evening after the victim informed her grandmother. \"The victim and the boys reside in the same lane in Baramati. The 11-year-old boy is a relative of the victim,\" Pardeshi said.He said that on Wednesday at around 3 pm, the victim's relative lured her with Rs 10 and took her on the banks of Karha river. He then called the other boy and they allegedly raped the victim, Pardeshi said.Pardeshi said that the victim as well as the suspects are from poor families. The victim stays with her father, a labourer, and grandmother.Inspector of the Baramati police station Kailas Pingle said that the boys were produced before the juvenile court on Thursday. One of them was sent to an observation home in Yerawada, while another was sent to the observation home in Shivajinagar.The 11-year-old boy studies in Class IV while the 17-year-old is a Class VIII student of a school in Baramati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700742", "title": "Roof crash: Structural audit of building done", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police, with the help of the public works department, conducted a structural audit of the under-construction hospital building of the Bharatiya Sanskriti Darshan Trust at Kesnand near Wagholi on Thursday. Twelve labourers and a site engineer were killed when the roof of the building collapsed on Tuesday afternoon.Additional superintendent of police Ravindrasinh Pardeshi told TOI that the police have registered a case of accidental death under section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code. \"We are still recording the statements and also questioning the people who are involved in the construction,\" he added.Pardeshi said that the structural audit was conducted as part of the investigations. \"An executive engineer from the PWD conducted the audit of the building and submitted the report to us.\"The report will help the police in finding out who is responsible for the accident, Pardeshi said, and added, \"After that we will register an offence against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699330", "title": "IAF personnel save 2 aircrafts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Timely action of Indian Air Force (IAF) personnel stationed at Air Force Station, Begumpet on Monday helped them in saving two IAF aircraft from burning. Station Commander, Air Force Station, Begumpet, Group Captain EK Prasad, in a press release, said that the IAF hangar was just six feet away from the AP Aviation Academy (APAA) hangar, which caught fire and reduced the parked AgustaWestland helicopter and several aircraft to rubble.\"Two Avro aircraft of IAF, which were nearby, were towed away to safety. The IAF hangar, which is just six feet from this hangar, could be fully saved. In all, ten fire tenders and about 100 personnel of the Air Force Station, Begumpet, Air Force Station, Hakimpet, and civil fire personnel fought the fire till around 02:45 hours before the fire was brought under control. The entire fire was brought under control only in the morning,'' Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17698979", "title": "Team Hyderabad retains 20 players", "text": "HYDERABAD: Team Hyderabad rung out the old and will ring in a new avatar when Sunrisers front up to the challenge come IPL 6. Sun Group, the Indian Premier League's new entrant and promoter of the city's new franchisee, unveiled their team's name and logo on Thursday.Sun Group had in October bid to pay Rs 85.05 crore a year for the right to own team Hyderabad, the second most expensive outfit in IPL after Pune Warriors.The old captain-coach combination of Sri Lankan Kumar Sangakkara , and Australian Tom Moody will try to chart a new course for the team in their latest assignment. Former chairman of selectors Krishnamachari Srikkanth will be mentor-cum-strategic analyst and VVS Laxman will be mentor-ambassador.\"With such a charismatic brand name, the team has new aspirations and passion. We want to see the Sunrisers prove their mettle in the high-octane cricket field,\" said Laxman.Sunrisers have retained 20 - 14 domestic, six foreign players - and having spent some to retain them, will approximately have $7 million in their kitty for auction scheduled to be held in January 2013. Each franchise has a salary cap of $12.5 million for a squad of up to 33 players.\"Hyderabad is where I was came into national limelight during South Zone's match against Pakistan in 1980. I have come here again in a new capacity. I want to take this as a challenge and I'm sure with the help of Tom Moody and Laxman, we'll work out a strategy for the team to impact IPL in a big way,\" said Srikkanth. \"We have players like Sangakkara, White and Steyn. Together we want to make it happen,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700416", "title": "Parties cry foul, but field alleged rapists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law-makers who have been shedding tears over the Delhi gang rape do not match their words with action. While MPs and MLAs of all political hues demanded death penalty for the accused, data analyzed by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) shows that two Lok Sabha MPs have charges of domestic violence, forcibly abducting women and assaulting a woman pending against them.S Semmalai of AIADMK has criminal charges, including attempt to murder and domestic violence, against him while Suvendu Adhikari of Trinamool Congress has declared that he faces charges of using criminal force to outrage a woman's modesty, abduction in order to murder and a case of attempt to murder against him.For the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, political parties unabashedly gave tickets to six candidates who admitted before the Election Commission that they had rape charges against them. These included three from Bihar, one each from Delhi, Andhra Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh. Around 34 candidates admitted that they had charges of crime against women.Demanding that political parties should stop giving tickets to candidates with criminal backgrounds, ADR said MPs with criminal records had increased from 128 in 2004 to 162 in 2009. Their criminal offences had become more heinous too, including murder, rape and dacoity.The trend is prevalent in state elections also. Six legislators face rape charges while 36 have other cases related to crimes against women including outraging a woman's modesty, abducting or illegally confining a woman, selling a minor for prostitution and even domestic violence.Of the six MLAs with declared rape cases, three are from Samajwadi Party -- Sribhagwan Sharma, Anoop Sanda and Manoj Kumar Paras. The others are Mohammed Aleem Khan of BSP, Jethabhai G Ahir of BJP and Kandikunta Venkata Prasad of TDP. Of the 36 MLAs who declared that they have charges of crimes against women, six are from Congress, five from BJP and three from SP.Uttar Pradesh has the maximum number of MLAs (8) who have declared that they have charges of crimes against women, followed by Odisha and West Bengal with seven MLAs each.Political parties gave tickets to 27 candidates, contesting state elections in the last five years, who declared that they were charged with rape. Of these, seven were independent candidates, five from SP, two from BJP, two from BSP and one from Congress. Of these 27 candidates, 10 were from Uttar Pradesh and five from Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17701673", "title": "Today\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Mayans cool about doomsday", "text": "LONDON: As thousands of mystics, New Age dreamers and fans of pre-Hispanic culture have been drawn to Mexico in hopes of witnessing great things when the day in an old Maya calendar dubbed \"the end of the world\" dawns on Friday, many of today's ethnic Maya cannot understand the fuss.Mostly Christian, ethnic Mayans have looked on in wonder at the influx of tourists to ancient cities in southern Mexico and Central America whose heyday passed hundreds of years ago. \"It's a psychosis, a fad,\" the Telegraph quoted psychologist Vera Rodriguez, a Mexican of Maya descent living in Izamal, Yucatan state, as saying. \"I think it's bad for our society and our culture,\" Rodriguez said.Watching busloads of white-haired pensioners and dreadlocked backpackers pile into their heartland, Maya old and young roll their eyes at the suggestion the world will end.\"We don't believe it,\" Socorro Poot, a housewife and mother of three in Holca, a village about 25 miles from Chichen Itza, said. \"Nobody knows the day and the hour. Only God knows.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701634", "title": "Lawyers for prompt justice delivery system", "text": "PATNA: Members of Patna district bar association at a meeting here on Thursday stressed the need for a prompt justice delivery system for speedy justice in gang rape and other rape cases.The lawyers, including Yogesh Chandra Verma, Sadhu Sharan Yadav and Rajeshwar Prasad Sinha, felt it was their duty to instill confidence in a rape victim during trial so that the accused persons are convicted for the ghastly crime.Verma said the law should be amended to award death sentence to the persons involved in the rape cases like the one happened in Delhi on Sunday. He said the investigation process in such cases should be completed in the shortest possible time. He said one of the investigating officers of the gang rape case or rape case should be a woman. Immediately after reporting of any rape, a medical team of at least three doctors should examine the victim. This is important as a single doctor conducting medical examination of a rape victim normally wants to avoid appearing as evidence in courts, Verma said.He said the police should register an FIR on a message sent through email or SMS or over phone by the victim.Meanwhile, a number of women activists, led by the president of Bihar Mahila Samaj, Sushila Sahay, and Padma Shri Sister Sudha Varghese, demonstrated near radio station on Fraser Road against the gang rape in Delhi recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17700504", "title": "Crime against women figures do different talking", "text": "BHOPAL: The government's argument that number of crimes against women is higher in Madhya Pradesh because every single case is registered here to take tough action against accused does not sound convincing enough after this chilling reality.More than 33,500 rape cases have been reported in the state between 2001 and October 2012. Against the number, there were only 580 rape convicts in the state jails in 2011. The number of under-trials for offence was 1,278 in the year.Even if number of under trials and convicts are added, it would barely reaches to around 1,860, which is less than 10% of total cases registered over a decade.Deputy inspector general (prisons) R S Vijayvargiya confirmed to TOI there were 580 rape convicts and 1,278 under-trials in state jails on December 31 in 2011.The jail term for a rape accused generally ranges between 7 years to life imprisonment depending on the nature of crime and if the victim is a minor.Even if calculated from 2005 ie seven years back till 2012, the total number of rape cases registered during the period comes to around 22,500, a figure which is not even 10% of number of convicts and under-trials serving jail term for rape in 2011.The state record shows rape conviction rate in MP is somewhere between 25% to 30%. It certainly does not go with the records of total number of rape accused- either convicts or under-trials locked in jails.Aruna Mohan Rao, ADG ( crime against women), says, \"Now the rape cases are monitored regularly and efforts are on to ensure that victim gets justice.\"Special government prosecutor (atrocities) Indrajeet Singh Rajput told TOI out of court settlement is a major reason for lesser number of rape accused in jails in comparison to total number of cases registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17701001", "title": "Medical students protest against Delhi rape", "text": "KANPUR: Medical students from Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial (GSVM) Medical College and several private institutes along with doctors and other resident of the city took out a candle march on Thursday to register their protest against the gangrape of a 23-year-old girl aboard a running bus on Sunday night in Delhi.The march led by medicos started from GSVM medical college and concluded at Shaheed Smarak, Mootijheel. The protesters raised anti-government and anti-police slogans and demanded capital punishment for the culprits. \"We demand safety. It is our fundamental right. We are stopped from protesting, but no one stops rapists,\" said Dr Nidhi, a medical student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700830", "title": "In a rare surgery, two-year-old girl from Yemen gets urinary bladder", "text": "PUNE: In a rare surgery, doctors from a city hospital successfully operated on a two-year-old girl from Yemen who was born with a unique birth defect wherein a large portion of the abdominal wall was absent. The girl also had no urinary bladder and had only one kidney.Doctors created an altogether new bladder inside by making a pouch using a portion of intestines. The girl was operated three weeks ago and has now recovered and is all set to fly back to her country.\"Due to the rare birth defect, the baby had no control over her stool or urine, which kept dripping continuously causing pain and damaging the surrounding skin and emanating a bad odour,\" said the girl's parents.After an unsuccessful operation by doctors in Yemen to reconstruct the urinary bladder, the child developed added complication of repeated urinary tract infections which, in turn, further compromised the one kidney that she had. Her relatives approached doctors at Jehangir hospital and her parents flew down to Pune in November.\"First, a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan was done to see why the child was not able to control passing of her stool. This, however, revealed yet another defect. The child's spinal cord and nerves were adhering to the surrounding tissues and causing an undue stretching of the cord (tethered cord syndrome) causing damage to the spinal nerves,\" said paediatric surgeon Dasmit Singh who successfully operated on the child on November 24.Moreover, the nerves were encased in a fatty tumour (intra-spinal lipoma) which, if left untreated, would have led to a complete loss of lower limb movement, loss of sensation in the lower limbs and complete loss of urinary and bowel control. This had to be treated urgently.\"The surgery for this correction entailed operating from the back, cutting open the bones of the spine (laminectomy) and releasing all the attachments of the spinal cord. This was made even more difficult by the fatty tumour which also needed to be excised at the same time,\" Singh explained. This first surgery was carried out by Singh where he was assisted by neurosurgeon Prashant Khandelwal.\"Within 15 days, the child began to experience the urge to pass stool and was able to do so like any normal child. The result was extraordinary,\" Singh said.Attention was then turned to the problem of the urinary incontinence. After all possible options were discussed,The final decision taken by the parents was based on the fact that there was no way that the child would pass urine like a normal child.\"It was decided that a pouch had to be made within the body to collect the urine (neobladder) and drain the urine from the single kidney into it. This pouch would be made from a portion of the intestines. A pipe would then have to be constructed from this pouch within the abdomen to the exterior of the abdominal wall to enable the child to pass a catheter into the neobladder every few hours and empty the urine. This would ensure that no urine leaked, rendering the child 'dry',\" Singh said.The second surgery - lasting for a total of 10 hours - was also performed by Singh where he was assisted by paediatric surgeon Kshama Kulkarni and a team of anaesthetists including Sudhir Phadke, and Mohan Swami.The child, with no less than six tubes coming out of her frail body, each for a different purpose, was shifted to the paediatric intensive care unit into the care of a team of paediatricians led by Sanjay Bafna.In due course, the child was taken off the ventilator. In the beginning, the child was fed only through the intravenous route. After about seven days, the child had recovered adequately to begin oral feeds. One by one, the tubes were removed as the healing progressed.\"The child is completely fine now. Her mother currently performs the task of removing the urine through the catheter, which she will be able to do herself as she grows older,making her life as near normal as possible, \" said Singh.Adding to their comfort level during their stay at the hospital was the availability of nursing staff fluent in Arabic, making communication easy and the management of their case better.George Eapen, CEO, Jehangir hospital, said, \"We get a large number of patients from Yemen, Oman, Iraq, Kenya, Tanzania and Nigeria for treatment of various complicated conditions. The high success rate and good outcomes of complex surgeries carried out at our hospital have been the main reasons behind this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17700935", "title": "Madurai collector, police chief come in for praise from Jayalalithaa", "text": "MADURAI: District administration officials from the district came in for praise from chief minister J Jayalalithaa during the collectors and police officers meeting held in Chennai, recently. District collector, Anshul Mishra secured second place for efficient disposal of the chief minister's special cell petitions for the year 2012 and was awarded with a shield. City police commissioner, Sanjay Mathur was also awarded with a shield under the same category for commissioners of police.During her concluding remarks at the meeting, Jayalalithaa announced that flyovers will be constructed in the city to reduce the traffic congestion. Two flyovers, one each at Kalavasal Junction and Goripalayam Junction will be sanctioned.For the police department, it was announced that the jurisdiction of the city police will be made co-terminus with the city corporation limits in Madurai. At present, the city police and corporation limits are not one and the same as many parts of the city come under the district police.Further, the chief minister announced that one additional platoon will be sanctioned for Madurai. A repeater station and 100 walkie-talkies will be sanctioned for Usilampatti, Sholavanthan and Melur areas. Wireless sets will also be provided to tahsildars and RDOs in the district. CM also proposed traffic police stations for Melur, Othakadai and Oomachikulam. Armed Reserve Police at Madurai will be getting an administrative building as well as DSP quarters. A new building will also be sanctioned for Madurai City police office (CPO).Seven police stations in the district will be getting two motorcycle patrol vehicles each and a hostel for police personnel near the Madurai bench of the Madras high court will be also sanctioned by the government. Madurai and Cuddalore Central prisons will be provided with Tamil Nadu Special Police companies, she had stated. In the same way, southern districts were promised with various schemes for the economic and infrastructure development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17700165", "title": "Mercury plunges across state, Churu coldest", "text": "JAIPUR: Temperature across the state dipped on Thursday with the majority of places witnessing minimum temperature below 11 degrees Celsius. Mount Abu and Churu remained the coldest in the state and recorded a minimum temperature of 2 and 3.9 degrees celsius.Attributing the dip in the mercury to the vanishing of western disturbances and revival of northerly winds the Met office said that the ongoing system will prevail for a couple of days when mercury will continue to dip across the state.Jaipurites woke up to the coldest day of the winter season so far when the city witnessed a minimum temperature of 7.7 degrees celsius, almost a degree below the normal minimum temperature. Throughout the day cold winds swept across the state and provided no respite from the shivering cold.The city recorded a maximum temperature of 23 degrees celsius which was a degree below the normal maximum temperature. Since no early morning fog was reported in and around the Pink City, the air, road and rail traffic was smooth, by and large. In the evening people thronged to the eating joints and coffee shops to beat the biting cold. Due to the sudden change in the weather the shoppers' footfall at the Tibetan market and other outlets selling woollens increased. Till Wednesday Jaipur had witnessed comparatively warmer weather as its minimum was on or above 12 degrees celsius.Chittorgarh recorded a minimum of 5.2 degrees celsius, Pilani 5.9, Sriganganagar 6.2, Udaipur 6.6, Ajmer 7.5, Bikaner 7.6, Jodhpur 8.3, Kota 9.4, Jaisalmer 10.3 and Barmer recorded a minimum temperature of 10.4 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17698274", "title": "Sadistic retribution is not the way ahead", "text": "If what the six rapists did to the woman was the very worst kind of sadism and savagery, the good folks who are outraged by the incident have been scarcely less vicious. From public disembowellment and hanging to castration \u00e2\u20ac\u201d chemical or surgical \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and flogging, urban India has been displaying an amazingly atavistic instinct when it comes to punishment. Yet most of them would nod sagely when reminded that Mahatma Gandhi did not think much of this eye-for-an-eye form of retribution or action.That those six men deserve the strongest punishment possible under Indian law is unquestionable. But that will inevitably take a long time to happen, unless a one-off fast track court is expedited by a wary government. Meanwhile, will rapes stop? No. Slow down? No. In the thick of the media maelstrom over this Delhi incident, news of more rapes have been trickling in. And this is not merely because perpetrators are unafraid of the law as the criminal justice system is seen to be weak or at least manageable.It is also not only because, as feminists the world over are wont to proclaim, men persist in showing their power over women, though that may often be behind 'forcible rape' incidents in the west. In India the causes are far more complex and perplexing. And that is why the solution has to be necessarily complicated rather than simplistic. Jailing rapists will keep them off the streets for a while; castrating them may deprive them of the means to rape. But will that make them worshippers of womanhood?In the short term, there is very little to be done except tighten policing and speed up trials and convictions, with all their attendant corollaries such as better patrolling and investigation. Measures like banning tinted windows and putting CCTVs in buses presumes that rapes can only happen out in the open. But that, as we all know, is not true. Violence begins first in the mind, and that cannot be monitored, anticipated or prevented by either the police or atavistic vigilante citizens.The men whose minds are already warped by skewed conditioning, brutalised environments and repressive social and sexual norms not to mention the ignominy of 'nobody-ness', cannot be changed. Let the police and judiciary deal with them as best they can. But what about the young boys who may become the rapists, molesters and bottom-pinchers of the future? They, and the girls who may become the targets of their violence, are still at the stage when their minds can be moulded \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and saved.That is where the work must begin, and it is also where civil society has to play a pro-active role instead of a reactive one. Conditioning happens at home, in neighbourhoods, schools and playgrounds, and interactions. If abuse of power and assertion of superiority dictate activities in these arenas, children will draw all the wrong conclusions. Think of how much these two factors already distort the development of young minds now, sometimes through commission, sometimes omission.Fables about good and bad, right and wrong, respect and honesty, truth and principles used to be part and parcel of children's bedtime tales. Today, kids in slums and posh enclaves alike are left instead to draw their lessons from television, with its plethora of thoughtlessly violent programmes. Bullying in schoolyards and roads are accepted with fatalism, confusing messages about commodification of women versus freedom of choice fly about without explanation for kids to imbibe and interpret.If the situation in urban India, with all its caste-neutral infrastructural shortcomings, is abysmal, imagine the plight of boys and girls in the hinterland with its age-old prejudices grappling with new-fangled freedoms. Boys hardened by the brutality of rural life escape to the cities and find themselves equally disadvantaged. They make common cause with their sullen urban brethren, and decide that the way to succeed lies in numbers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d gangs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whether to rob or rape ... or have a good time.The Union HRD minister Pallam Raju's suggestion of moral education in schools would be a huge step towards building a more humane society, though the impact will be slow to show up in crime graphs. At the same time, young people must be made aware of the many nuances of modern life so that the interstices where the many Indias meet (it is no longer simply India versus Bharat) such as buses, trains and public spaces do not become arenas of violent assertions of power or equally violent calls for retribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699935", "title": "Victim's 'thumbs down' nails killer hubby and mom-in-law", "text": "NAGPUR: The three month pregnant woman had sustained nearly 98% burns when her husband and mother-in-law set her ablaze for dowry at their Budhwarpeth, Katol, home on March 20, 2010. The only part that escaped burns was victim Mangala Thote's right thumb. Before succumbing, Mangala ensured she put her thumb impressions on three dying declarations she recorded that nailed her killers during the trial after two years.District and additional sessions judge Ashok Dhamecha on Thursday sentenced Mangala's husband Diwakar and his mother Sushila to rigorous life imprisonment and slapped a fine Rs 2,000 and another three months of jail in default holding them guilty under Section 302 for murder and dowry related death under Section 304 (B) of IPC. The duo has been also ordered one year imprisonment and fine Rs 5,000 and another additional jail term of three months for default under Section 498 (A) of IPC for torture by husband and in-laws.Additional public prosecutor Vijay Kolhe said the three dying declarations (DD) of Mangala which were recorded on different occasions ensured she got the justice. \"The contents of the three dying declarations were consistent where Mangala said that mother-in-law had doused her with kerosene before husband put a lighted matchstick on her,\" he said.\"The defense counsel had argued against the thumb impressions on DD asking how a woman with 98% severe burns could do it,\" said Kolhe. \"It was a triumph of justice as doctors of Government Medical College and hospital deposed that the thumb impressions were collected untying the bandage on her fingers. The doctors further deposed that the thumb had a superficial injury that helped the deceased deliver the impressions on the DD,\" said Kolhe.Mangala's DDs were collected first by the cops of the police booth at GMCH where she was referred from Katol's hospital the day after the incident. Later, another was recorded by a judicial magistrate at the hospital. A third DD was recorded by Katol police.It is learnt Mangala was being harassed for money by husband Diwakar and mother-in-law Sushila despite the fact that her parents had given ornaments at the time of marriage. The culprits would incessantly thrash Mangala asking her to get cash from her parents. On the day of the incident, she was being similarly harassed when in a fit of rage, her inebriated husband and his mother set her on fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699958", "title": "Chavan refuses to empower irrigation scam SIT with law", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday categorically ruled out constituting special investigation team (SIT) to probe the irrigation scam under Commissions of Inquiry Act, 1955. The opposition called it an attempt to save deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and water resources minister Sunil Tatkare allegedly involved in the scam that had stalled winter session for four days.The government had announced constitution of SIT under Madhav Chitale, a well known irrigation expert, on Monday after pressure by opposition benches.Speaking to TOI, CM Chavan clarified that a panel under the said Act has to be under a retired high court or supreme court judge and the government was not contemplating appointing such a person. \"We are in fact looking out for an expert from finance field on the panel that will probably have four members,\" he said. Chavan informed the SIT would be granted six months with a provision of extension if the members so demand. He also added that he had proposed Chitale's name to head the panel.Leader of opposition Vinod Tawde stated that even if SIT was not under the COI Act, they were sure panel under Chitale would work transparently, considering his reputation. \"Ultimately, the government has to file action taken report (ATR). Moreover, three PILs on the issue are already underway. So we will keep up the pressure,\" he said.Lawyer Anil Kilor, who is pleading the case for an NGO Jan Manch that had demanded a judicial probe or CBI enquiry into Rs70,000 crore scam, charged the government of misleading the public. \"There is no provision in Commission of Inquiry Act that there should be a judicial member on the panel,\" he said. He stated that to a panel under COI Act, the government had to mandatorily give all the statements on oath. \"The panel becomes a quasi-judicial with judicial powers to summon bureaucrats, government officials, ministers and experts. There will be regular hearings and those will be deemed judicial proceedings under Section 193 and 228 of IPC. It will be just like regular court hearings,\" Kilor said adding that anyone deliberately skipping hearings could be prosecuted.The lawyer informed that present SIT would have to seek appointments of all officials and it would not be binding on anyone to be present before the panel. \"Such enquiry in issues where public money worth thousands of crores is involved can't be relied upon. Even enquiries made by Nandkumar Vadnere and HT Mendgiri committees were not under this Act and therefore the government was not duty bound to act against the guilty,\" Kilor said.According to Jan Manch, the cost of 38 irrigation projects coming under VIDC rose dramatically by a whopping Rs20,000 crore in just seven months in 2009 - from Rs6,672 crore to Rs26,722 crore. It also claimed that 30 projects were granted quick approval in just four days and their cost was later revised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17700042", "title": "Dayanand Social Security scheme puts Rs 200 cr burden on Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The Dayanand Social Security (DSS) Scheme, which provides welfare benefits to a large number of people in the state, is placing quite a burden on the state exchequer. Of the 224 crore budget of the state government's department of social welfare, around 200 crore is utilized for the DSS scheme alone. This has gone up from 150 crore that was spent the previous year.The scheme was started in in 2001. It currently benefits around 1.21 lakh underprivileged people. A majority of beneficiaries are senior citizens, widows and disabled persons among others. The scheme also offers a monthly financial assistance of 2,000 to single women and HIV+ persons.Disabled persons with over 90% disability now receive 3,500. Children with disabilities, up to the age of 18 years, are also entitled to the monthly financial assistance.There have been allegations of beneficiaries not being genuine and fraudulently availing of the government dole. V Paranajpe, director of the department, said that a survey is being undertaken through an agency from Pune to verify genuine beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700123", "title": "Chain-snatchers rob traffic cop's wife", "text": "MUMBAI: Two chain-snatchers on a bike targeted a woman travelling with her constable husband and escaped with her gold chain worth Rs 1.28 lakh on Thursday. Vile Parle police registered a case of robbery against the unidentified chain-snatchers and are trying to trace them.The constable, attached with the traffic police, had taken an off on Thursday. He was travelling on his bike with his wife Priyanka Khanvekar to a marriage function around 1pm, when the incident took place on the Western Express highway. Police said the accused were probably following the victim from a distance and committed the crime when they spotted an easy escape route near a flyover. Police said the bikers suddenly snatched Khanvekar's chain from behind and sped away. The constable chased them over a short distance but was unable to catch the speeding biker. The victim and witnesses were unable to note down the bike number and police are now examining footage from CCTVs along the highway for clues.A senior officer said police have increased patrolling and stationed policemen in areas where chain snatchings are frequently reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17703645", "title": "Govinda gets an unusual birthday gift", "text": "Remember Mithun Chakbraborty's career-changing hit Pyar Jhukta Nahin? The 1985 blockbuster changed the direction of Mithunda's career from an action-dance star to a romantic hero. Pyar Jhukta Nahin was one of the biggest money-spinners of the 1980s.Now its producer K C Bokadia has hit on an ostensibly ingenious idea to cash in on the popularity of Pyar Jhukta Nahin and to resurrect Govinda's career.He has decided to rechristen his new release just two weeks ahead of its release date. Bokadia's Deewana Main Deewana featuring Govinda and Priyanka Chopra , which opens on January 4 would now be called Pyar Jhukta Nahin.A bit late in the day considering all the film's publicity ad marketing content have gone out with the original title Dewaana Main Deewana . In fact the censor board refused to certify the film with a new title.But Bokadia is determined to bring in the changed title, if for no other than reason than to rekindle memories in the masses of a success that broke all records.Says Bokadia, \"I feel the title Pyar Jhukta Nahin would be lucky for Govinda. It's his birthday today. Though it's late for a change we're going ahead calling the film by its new title. Yes ,the censor board couldn't grant me permission to re-title the film at this late stage. The censor certificate reads ' Deewana Main Deewana Alias Pyar Jhukta Nahin' . Now we'll pitch the new title to the public. Even at this late stage, the title Pyar Jhukta Nahin would mean more to the masses than the earlier title. There would be instant connectivity between the audience and the title. I'm hoping it'd do to Govinda's career what the earlier Pyar Jhukta Nahin did for Mithun.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17700077", "title": "Lifeguards at Dudhsagar soon, says Parulekar", "text": "PANAJI: Besides beaches, the tourism department will ensure placement of lifeguards at locations like Dudhsagar waterfall in the new tender which is to be floated, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar said on Thursday.Parulekar said that the tourism department has added new provisions in the new tender to enhance safety of tourists. He is also of the personal opinion that the Sunburn music festival should be shifted to South Goa where there will be less congestion. The government-appointed committee to look into mega-tourism events in Goa is meeting on Friday and will decide on the issue, Parulekar said.Parulekar added that his department is trying to expedite the Miramar-Reis Magos 1.25 km ropeway. While the department has land at Miramar to put up the necessary infrastructure, it has none at Reis Magos. It will therefore request the Reis Magos communidade for the same. The centre has sanctioned 7 crore for the project.On tourism land lying vacant near Fort Aguada, Parulekar said that it was leased to a resort but since the government could not provide the necessary infrastructure, the resort could not utilize it. The department is trying to take it back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17699496", "title": "Budget session likely in Belgaum", "text": "BANGALORE: With the legislative assembly hall in Vidhana Soudha still under renovation, the forthcoming budget session is likely to be held in Belgaum.The government is planning to hold the session in the newly constructed Suvarna Vidhana Soudha (SVS) in Belgaum. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar has already started budget preparations and has scheduled February 7 or 8 to present it.The public works department (PWD) had taken up renovation of the assembly hall and its lounge for Rs 16.8 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700588", "title": "Day 1 of summit witnesses few traffic snarls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Minor traffic congestions were reported in south and New Delhi due to VVIP movement during the first day of the India-Association of Southeast Asian Nations (India-ASEAN) summit. While Sardar Patel Marg between Dhaula Kuan and Panchsheel Marg remained closed on Thursday from 3pm to 7.30pm, very few snarls were reported in the area.\"People appeared to have followed the traffic advisory as there was not a long traffic tail even in Dhaula Kuan. The movements went along smoothly and there was not much dislocation of traffic,\" joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said.On Friday, Sardar Patel Marg between Dhaula Kuan and Panchsheel Marg will remain closed between 11.30am and 2.30pm on Friday. Maulana Azad Road between Janpath and Mansingh Road would be closed from 6am to 12.30pm on Friday for the car rally which is part of the summit, said traffic officials. They have advised commuters to completely avoid the area from Sardar Patel Marg to Lodhi Road on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701530", "title": "House rent benefit for Maoists who surrender in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Maoists surrendering in Jharkhand would now be entitled for housing rent benefit at a rate of Rs 1500 per month. The decision was taken by the council of ministers here on Thursday. On a proposal of the state home department the ministers agreed to extend relief to Maoists who do not have any shelter for their family members. The benefit would however not be available to those who own a house. The money could also be used to buy a piece of land within the state and payable over a term of ten years.In another decision the cabinet approved bid placed by Jharkhand Olympic Association for hosting south Asian Federation ( SAF) games here. The games once allotted to Jharkhand would be organised in different stadiums located in all major cities of the state.Enthused over the success of paddy purchase centres opened up last year to procure paddy from the farmers on government approved rates the cabinet decided to open 1000 such centres in the current financial year as against 674 opened up last year.Cabinet secretary NN Pandey said that farmers are ready with their harvest and would now be looking for market.\"The government has decided to open procurement centres and purchase paddy through large scale multipurpose cooperative societies (LAMPS) and primary agricultural credit society (PACS) to extend benefits to the farmers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17701267", "title": "PET scan facility for early cancer diagnosis", "text": "RAIPUR: The Regional Cancer Institute (RCI) will soon have a Positron Emitting Tomography (PET) scan facility, vital for early diagnosis, predicting the effects of treatments accurately, suggesting alternatives and monitoring the progress of patients suffering from cancer, heart and neurosurgical problems.The facility will be set up at DKS Bhawan. It would be a boon for the cancer patients as it would cut down unnecessary expenditure on medical tests and treatment. A proposal to set up the PET centre has already been sent for approval to the government.Talking to TOI, Dr Vivek Chaudhary, director Regional Cancer Institute (RCI) said, \"We are in constant touch with the senior officials of the ministry and the facility may be available here within a year.\" He said PET scan can detect cancer at an early stage and its origin for proper treatment.Dr Vivek said that this technique will also be a boon for patients of cardiology and neurology. This technique helps the cardiologists to decide whether the case stands for any surgery or angioplasty. In addition to this, the structural changes at the very basic cellular level in the brain for Alzheimer or dementia (old age related brain degeneration) can be seen before the disease becomes crippling.For cardiologists, in case the muscles are damaged the doctors can tell the patient not to undergo any intervention. This is possible as the diagnostic technique can detect it. Decreased or absent blood flow to the heart muscle may imply that the heart is permanently damaged.\"PET can determine if there is a permanent damage and whether bypass surgery or a transplant would be the appropriate treatment,\" said a cardiologist at Raipur Medical College.The regional cancer centre has installed Rapid Arc with IGRT technology to remove tumour with less radiation. This facility will be available free of cost for patients below the poverty line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17701233", "title": "Still a safe Coimbatore, but rapes on the rise", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore is surely a safe city for women when compared to metros like New Delhi and Chennai. But is the rapid expansion of the city taking a toll on gender relations? There is no cause for alarm yet, but there are reasons enough to worry.Over the past years, there has been a steady increase in the number of rape cases getting reported in the city. Like elsewhere, the culprits are not always strangers but often close relatives. Going by the statistics available with police, 19 incidents of reported since January this year in the city while there were seven cases registered in 2011. In 2010, 15 cases of rape were reported in the city. In the back ground of the gang rape in Delhi, city police too are planning various strategies to ensure there is proper protection for women on the city streets.\"Police are always sensitive to women's rights and even the lower grade officers are trained to protect women in distress. Any women in trouble can contact any official at any time pleading for help. We are also ensuring maximum punishment for rapists and others who harass women,'' says deputy police commissioner T Senthil Kumar.In a case reported in October last year, a 51-year-old man was arrested in Pillayarpuram near Sundarapuram for raping a 25-year-old married woman in his neighborhood. Her husband was an auto driver and the couple had a four-year-old son. In the absence of the victim's husband, the neighbour entered the house and raped her. When she shouted for help, the man grabbed her son and threatened to kill him. Out of fear, the woman kept quiet. When the man forced his way the next day as well, she shouted for help. When neighbours ran in, the man fled. Later, the couple lodged a complaint at Podanur police station and the man was arrested.According to data available with city police, 17 of the 19 reported rape cases this year are under investigation and two others pending for trial. Among the nine cases last year, four are pending for trial and five are under investigation. \"Some of the rape cases reported in the city involved minors who had eloped without the knowledge of family. Such couples have sex when they are in hiding and when the issue is reported to us, we slap article 376 of IPC on the boy. Sex between minors is considered rape,'' said a senior police officer.Sectors like IT-enabled services have a lot of women among the work force. These women, mostly young, earn well and want to exercise their financial independence, often upsetting the conservative norms prevalent in the society. \"Coimbatore seems to be a safe city for women during day time. But travelling in the night is quite risky and no woman risks it. We do night shifts only because we are dropped home in company cars,'' says S Monika, who works with a leading IT firm. She also feels the city is for too conservative when comes to women's attire. \"The overall trend here is to enforce the conventional dress code. That must be avoided. And, there is no reason to link rape with dressing,'' she adds. Ruby Joseph, who works with a car accessories firm, believes that women of courage and guts have nothing to worry about. \"I am here for the last 15 years working in different firms. Never experienced anything bad,\" says Ruby, who hails from Tirupur.What adds to the pain is that the slow-moving legal system delays justice to the victims indefinitely. Advocate A Sharmila says speedy trial in rape cases is a must and death sentence must be given in extreme cases. \"The whole trial including appeal in high court must be completed in 90 days,'' she says.(Any women in distress can contact city police commissioner A K Viswanathan on 9444000029 or Senthil Kumar on 9442734999. The city police can be contacted in 0422-2301737 and the rural police in 0422-2220077).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17700955", "title": "Anti-quota fire intensifies as protesters unite", "text": "KANPUR: The stir against the reservation in promotion bill gained massive proportions on Thursday as state government employees from different offices came together to stage a demonstration at Phoolbagh's Gandhi Pratima.The event had been organised under the banner of Sarvajanin Hitayan Sanrakshan Samiti and saw participation of employees from Kanpur Electricity Supply Company, Panki Power House, Public Works Department, Irrigation Department, Jal Nigam, Kanpur Development Authority and Kanpur Nagar Nigam.The protestors raised anti-government slogans and termed the promotion quota bill a way to fragment the society. SK Verma, superintending engineer, Kesco and engineer Vinod Gangwar who were spearheading the protest condemned the bill and expressed strong protest against it.The agitators held Congress, BJP and Bahujan Samaj Party responsible for dividing the society on caste lines and said the bill should not be passed in Lok Sabha at any cost. They said the efforts of the political parties were meant to appease only 22% population of SC/STs in the country.\"The Congress has brought the bill in the parliament under the pressure of BSP. The BJP is equally under pressure.If this bill is not taken back from parliament, all the three political parties will face the music in 2014 Lok Sabha elections,\" said an agitating Kesco employee while talking to TOI. He said the bill will enable a junior to become his colleague's senior despite being from a junior batch or coming from a lower cadre. Under such circumstances, the confidence of the working staff will fall, rued another agitating KDA employee.Manish Gupta, JC Yadav, RK Singh, Ajay Dwivedi, Rajeev Sharma and several other government employees participated in the protest. From burning the party flags of Congress, BJP and BSP to conducting 'havans', the protestors employed several methods to register their protest.Most employees boycotted work, and those who did work, tied black ribbons on their arms as a symbol of protest. The agitating state government employees asserted that the protest will continue till the quota bill is taken back.Meanwhile, advocates practicing in district court also staged a demonstration against the promotion quota bill besides launching a signature campaign in Kanpur court premises.Hundreds of advocates signed on the canvas and wrote slogans against the bill, demanding that it be scrapped. Anoop Kumar Dwivedi, former general secretary, Kanpur Bar Association (KBA), Advocate Parasnath Sharma, and Vinay Awasthi were among those who participated in the signature campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17693791", "title": "Kumki declared a hit", "text": "Prabhu Solomon's latest offering starring Vikram Prabhu-Lakshmi Menon, Kumki has been declared a hit by trade sources. The film which hit screens last week (December 14) in approximately 300 screens has been raking in the moolah at the Box Office.Studio Green, which is marketing Kumki has now included more screens in its second week. There will be more than 400 screens during the Christmas weekend.In Chennai, Chengalpet, Coimbatore areas, Kumki has been given the bigger screens in the multiplexes and more shows for the Christmas weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17700620", "title": "Governor inaugurates Nigamananda Sthal", "text": "GUWAHATI: Governor Janaki Ballav Patnaik on Thursday inaugurated the Nirbikalpa Sidhi Sthal of Paramhamsa Srimat Swami Nigamananda Saraswat Dev at Nilachal Hills in Kamakhya Dham. He was also accompanied by his wife Jayanti Patnaik.Speaking at a meeting here, Patnaik said he considered himself fortunate for getting the privilege of inaugurating the Sidhi Sthal. Pointing out that sages have two lives - one before attainment of salvation and the other after attaining it - he added that Assam was both the birth and work place of the swami as he had attained his siddhi at Kamakhya and thereafter started preaching in Assam and set up his first math at Koilamukh.He said Assam was the prime pilgrimage for Nigamananda's followers for both Kamakhya and Koilamukh were in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699619", "title": "Open space issue rocks general body, mayor wants report in week", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic body's neglect of open spaces rocked the general body meeting on Thursday. Finally, mayor Anil Sole directed officials to submit a report on open spaces within a week.The opposition group also staged a walkout, accusing officials of taking the general body for granted. The members expressed concern over the callous attitude of officials, and formed a five-member panel to formulate bylaws to regulate proceedings in the house.TOI has been highlighting Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) negligence of properties, which is causing a loss. Corporator Dr Prashant Chopra raised the issue, \"Town planning department is not taking open spaces in layouts into possession. Reserved plots have been left open, leading to encroachment. The department does not have any data on open spaces. I have been raising the issue of Town Hall reservation land at Rajnagar. But no one is taking any interest,\" he said.Sole directed town planning department to submit a report on open spaces, and also on queries raised by Chopra. Later, corporator Raju Nagullwar and Munna Yadav also raised issues related to open spaces in their wards. Sole then said only the estate department had the authority to allot land or open spaces.Exposing another scam, leader of opposition Vikas Thakre said NMC incurred loss of Rs25 lakh by charging 5% less penalty on Ketan Motors in octroi evasion case. He did not receive any response from officials on this.Officials also cited lack of data regarding queries by some other corporators. Thakre then blasted officials for such callous attitude, and blamed the mayor and ruling party for the state of affairs. All Congress corporators staged a walkout after this.Earlier, Sunil Agrawal and Praful Gudadhe said the civic chief okayed the proposal for JNNURM's capital building for urban development project without the general body's consent. Gudadhe said this was done in other projects like Starbus too.Sole warned the administration not to repeat such violations and asked for a copy of every letter and report between NMC and government to be placed before the general body or mayor.Thakre, Prakash Gajbhiye and Arun Dawre alleged other irregularities in JNNURM projects including 24X7 water, Pench-IV, and demanded an enquiry. Dawre also accused private water operator OCWL of not responding to corporator's queries. Sole asked officials to give replies in writing within a week.Countering allegations of opposition, leader of ruling party Pravin Datke said 80% of mayor's rulings were followed by the administration. \"A government enquiry has proved Thakre's allegations wrong. But officials should not take corporators' queries for granted. Tax assessor Shashikant Hastak was not present in the meeting without any reason,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700134", "title": "Legal rights of a rape victim", "text": "NEW DELHI: In its extensive coverage of the gang rape, the media has largely refrained from naming the victim and her male friend. In the case of the friend, who has also been seriously injured, the media restraint in identifying him is entirely voluntary. But the restraint shown in the case of the victim is because of a legal bar backed with sanctions.Here's a quick look at the special rights conferred on rape victims by various laws: Section 228A of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) imposes a blanket ban on the disclosure of the name of the rape victim. Even if it happens to be mentioned in the FIR, anybody publicizing her name is liable to be punished with imprisonment up to two years.The Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) contains a special provision, Section 164A, to ensure that the victim is medically examined within 24 hours of the receipt of the information of the rape. Though it is meant for collecting evidence, the law stipulates that the examination cannot be done without her consent. This gives the victim the option of not being subjected to tests, for whatever reason. On the other hand, Section 53(1) of CrPC empowers state authorities to use force for the medical examination of the accused person.Where the accused is in a position of trust or authority over the victim (in police custody, jail, hospital, etc), Section 114A of the Indian Evidence Act says on the question whether the sexual act was consensual or not, her word will be taken at face value. As per the mandate of this provision, if \"she states in her evidence before the court that she did not consent, the court shall presume that she did not consent.\"Though the principle of fairness requires a trial to be held in an open court, Section 327(2) of CrPC lays down that in rape cases the judicial proceedings \"shall be conducted in camera\". It adds that it shall not be lawful for anybody to publish any matter related to such proceedings \"except with the previous permission of the court\".In the event of a gang rape, the victim is spared the burden of making specific allegations against all the accused. For, an explanation inserted in Section 376 IPC says that where a woman is raped by two or more persons \"each of the persons shall be deemed to have committed gang rape\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701177", "title": "125-member orchestra to perform on Dec 24", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Swaranandwan orchestra, formed by a 125-member physically challenged group, in a rare gesture, has extended a helping hand to a registered institute, 'Aai' which provides shelter to around 40 orphans sans any government funding or donation.The Swaranandwan orchestra has been holding events requesting the public to provide the less fortunate an opportunity to lead a confident life, holding their heads high, instead of depending on others. The band also lends a helping hand to the underprivileged through charity.Swaranandwan will perform in the city on December 24 at Sant Tukaram Natyagruha, Cidco and enthrall the audience with their gig, with the aim to help an NGO from Gervai called Aai Janhit Bahu Samajsevi sanstha - Home for humanity.The brainchild of Vikas Amte, secretary of NGO Maharogi Sewa Samiti and son of social worker Baba Amte, the orchestra was started in 2002 to give the visually challenged, the hearing impaired, the physically handicapped and the leprosy-affected, a platform to showcase their talent and instill in them the confidence to lead a regular life.It all started when Santosh Narayan Garje, who was born into the family of a poor sugarcane labourer in Patsara, Ashti tehsil, Beed district, lost his elder sister during her delivery. He shared his life story with TOI and his simplicity, sincerity and dedication towards his work touched every heart. \"Though I belonged to very poor family money was never my goal in life. I always wanted to serve the needy and the less privileged people in the society,\" claimed Santosh. \"My sister's death compelled me to take this path,\" he said.\"My sister's condition was very serious when she was in the seventh month of her pregnancy. Her husband had kicked my sister in her stomach because of which she and the infant both died. Her husband abandoned his elder daughter and remarried,\" said Santosh. \"Ultimately I had to adopt my niece.\"At the age of 20, Santosh was deeply moved by his niece's situation and thought about other such underprivileged children who did not have their parents to look after them. So in 2004, he made up his mind to adopt such kids and take care of them. At an age where a youngster only thinks about his own progress and success, Santosh took the less travelled path of charity.In the first year he adopted seven orphans. Today, Aai Janhit Bahu Samajsevi sanstha gives food, shelter, clothing and education to altogether 44 children between the age group 6 and 18 years - some are orphans, some have single parents, some kids belong to criminals who are in jails and some have been brought from the red alert zones.The Swaranandwan orchestra has been holding events requesting the public to provide the less fortunate an opportunity to lead a confident life, holding their heads high, instead of depending on others. The band also lends a helping hand to the underprivileged through charity", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17702328", "title": "Bhubaneswar Apollo hospital to use absorbable stents in angioplasty soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Apollo Hospital in Bhubaneswar will soon perform angioplasty using fully absorbable stents, the hospital said in a statement.Apollo Hospitals , Hyderabad, has performed the country's first coronary angioplasty using absorbable stent 'Absorb' recently.Dr P C Rath performed the complex procedure leading a team of interventional cardiologists comprising Dr Manoj Agarwal, Dr B V Purohit and Dr Kripal Reddy.It will mark a major milestone and is referred as the fourth revolution in interventional cardiology.Absorb is a revolutionary device which is made of dissolvable material and is a natural substitute for the metallic stent, being currently used to prop open the artery at the site of blockage after an angioplasty. Unlike a metallic stent which remains in the body for lifetime, Absorb dissolves in due course of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699687", "title": "Citizens hit Nagpur to demand justice for rape victim", "text": "NAGPUR: The waves of anger which have risen after the brutal rape of the Delhi student have swept over Nagpur too. A candle light march, signature campaign and demonstration in different parts of the city demanded justice for the rape victim and better steps by the administration for the protection of women.A candle light march was taken out by students of various hostels and colleges from Hingna T-Point to IT Park. \"We felt that we must do something and raise our voices to condemn atrocities against women,\" said Arpita Chowdhury, an engineering student.She said that around 300 students of various hostels around Hingna T-Point and their friends from various colleges had come together in this rally organized within a span of a day. \"We made calls, sent SMSes and contacted each other through Facebook and Twitter. Everybody was very enthusiastic and responded immediately,\" she said.Dr Ujwala Dange, chief warden of Priyadarshini Girls Hostel, said the students of which have taken the initiative to organize this rally said that she is very proud that her girls are leading the way. \"It is becoming increasingly unsafe and it is high time that the government took strict action against offenders. This is a peaceful rally to make that demand,\" she said.A signature campaign was also organized by Bhartiya Janta Yuva Morcha (BJYM) near Law College Square. \"Around 300 people have already signed on our white board, demanding strictest possible action against the culprits and stricter laws for such offenders,\" said Shivani Dani, Maharashtra yuvati pramukh, BJYM. They are also planning to send bangles to the home minister of India, symbolizing the inaction of the government.Another agitation was organized by the women's wing of NCP near Variety Square. \"We submitted a memorandum to home minister RR Patil, demanding stricter laws, capital punishment for rapists and police reforms. He said that they were also in favour of death penalty for rapists,\" said Nutan Rewatkar, NCP women's wing chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700583", "title": "CAG to be made party to irrigation scam PIL", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has permitted a social activist to make the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) a respondent in a public interest litigation on the alleged irrigation scam in Maharashtra.Petitioner Pravin Wategaonkar made an oral plea on the addition before a bench headed by Justice Ajay Khanwilkar on Thursday. The bench allowed him to amend the PIL to make CAG a party before January 7, 2013, and posted the matter for further hearing on January 15.The court has already received the state's response to the petition. In it, the state denies allegations of a nexus between ministers and contractors, but admits to several irregularities.For instance, it acknowledges that the governing council headed by the state water resources minister met just 49 times in 10 years up to 2010. As per law, the council is required to meet every month to approve and review important decisions. Attempting to write off the dereliction as inconsequential, the state said, \"Lesser meetings did not hamper the performance of Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation (KIDC) projects.\"But it might have. The PIL notes that KIDC did not pay Rs 8.25 crore as compensation to the villagers affected by the Jamda project in Ratnagiri. And yet it gave Rs 26.33 crore to the contractor as \"idle payment charges\" because work was held up owing to villagers' protests over lack of compensation. The state, in the response, says it \"only sanctioned the amount\" and has not paid the contractors yet.In a similar instance, the state confesses paying \"idle payment charges\" of Rs 7.4 crore to a contractor for a project at Nardave in Sindhudurg because protesting villagers stalled work. The PIL argues that while KIDC paid the contractor hastily, it failed to give less than half that amount to the forest department for acquiring forestland. The state's defence simply is that the forest department never demanded money.According to the PIL, no work can legally begin on a project unless all required land is acquired. But the state maintains that dam projects are split into two parts: land for one part is acquired and work on it begins. The PIL calls this strategy a ploy as part of \"institutionalised irregularities and corruption\" to delay projects and allow cost overruns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17702026", "title": "NIT staff eligible for Central government pension: Punjab and Haryana high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a relief to the staff of National Institute of Technology (NIT), Kurukshetra and Jalandhar, the Punjab and Haryana high court has ordered the ministry of human resource development (MHRD) to implement Central government pension scheme to cover the NIT staff.With these orders, hundreds of employees of these two NITs, who had joined the institutions before 2004, would now get pension after retirement. Importantly, the staff of the institute was covered under the pension scheme since its inception.A division bench headed by Chief Justice AK Sikri passed these orders while dismissing an appeal filed by the Union government.Justice Sikri held, \"\"The applicability of provisions of Central civil service rules to the employees of NIT, Kurukshetra, and NIT, Jalandhar, is not in dispute. It is on this basis that employees of these institutes, who were appointed prior to January 1, 2004, stand covered by the Central Civil Services (Pension) Rules, 1972\".The bench, however, allowed two months' time to the authorities to implement these orders.There are 20 such institutions in the country and most of them were having pension scheme for its staff, except NIT Kurukshetra and Jalandhar.Earlier, they were known as regional engineering colleges (REC), but were later renamed as NITs by MHRD and declared deemed universities under the NIT Act, 2007. Before re-christening, it was governed by a board of governors.The employees have been arguing that the board of governors had originally taken a decision on May 9, 1994 for extending pension scheme to the employees of the then REC, but the same was later rejected by MHRD in March 2001.It was further contended that after enactment of NIT Act, 2007 and its notification, these institutes automatically came under the pension scheme of the Central government, which has the provision of pension for all employees prior to January 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17700558", "title": "Pine city raises a toast to delicious oranges", "text": "SHILLONG: In the Scotland of the East, it's not only liquor which allures one and all. The smell of ripe oranges can also be intoxicating.The Polo Grounds here turned into a virtual orchard on Thursday as the 3rd Orange festival began on Thursday. The scent of citrus filled the air as people peeled off orange skins to savour the taste of home-grown oranges, considered one of the best in the country.The festival had on display the Khasi orange from Wahkien, which has been certified as the best in India by the Union ministry of horticulture, along with the famous 'Sohra' orange from Nongsteng and Mawphu.\"Our oranges called MS Sohtun are tastier,\" said a girl at a stall exhibiting exotic oranges from Umblai village near Cherrapunjee famous for orange honey. She added, \"We got the first prize.\"Oranges, known as \"sohniamtra\" in Khasi, could well be considered the state fruit of Meghalaya with several orchards and kitchen gardens boasting of producing the fruit in abundance. \"We have been organizing this festival for capacity building and empowerment of farmers,\" said Raphael Warjri, a renowned artist and one of the organizers.\"We want the orange-growers to get exposure and are also thinking of making orange-based exotic products,\" added Warjri.He added that scientists feel oranges of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills are the best in the world, but there has been no proper certification to substantiate this as yet. He said the juice content in oranges grown in Sohra (Cherrapunjee) is more than those found anywhere else.\"The orange peels here are thinner and not like shells on oranges from other parts of the country,\" he said, even as he rued that the sought-after Cherrapunjee honey is yet to be gainfully marketed outside Meghalaya. \"The festival will not only promote cultivation of the indigenous fruit but also boost tourism in the state,\" said a volunteer.Concerned with the decline in orange cultivation in the state, especially in and around Cherrapunjee, orange-growers got together three years ago to organize the unique festival under the banner of Synjuk Development for Self Help Group in co-ordination with the Riti Academy of Visual Arts under the aegis of the horticulture and tourism departments of the state government.In fact, Meghalaya produces around 40,000 metric tonnes of oranges annually, which is just five per cent of the national produce of about 7, 60,000 metric tones. \"Orange growers in the state must adopt modern technology to increase the yield,\" said an agriculture scientist. He stressed on the usage of orange peels, which have medicinal properties and are also used for producing perfumes.\"Orange trees are slowly dying due to pest infection over the years. Due to this, farmers are gradually cultivating other fruits,\" said an official at the festival. The farmers at the fair venue interacted with scientists from the Indian Council of Agricultural Research and Indian Citrus Research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701365", "title": "Stolen and found in Kolkata: A bus", "text": "KOLKATA: Move over two-wheelers and four-wheelers. Carjackers in the city have set their sight on buses. On Wednesday night, they stole a bus from a crowded road in north Kolkata and later left it abandoned sensing trouble.Around 11pm, the driver and the cleaner locked the bus and left for dinner. An hour later, they returned to sleep in the bus but to their surprise, they saw it missing. Initially, they thought that the owner might have shifted the vehicle. They then went to S Sanyal, the owner, but could not trace the bus and finally informed the cops. \"Around midnight, we received the call from Sanyal who informed us about his missing vehicle. We alerted all of our outposts and patrol vans,\" said an officer.Finally, police found the bus near Moulali around 12.30am. \"The bus was left abandoned. Perhaps the thief sensed trouble and left it,\" said an officer. But police are still in the dark with the new modus operandi. A probe revealed that the driver and the cleaner of the bus had taken the keys with them while going for their dinner. \"Perhaps, the thief used a master key,\" said an officer. Officers of the detective department have also started an investigation since they are concerned over the latest trend of crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17701930", "title": "Railway crossing near BRS Nagar closed", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a bid to facilitate work on the southern bypass project, the railway crossing near BRS Nagar on the road running parallel to Sidhwan canal to Pakhowal Road would be closed for three months starting Friday.According to additional commissioner, police, traffic Elanchezhian, the move is meant to facilitate construction of the railway overbridge on the railway crossing. He said the Dhuri Line crossing near Guru Nanak colony close to Sidhwan Canal would also be closed after a few days. However, he said arrangements would be made for traffic diversions.Railway crossings on the road running parallel to Sidhwan canal near BRS Nagar and Dhuri Line crossing near Guru Nanak colony are being closed after the Railways department approved construction of overbridges on these crossings. The overbridges are part of the 26 kilometre four laned Ludhiana- Doraha project alongside Sidhwan canal.While timely completion of the project would benefit everyone, residents are not happy with the decision.\" Life will be tough for three months, that is if the bridges are not delayed,\" said Kawalpreet singh, a businessman from BRS Nagar.The project deadline is March 31, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17701813", "title": "VIP security comes before policing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is the world's biggest metropolitan police force with sanction for 83,762 personnel , but only around 30% of this staff is actually available for general policing. And to a large extent, the city police's preoccupation with securing VIPs is to blame for this crisis at the street level.Here's an example. The Police Control Room System, including PCR vans, is the first point of contact for 1.67 crore Delhiites. With 8,558 personnel , it has the biggest staff allocation among all Delhi Police units. But the second largest allocation is for VIP security, with 7,315 policemen guarding 416 VIPs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d roughly 20 cops to a VIP. This unit is also assisted by forces such as SPG, CISF and police units from the northeast.Compare this with the police allocation for the city's 11 districts. The overall sanctioned strength is 36,593 personnel, or 3,326 per district. On the ground, the availability of personnel is even less.Taking every sanctioned post into account, there would be one cop for 199 Delhiites. But with only 45,893 'active' policemen, the ratio falls to one cop per 364 residents. This is only an average \u00e2\u20ac\u201d lopsided distribution means the situation is far worse in the peripheral districts. A small but elite district like New Delhi has 341 cops in each of its seven police stations while the 10-fold populous outer district has 278 cops in each of its 11 police stations.\"The outer district has 23 entry points from Haryana, yet we have sanction for only 4,169 personnel. On any day, 25% of my staff is not present in office while another 15% attends court,'' said an officer at the police headquarters.There is resentment over the proposal to put staff from the crime branch and the Economic Offences Wing on active policing at night. \"The crime branch and EOW are specialized investigation units. Instead of disturbing them, we can easily pull out policemen from security duty as not more than 3,000 men in this unit are directly attached to VIPs,'' said an officer.The VIP list has been trimmed over the years. In 2009, then home minister P Chidambaram managed to cut down the list to 416. \"He led by example, cutting down on his own security. A few took his cue but the attempt soon fizzled out,'' said an officer .Those who lost police cover included a freelance photojournalist, and around 100 others, including former chief justice YS Sabharwal. Security for former Union ministers Shivraj Patil, Ram Vilas Paswan and Jagmohan was also downgraded and that for Natwar Singh was withdrawn . \"We now provide cover only after a security audit by our special cell and the Intelligence Bureau,'' said a special cell officer, adding that the VIP security unit has also been pruned from 14,200 in 2008 to 7,315 now. Rashtrapati Bhawan alone has 968 cops deployed inside.Sources say many political hasbeens have held on to their security detail long after the threat to them has passed. There's political pressure to oblige. This is particularly true of police in state capitals whose recommendation becomes the basis for politicians to lobby home ministry officials for police protection. \"Many VIPs and VVIPs do not face any serious threat but are given a 'ceremonial' cover. These include present and former governors, retired judges, lawyers and spiritual leaders. There is scope for pruning the list,'' said an officer.Even as Delhi Police dithers on the problem, other security agencies are pulling out of the VIP security detail. The country's elite counterterror force NSG has decided to pull out more than 900 commandos rendering VIP duty and deploy them for specialist counter-terror and counter-hijack operations. \"There are lessons to learn for us,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701138", "title": "BAMU to inspect affiliated colleges", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Babasaheb Ambedkar Mararthwada University ( BAMU) administration has decided to visit all affiliated colleges for inspecting the facilities as stipulated by the affiliation norms.\"The inspection will be carried out by committees appointed by the university administration who will present a factual report of all colleges,\" said registrar Dhanraj Mane.Colleges who have scored less than 50 points will be visited first. \"The visits will be carried out in January,\" he added.A decision in the management council meeting held on December 20 stated that each committee should submit the real facts about the current status of the colleges, a single committee to be formed for graduate and post-graduate courses.The Shivaji Madan committee has submitted a prescribed form for registration of an institution for affiliation, according to which the affiliation committee has to visit at least two institutions on the day. Considering the number of colleges to be affiliated, minimum number of affiliation committees is set up. Accordingly, the committee with experts on the subject being taught in the colleges would be appointed.While issuing a letter regarding affiliation, the colleges would be made to accept examination centres on their respective premises and the college teachers should be prepared for assessment of the answer papers. These institutions would have to give details of vacant posts meant for backward classes in the proforma.Mane said that for the academic year 2012-13 around 81 colleges in Aurangabad city, 50 colleges in Aurangabad rural, 53 colleges in Jalna district, 88 colleges in Beed, 50 colleges in Osmanabad, while B.Ed colleges, 23 engineering colleges, 7 law colleges, 10 pharmacy colleges and 11 physical education colleges will be affiliated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701766", "title": "Shady cops, murky roads", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Flourishing drug trade, growing crimes and violence near discotheques point to a tacit understanding and collusion between unruly elements and the police. And thanks to the unholy nexus, police personnel have failed to stop discos from remaining open till late even as these turn into hubs for criminals.Five policemen were transferred for their failure to implement restricted disco timings but this hasn't allayed suspicions of cops' involvement with nefarious elements. There have been cases of policemen stopping drunken men from harassing women but to no avail.Voiced suspicion and resentment against the Chandigarh police, Federation of Sector Welfare Association Chandigarh ( FOSWAC) chairman P C Sanghi said, \"Discotheque owners are hand-in-glove with the police, who allow all sorts of illegal activities in the vicinity of discos. SHOs and DSPs of the Chandigarh police should be transferred if they are found lax.\"The recent chain of events has jolted the residents. In July this year, Sector 34 resident Khushi, 25, was arrested for supplying drugs to men near a Sector 17 disco. But security and patrolling near discos in sectors 17, 7 and 26 were not stepped up. Radhika's death due to heroin overdose on December 17 came a rude shock. Radhika's friend Sweeti Sharma introduced her to two drug peddlers in Sector 22 hours before her death.Sudhir Singla, a trader from Sector 22, suggested deployment of policemen in plain clothes both inside and outside discotheques to check the drug trade. Senior police officials recently transferred sub-inspector Baljinder Singh and Hansraj from the Sector 26 police station to Police Lines in Sector 26 for failing to act against three discotheque owners who kept their discos open till 4am instead of 2am on December 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701805", "title": "Functions will stick to stage", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Sector 17 piazza will no longer witness installation of temporary stage and tents to hold functions. Any event held at the commercial hub will be conducted on the permanent stage constructed by the Chandigarh administration. The development has come following the resentment of Sector 17 traders, who complained erecting temporary fixtures affected their business at the piazza.Members of the traders association of Sector 17 discussed the matter with the CITCO officials. It was decided in the meeting that programmes will be organized on the permanent stage in future, including the upcoming Christmas and New Year celebrations.Traders' association general secretary J P S Kalra said one of the major problems during the Plaza carnival entertainment programme, which is held in front of Neelam theatre, is that the entire area is pedestrian path.\"A stage has been constructed away from pedestrian path and showrooms to hold such events. After a detail conversation, the CITCO officials considered the ground reality and agreed to hold the events at the permanent stage only,\" said Kalra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17701369", "title": "Crimes against women: Cases pending against lawmakers", "text": "VARANASI: As public outrage grows against the heinous incident of rape in Delhi and the parliament discusses the issue, a report has revealed that there are several lawmakers who have similar cases pending against them as per their last affidavit declaration to the ECI. Even larger number of such people have been given tickets by political parties to contest elections in the last five years.The report was released on Thursday by Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and National Election Watch (NEW) who looked at the background of lawmakers (MPs and MLAs) with respect to rape cases and other crimes against women based on their affidavits. The report shows that there are several MPs/MLAs with declared cases of rape and other crimes against women, and political parties continue to field such candidates. The ADR/NEW strongly recommended that political parties should stop giving tickets to candidates with criminal backgrounds and those who have been charged with serious crimes like murder, attempt to murder, and crimes against women such as rape. The candidates with a criminal background should be debarred from contesting elections and political parties should be forced to disclose the criteria on which candidates are given tickets, they said, demanding that cases against MPs and MLAs should be fast tracked and decided upon in a time bound manner.All information about candidates, MLAs and ministers in this report has been taken from affidavits filed by the candidates with their nomination papers.According to the report, six MLAs have declared that they have charges of rape against them in their sworn affidavits submitted to the Election Commission of India at the time of their election. Of these six MLAs with declared rape cases, three are from Samajwadi Party (SP) from Uttar Pradesh, one from Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) from UP, one of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from Gujarat and one from Andhra Pradesh's TDP.Besides, 36 other MLAs have declared that they have other charges of crimes against women such as outraging the modesty of a woman, assault, and insulting the modesty of a woman. Of these, 6 MLAs are from INC, 5 from BJP and 3 from SP. Uttar Pradesh has the maximum number of MLAs (8) who have declared that they have charges of crimes against women, followed by Orissa and West Bengal with 7 MLAs each.Two MPs -one of ADMK from Salem constituency in Tamil Nadu and another of AITC from Tamluk constituency in West Bengal have declared that they have charges of crimes against women, such as cruelty and intent to outrage a woman's modesty.The report says that political parties gave tickets to 27 candidates who contested the state elections in the last five years and who have declared that they have been charged with rape. Of these, 7 are independent candidates, 5 have been given tickets by SP, 2 have been given tickets by BJP and 2 are BSP candidates.Out of these 27 candidates who declared rape charges, 10 are from UP and 5 are from Bihar. The political parties also gave tickets to 260 other contesting candidates in the legislative assembly elections held in the last five years who have declared that they have charges of crimes against women.Out of the 260 candidates, 72 are IND candidates, 24 have been given tickets by the BJP, 26 candidates have been given tickets by the INC, 16 have been given tickets by the SP and 18 have been given tickets by BSP. Maharashtra has the maximum number of such candidates (41), followed by UP (37) and West Bengal (22).The report further says that in Lok Sabha 2009 elections, political parties gave tickets to six candidates who declared that they have been charged with rape. Of these, one is from RPP, one from RCP, one from BSP, one from JMM and two independent candidates. Out of these 6 candidates, 3 are from Bihar, one from Delhi, one from UP and one from Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701126", "title": "More traffic police on city roads soon", "text": "AURANGABAD: Making yet another move to streamline the city traffic in the absence of proper infrastructure, the commissioner of police Sanjay Kumar has shifted 31 cops from the city police to its traffic police. The orders were issued by Kumar on Thursday evening.Speaking to TOI, deputy commissioner of police (headquarter) Somnath Gharge said, \"There has been a long pending demand to increase the number of men in the city unit of traffic police, so that the traffic in the city is streamlined. With the existing limited force, traffic police are forced to work by stretching shifts at times lasting for about 14 to 16 hours a day.\"The city's and its vehicle population have grown. \"We have been demanding additional force to handle the traffic across the city for almost a year. It was sanctioned today. We have got men who were earlier attached to city police stations, while the others were attached to the headquarters,\" added Gharge.The city is divided into three traffic divisions namely City, Cantonment and Cidco divisions, of which City division remains the largest comprising all the important commercial markets.\"The additional force includes 18 police constables, one lady police constable, seven naik police constables, four head constables and one assistant sub inspector. We will send 19 to the City division, four to the Cantonment division and eight to Cidco traffic division,\" said assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Ajit Borhade.The city division has 132 traffic police, Cantonment division has 30 and the Cidco division has 52 men.\"Issues of lack of vehicles and officials has been discussed with senior policemen and we will be putting up a proposal for two four-wheelers and four sub inspectors,\" Borhade added.There has been a long pending demand to increase the number of men in the city unit of traffic police, so that the traffic in the city is streamlined. With the existing limited force, traffic police are forced to work by stretching shifts, at times lasting for about 14 to 16 hours a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17701023", "title": "Illegal structures razed near Sarsaiyya Ghat", "text": "KANPUR: Continuing its weeklong anti-encroachment drive, the enforcement wing of Kanpur Municipal Corporation (KMC) removed a large number of illegal structures from areas near Bada Chauraha and Sarsaiyya Ghat here on Thursday.The drive will continue on Friday between Shani Temple of CTI Chauraha to Vijay Nagar industrial area.A team of KMC officials including head of KMC's enforcement wing CP Shukla and Zone 1 head reached Sarsaiyya Ghat on Thursday afternoon to carry out the drive. The team was also accompanied with a large police force and two bulldozers. According to the officials, as many as 40 permanent and non-permanent illegal structures were removed during the drive. The structures removed included 10 pucca rooms and 12 tin sheds. Around eight roadside benches and beds, two hutments and 19 shanties were also removed.\"The shopkeepers, most of whom had begun the work of removing encroachments on their own did not resist the drive which was conducted in a very smooth manner,\" informed CP Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704450", "title": "Women underestimate their weight more than men do", "text": "Women underestimate their weight by almost twice as much as men and by an average of 5lbs, a study has revealed. According to a Health and Social Care Centre report, the average British woman thinks they weigh 10st 11lbs when their actual weight is 11st 3lbs, the Mirro r reported. The report also shows the gap between perception and reality was biggest among women between 35 and 39. They think they are nearly 8lbs lighter than they actually are. Men underestimate their weight by about 3lbs, the report said. They mistakenly think they weigh 13st on average, when they actually weigh 13st 3lbs. It is not known why women underestimate their weight more than men. It is the first time the Health and Social Care Centre has examined the issue. More than 8,000 adults were quizzed about their perceived height and weight before their actual measurements were recorded by researchers. Parents were also asked whether they thought their child was the about the right weight, too heavy or too light before their child was measured. Incredibly, nearly half of parents of obese kids thought their child was \"about the right weight,\" according to the report Health Survey for England. And four out of five parents of overweight children thought their son or daughter was \"about the right weight.\" \"This survey gives a brand new insight into how the average adult in England has a different idea of their weight compared to what the scales actually show,\" HSCIC chief executive Tim Straughan said. \"Women appear to misjudge their weight more than men - with women in their late thirties in particular underestimating their weight by nearly 8lb,\" he added. If peoples' own estimated weight and height were used to classify their weight, 17 per cent of men and 20 per cent of women would be classified as obese. But the reality is much worse. Actual measurements put the figures at 24 per cent and 26 per cent respectively. The report found that while people are generally close to knowing their actual height, their perception of weight is far less accurate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17700136", "title": "Baga shack manager held for sound violations", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police on Thursday booked the manager of a beachside restaurant and bar in Baga for playing loud music late into the night without having the necessary permissions.The police said that they received a complaint that St Anthony's Bar and Restaurant in Baga was playing loud music at around midnight. The police team found a karaoke music session going on well beyond the permissible limit.The manager, Rahul Satardekar, was taken into custody and later placed under arrest under the provisions of the Madhya Pradesh Control of Music and Noise Act.The sound equipment including speakers and mixers were also seized by the police. The raid lasted till 2.30am. PSI Pednekar is conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17700076", "title": "Minor loses battle after rape bid", "text": "ALWAR: A 12-year-old girl, who was set ablaze by a youth after he failed to rape her in the presence of her two sisters and grandfather in Alwar's Govindgarh area, succumbed to burn injuries. The girl struggled for life for almost a week after the incident. The police, which had arrested the accused and booked him under attempt-to-rape charges have now added murder charges after her death on December 16. The incident, however, came to light only now.\"She was drifting in and out of consciousness till her death on December 16. We had already arrested 21-year-old Jaspal for the crime,\" said SHO, Govindgarh, Ashok Khatri.According to police, the incident took place in Sadampur village near Govindgarh on December 9. \"Jaspal barged into the house of the 12-year-old girl. The victim was sleeping in a room along with her two sisters. Jaspal attempted to rape the youngest girl in the presence of her two sisters. The girls' grandfather was sleeping in another room. Their father was out of the village and their mother had died a few years ago,\" said the officer.The officer said Jaspal fled from the house when the girl's sisters raised an alarm. \"They started crying for help. Before anyone could react, he set the girls' bed on fire and fled,\" the officer added. He even bolted the house from outside before fleeing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700786", "title": "Customs books seven diesel smuggling cases since 2009", "text": "NEW DELHI: After gold, it's diesel that is increasingly being smuggled into the country. Multiple cases of diesel smuggling from West Asian nations have come to the notice of the finance ministry, and the government has asked Customs and Coast Guard to enhance surveillance along the western coast.Most of the cases have been detected along Maharashtra and Gujarat coastline. Customs authorities have booked at least seven cases of diesel smuggling \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all in Maharashtra \u00e2\u20ac\u201d over the last three years.Four cases were filed in 2009-10 following seizure of diesel consignment valued at Rs 24 lakh. In 2011-12, three more cases were registered, and the value of diesel seized was Rs 115 lakh.In a written response to the Rajya Sabha, minister of state for finance S S Palanimanickam said on Thursday that no involvement of Customs officials has come to light so far.In one of the cases, a vessel from the UAE carrying 890 tonnes of diesel had anchored off Mumbai coast. The Colombo-bound vessel, after offloading half of the consignment, sailed for another destination off Gujarat coast and offloaded part of its consignment mid-sea there.For more than three weeks, the vessel was shuttling between Gujarat and Mumbai coasts before it was apprehended by Coast Guard officials.Typically, diesel smuggled from Gulf nations are sold to dealers in western Indian states, and comes at a fraction of the cost of legal procurement that involves Customs and other state duties.The government is grappling with the surge in gold smuggling after it imposed certain curbs to discourage huge imports of yellow metal since it created major current account deficit.Gold bars and ornaments were diverted from Singapore and Hong Kong to Thailand and then brought to India, using the loopholes in the free trade agreement. Customs authorities have booked several such smuggling cases in recent months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701485", "title": "Meeting will be held regularly", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi University senate meeting was successfully conducted on Thursday after a gap of four years and 10 months.Vice-chancellor of Ranchi University, Dr L N Bhagat said, \"I was a registrar at Ranchi University when the senate meeting was held last time in January 2008. I am happy that I was able to conduct the meeting in my first year as a VC. There were 25 agenda discussed in the meeting.\"It was decided at the meeting that as per the rules, the senate meeting will now be held regularly. \"Rules say that senate meeting should be held twice in an academic year, one in March or April and another annually in November or December. The members of the senate decided that now onwards the meeting will be organized twice every year,\" said Bhagat.At the meeting it was decided that a committee of five members will be constituted to approach industrial houses for resource mobilization.Bhagat said, \"The fee for students of UG is Rs 14 per month and for PG it is Rs 16 per month which is not sufficient for the university. The committee formed will explore how to get grants from the corporate houses under corporate social responsibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700298", "title": "Railway fares in Mumbai to rise Rs 2-4 from January 1", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's suburban train commuters, used to seeing virtually no upward revision in ticket rates over the years, will finally have to brace themselves for a hike from January 1, 2013.The Railways have decided to increase the ticket surcharge in order to fund the repayment of a loan taken from the World Bank for the rail component of the Mumbai Urban Transport Project. The increase in surcharge, in some cases thrice as much as the present surcharge, could translate into a hike of Rs 2 to Rs 4 on tickets. TNN P 4As per an understanding between the state government and the Railways, the surcharge was to be imposed in three phases\u00e2\u20ac\u201din 2003, 2006 and 2009. The first surcharge was imposed in Sept 2003, from which the revenue earned is Rs 80 crore per annum. Thereafter, however, the railways decided against levying a surcharge because of political considerations. Now finally the fares are set to go up, as first reported by TOI in its Nov 20 edition.\"It was decided to increase the surcharge after the completion of the winter session of Parliament,\" said a source. \"Thus, the Railway Board sent an official communication to Central Railway and Western Railway on Tuesday after Parliament was concluded.\"On account of the surcharge, a one-way journey of between 10 and 50 km will increase by Rs 4 for first-class travel and Rs 2 for second class. The fare for a monthly season ticket will vary according to the distance\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthere will be no surcharge for the first 10 km but for the next slab of 11-50 km, the monthly season ticket (MST) could increase by Rs 40 for first class and Rs 20 for second class. A quarterly season ticket (QST) is likely to increase by Rs 120 and Rs 60 for first class and second class respectively. For example, a first-class monthly season ticket between Churchgate and Borivali or CST and Thane, a distance of around 35 km, will now cost Rs 640 as against Rs 600. For a quarterly season ticket (QST), the fare is likely to be Rs 1,745 as against the earlier Rs 1,625.For the next slab of between 51 km and 100 km, an MST is likely to increase by 60 and Rs 30 respectively for first class and second class while a QST could increase by 180 for first class and Rs 90 for second class. According to a senior railway official, the revenue earned by the railways through the surcharge will be to the tune of Rs 160 crore per year.The decision to hike ticket rates has come after the change of guard in the railway ministry, now headed by the Congress' Pawan Kumar Bansal. In the past, the several regional party politicians who held the portfolio repeatedly rebuffed the Maharashtra government's demand to increase fares. \"This populism was hurting the state's finances,\" said a railway official. \"The finance ministry gives central assistance to states from revenue earned through direct and indirect taxes. Since the surcharge has not been levied since 2006, Maharashtra's debt servicing for the MUTP loan is adjusted by deducting the money allotted from funds meant to come to the state under central assistance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701595", "title": "Extortion message to gas agency owner's son", "text": "PATNA: Sudhanshu Singh, son of B N Singh, owner of a gas agency at Saguna Mor, received a threatening SMS on his cellphone demanding Rs 10 lakh as rangdari on Wednesday. Singh lives at IAS Colony under Rupuspur police station area in the state capital.Rupuspur police station SHO Nehar Bhushan said Sudhanshu received an SMS on Wednesday afternoon on his cellphone asking him to pay Rs 10 lakh or face dire consequences. He said Sudhanshu had named the son of Brahmdeo Rai in the FIR, alleging that he recently had a dispute with him (Rai's son) over the gas agency. The police are investigating the case from all possible angles, the SHO added.Two held for youth's murder: The Beur police on Thursday arrested Vinay Kumar Singh and his son Swadesh alias Golu on the charge of murdering a youth, Guddu Kumar, 27, at their house at Beur Akhara locality. Guddu's body was recovered from the locality on Wednesday.Beur police station SHO M Paswan said Guddu, an employee in a biscuit factory in Ranchi, came in contact with Kanchan, who lives at her relative's house in the locality. Two days back, Guddu reached the girl's house as she had called him. But the family members discovered his presence and assaulted him mercilessly. As Guddu tried to escape, the father-son duo raised an alarm, chased him and further assaulted him, resulting in his death on the spot. They, then, threw the body.Man crushed to death: One Kaushal Kishore Singh, 60, was crushed to death by a speeding tractor on Phulwarisharif main road under Phulwarisharif police station on Thursday evening. Police station SHO N K Rajak said the mishap took place at around 6.30pm. The driver escaped with the tractor after the incident. Police are trying to trace the driver and the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701637", "title": "Mahila police station's bitter experience with doctors, hospitals", "text": "PATNA: Some of the heinous crimes rock and shock the city and the nation only to be forgotten after a while. The residents of Patna would remember the Ria gang rape case that went viral in July this year and Patna police had arrested all the seven accused within ten days from the day of lodging of the FIR.But, even after the third hearing on December 3 before a fast track court in Patna, charges against the accused are yet to be framed. However, the court had rejected the discharge petition of the accused.SHO of Mahila Thana, Patna, Mridula Kumari said, \"Whenever any rape case is registered, our primary job is to take the victim to a hospital for medical examination. But the hospital authorities never cooperate with the police. Every rape allegation is sensitive and the medical examination should be treated on priority basis. But the doctors, for some unknown reasons, do not pay attention to our requests. They refuse to take up cases after 2pm claiming that no lady doctors could be found in the second half of the day at the government hospitals. The hospital authorities also take long time to hand over the final medical reports,\" she said.Another lady sub-inspector wishing not to be quoted said, \"I took the girl, who had accused Dr Ramesh Prasad Singh of rape, to Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH). Shockingly, they refused to take the girl for medical examination, claiming that the Kankarbagh area was not under 'PMCH jurisdiction'. Then we had to take the victim to Gardanibagh hospital and some other places.\"It was not a case in isolation; other lady sub-inspectors, too, have the same kind of experience. Who will ask the doctors that only police stations have their areas demarcated and not the hospitals!The sole Mahila Thana of Patna deals with women-related cases of 75 police stations of Patna district, including those of rural areas. But only with two vehicles and five personal two-wheelers, how these ladies are expected to do justice with their jobs? Any city girl can call on 9470001390 in emergency, Mridula said.BoxTotal strength - 1 inspector, 11 sub-inspectors (1 on maternity leave), 10 constables deployed near different schools and colleges", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699405", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u212293 blasts mastermind Ansari in city jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Special Investigation Team (SIT) sleuths on Thursday formally arrested the alleged mastermind of the 1993 serial blasts in the city. Jalees Ansari, founder of Tanzeem Islahul Muslimeen (TIM), was brought to the city from the Ajmer district prison on a Prisoner's Transit (PT) warrant on Monday, 19 years after the bomb blasts.Ansari was produced before the VII additional metropolitan sessions court-cum-communal offences court at Nampally by the heavily-armed Rajasthan police. He was shifted to Cherlapally jail on a 14-day judicial remand.He was arrested in January 1994 along with some of his associates for engineering serial blasts at several places across the country to avenge the demolition of the Babri Masjid . On August 12, 1993, the TIM members had planted bombs with timers near Humayun Nagar and Abids police stations. The bombs exploded causing damage to the compound wall of Humayun Nagar police station and injuring the watchman of a shop adjacent to the Abids police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700457", "title": "UPSRTC extra buses for express way", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh transport department has introduced an extra bus service for the Yamuna Expressway to extend UPSRTC passengers the benefits of express service. However, passengers have to pay extra to board the buses on the expressway.\"It has been a month-and-half we started the bus service on the expressway,\" said Alok Kumar, transport commissioner.The management of the Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) had been mulling to run bus service on the expressway to make it easier for passengers who board buses to any of the six districts that the expressway connects between Agra and Noida.It was the high toll rate that had kept the authorities from introducing the bus service on the expressway. UPSRTC officers had said that running a roadways bus would incur them additional cost of at least Rs 25 extra per km for every passenger, resulting in huge losses for the corporation, unless the fare structure was designed as per the toll tax for the expressway. tnnThe expressway bus service is expensive because of the high toll rates. There are provisions in the government rule that 25% extra amount of fare can be charged for express services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17702106", "title": "Mysore institute turns students into industry-ready graduates", "text": "MYSORE: To overcome the concerns raised by National Assessment and Accreditation Council - that only 10% of the graduates are employable -- Mysore Institute of Commerce and Arts (MICA) has come up with a unique programme.MICA Integrated Skills Training (MIST) Finishing School Programme has been designed to mould industry-ready candidates. They are supplemented with professional skills throughout their graduation, said Ashraf Peeran, MICA chairman. According to him, most of the students start hunting for jobs after graduation, only to be rejected many times.The reasons for their failure are simple -- they lack communication skills.A student doing well in all levels of interview may fail when it comes to communication, the foremost requirement to bag jobs, he said, and cited an example: \"A commerce student scored well academically in accounting, but he failed to exhibit his talent practically. To equip students with hands-on experience, MICA will train them from first year itself with resource persons from various fields and companies.\"Students will be given exposure to related subjects through talks, seminars, workshops and tours. They will be groomed for business and personal etiquette so that they hone their skills for interviews. The chairman said that they won't charge extra fee for the training.Ashraf said they admit students from varied backgrounds, including academics. \"The aim is to make them capable and face the real world,\" he added.The MIST programme aims at moulding students into being \"at least 85% competent\" at the end of their, he said.Badiuzzama, first year BBM student, said: \"The programme is helping me in many ways. I understand lessons and apply them practically in my studies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17701222", "title": "Narendra Modi-as-PM chorus will now become irresistible", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699609", "title": "Aerobridge 1 and 2 functioning properly", "text": "NAGPUR: Both the aerobridges of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport, Nagpur are functioning properly. P Anil Kumar , CEO, Mihan India Limited (MIL), which is responsible for airport management said that since their re-commissioning on December 1 and 7, aerobridges 1 and 2 are functioning without any problem.But both the aerobridges were not in use on December 9 evening during the take-off of a Jet Lite flight to Mumbai, sources said. \"Some airlines use them, while some don't. About 70% aircrafts landing in the airport are using the aerobridges now,\" said Kumar. A source said that sometimes miscreants give wrong information to malign company's image.Sources at the airport said that many a time airlines prefer using remote bays rather than aerobridges to save on time. \"When an aerobridge is used, there is only one entry or exit point which can be used. On the other hand, when a plane uses a remote bay, both the doors of the aircraft can be used, thus speeding up the whole process,\" the source said.But an airline official said that though they wanted to use them, many a time they were not allotted an aerobridge and hence had to use remote bays. \"It is more comfortable for our customers, so why wouldn't we use it?\" said an airline operator. They also said that whenever they are allotted an aerobridge they are very eager to use it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17700678", "title": "Tripura man beats up wife, sent to 14-day custody", "text": "AGARTALA: A 33-year-old man has been arrested and sent to 14-day judicial custody for beating up his wife and throwing his six-month-old girl child from the bed following his spouse's refusal to bring money from her in-laws in the Nandannagar area of Agartala. The child has been admitted to Agartala Government Medical College.According to reports, the accused, Rupam Bhowmik, has been torturing his wife for the last three years. His wife recently gave birth to a girl child, which was not acceptable to Rupam.On Sunday, Rupam again put pressure on his wife to bring money from her parents. When she refused, Rupam threw the baby from the bed. Rupam's wife retrieved the baby and shifted her to hospital in a critical condition.\"The incident shows how unsafe women, girls and brides in Tripura are,\" said former minister and women Congress leader Bibha Nath. Nath pointed out that as many as 19 women are being rapped in Tripura every month and atrocities on women recorded is 60. Besides, at least 10 brides are killed on an average every month. She said at least one rape case is reported in every two days in Tripura.Tripura is leading the list in the country with 1181 police personnel for every lakh of people but in respect of crime in general, the state is the highest over the last few years. .Tripura chief minister Manik Sarkar has expressed concern over increasing crimes against women and poor conviction rate in the state. He has pledged to consider the demand of fast track court proposed by opposition legislators.Sarkar admitted in the assembly that the conviction rate under Indian Panel Code (IPC) sections in Tripura was second lowest in the country at 11.1 per cent only after Orissa (9.9 per cent) where national average was 40.7 per cent.Opposition leader Ratan Lal Nath said as many as 73 rapes, 261 molestations and 127 kidnapping of teenagers had been recorded in the state between August and December last. On an average 52 women are getting raped and 20 are facing domestic atrocities every month.\"According to National Crime Record Bureau, Tripura tops the list of crimes against women and low rate of conviction in the country since 2005,\" alleged Nath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700845", "title": "Diversification plan boosted Gujarat farm growth", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gujarat strongman Narendra Modi's hat-trick in assembly polls can not just be attributed to the success of BT cotton but also the massive crop diversification programme that has helped the state take pole position in farm sector growth.Experts say the massive crop diversification programme, irrigation and transport infrastructure are driving up production at a frenetic pace.While the Centre has been trying to achieve 9% gross domestic product (GDP) on a sustained basis, Gujarat has notched up a farm growth of 9.6% in 2010-11. The Centre has also been struggling to step up farm growth to the desired level of 4%.\"BT cotton is just a small part of the Gujarat farm story. The larger story is diversification. It is the crop diversification which has helped tremendously. They have moved away from cereals,\" said Pronob Sen, principal adviser in the Planning Commission.Sen said while BT cotton crop had failed in Vidharbha due to faulty seeds and high prices, the Gujarat government produced very high quality seeds and made them available at a cheaper price. \"Seed quality is at the heart of the cotton story,\" Sen added. \"State support was very important,\" said the Planning Commission adviser.Experts also said that the efficient road and transportation network also helped perishable farm produce to be marketed without getting destroyed.The robust farm sector growth has put Gujarat among the five top agro producing states in the country between 2001-02 and 2011-12. In addition, Gujarat did not figure in the list of top five farm producing states between 1991-92 and 2001-02.\"It has a lot to do with the role of the government and is a strategy towards balanced economic growth and not just focus on industry. There is more to agriculture than cotton. They are strong in oilseeds, pulses, coarse grains and spices like jeera. They have made the best use of the agro-climatic conditions, soil and irrigation through proper structuring of,\" said Madan Sabnavis, economist at CARE ratings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17700657", "title": "Cops beaten up, car torched after fatal accident in Mewat", "text": "GURGAON: One person was killed and six others were critically injured when a dumper rammed a dozen vehicles in Nuh in Mewat district on Thursday. Villagers, who witnessed the accident, became agitated and torched three vehicles, including a police gypsy and a public transport bus, apart from beating up six policemen.It was a virtual free-for-all situation on Thursday, when mob mentality prevailed among the protesters. The villagers, accusing the administration of allowing overloaded dumpers to enter the city during the restricted hours, torched three vehicles and beat up half a dozen policemen, holding their inaction as the main reason behind the accident.The incident took place on Hodal Chowk around 11am when an overloaded dumper rammed a dozen vehicles, including an Alto, more than four autorickshaws, a motorcycle, a Max Jeep and finally another dumper.In the accident, Aas Mohmad, a resident of Sudaka village, died while six others were critically injured and were rushed to the general hospital but eventually referred to Gurgaon and Safdarjung Hospital, Delhi. The injured victims were identified as Isab, Liyakat, Mohmad Ajeem, Iqbal, Vahid and Samsudden. As word about the accident spread locals from nearby areas reached the spot and started protesting when police tried to load the body in their van.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17701109", "title": "Four bonded workers rescued from rice mill", "text": "CHENNAI: Officials in Kancheepuram rescued four people forced into indentured labour in a raid on a rice mill in Annathur village on Thursday. The officials, who conducted the operation based on a complaint by the International Justice Mission, said the rescued workers had spent between one and two years as bonded labourers.\"The owner of Madhana Gopal Rice Mill paid the workers much less than the minimum 136.02 per day as stipulated by the government for rice mill labourers,\" an official said. \"The proprietor, Madhana Gopal, did not allow them freedom of movement or to work outside.\"They were held for debts though they had repaid the loans many times over. The officials filed charges of bonded labour against Gopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17698651", "title": "End of the world for few sporting stalwarts in 2012", "text": "For quite a few top sportstars, 2012 meant the end of the world as they knew it. TOI pays a tribute to the stalwarts who bid goodbye this year and also recognizes a few brave hearts who dared to come back and win a few more hearts, if not titlesIt's the end of the year and if the Mayans got their calculations right, it might just be the end of times. For the past 12 months, while one half of the world has been busy picking out the flaws in the ancient prognosis and the other hoarding supplies and digging backyard bunkers, the sporting world too has been hit by cataclysms of its own.Deaths and departures, both timely and untimely, ravaged the world of sports this year. 2012 saw the departures of Indian hockey legend Leslie Claudius, veteran boxing trainer Angelo Dundee (a three-time Olympic gold medalist boxer from Cuba) and Teofilo Stevenson (another celebrated Cuban boxer). The untimely death of 26-year-old world champion swimmer Alexander Dale Oen, just weeks before the London Games, added to the gloom.They say sports stars die twice, the first time at their retirements. Naturally, the R-word plagued the best of the lot for the better part of the year. So, what happens when the adoration of a nation comes to an end and the crowds stop chanting your name?Our biggest sporting hero has been dealing with that for quite sometime now. The last couple of months witnessed rumour mills work round to clock to fuel speculations about the biggest cricketing retirement that never happened - that of Sachin Tendulkar. The simultaneous retirements of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman further heightened the assumptions, and not even a hundred international centuries seemed enough to stop the wagging tongues.And when former Aussie skipper Ricky Ponting decided to declare his professional innings, many thought it ought to have shown Sachin the right path. Especially, as both suffered from a similar lack of notable performance or contribution to the team.While he has been rendered unstrung by the growing disenchantment among the public, critics and media circles, Sachin himself has remained mostly mute, saying he would \"only listen to his heart\". What we might find under the fold of his silence is what former world No. 1 and American tennis ace Andy Roddick spoke while announcing his retirement at the US Open on his 30th birthday - of the fear behind calling it quits!Sportsmen have fallen prey to depression after their retirements, sometimes leading them to make a comeback (Michael Schumacher).However, such thoughts don't seem to trouble the 27-year-old head of Michael Phelps, who after a medal haul of 18 gold, two silver and two bronze, called it quits for good following the London Games.Whether it sees the end of the world or not, the about-to-end-year definitely witnessed the termination of a few eras in the sporting horizon. And though no one knows if time, indeed, will come to a halt as the Mayans have predicted, the ball, surely, will keep rolling for sports.Dravid, Laxman &amp; Ponting (Cricket): The game was left poorer this year with three of the world's best Test batsman - Rahul Dravid, VVS Laxman and Ricky Ponting - calling it a day. That meant letting go of three run machines whose contributions in Test cricket alone over the last decade-and-a-half tallied up to a little more than 35,000 runs. Dravid left just when you thought he would stay a little longer and oversee the transition of an ageing team to a younger generation. Laxman left just days before the start of the Test series against New Zealand in September, in the backdrop of growing whispers that seniors needed to be eased out. Ponting left when he felt he was wasting a middle-order slot.Michael Phelps (Swimming): Having become the most decorated Olympian in history with 22 medals, eight of them in one edition (8 gold medals, Beijing). But Phelps decided to leave the pool after the London Games at the ripe 'old' age of 27! Some new talent may overtake his mark in the years to come, but the legacy of Phelps will continue to live on.Valediction...Michael Ballack (Football): He began his professional career in 1995 and won his first Bundesliga title with Kaiserslautern in 1998. But Ballack came to be recognised as a force in football during his stint with German club Bayern Leverkusen between 1999-2002. Ballack had an overpowering presence on the football pitch, a quality which was recognised by Leverkusen's rivals Bayern Munich, for whom he went on to play a pivotal role. In the four years he spent at Bayern (2002-06 ), he made 107 appearances and scored 44 goals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17702105", "title": "There are 115 reasons why Sadbhavana worked: BJP", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17700605", "title": "Lawyer, three others chargesheeted for Silchar gang rape", "text": "SILCHAR: Police have submitted a chargesheet against four men including a lawyer, the prime accused in the kidnapping, gang rape and attempt to murder case of an 18-year-old girl student of Women's College, Silchar.The chargesheet was framed and submitted to a Silchar court on Wednesday, more than four months after the gruesome incident. The incident had shaken up this southern Assam town.The chargesheet came at a time when Silchar joined the nationwide protest against the gang-rape and brutal assault of a 23-year-old girl by six men in a moving bus in Delhi on Sunday night. The victim was later thrown out of the vehicle in a critical condition.The 18-year-old Silchar student, a resident of Uzan Bazar in Guwahati, was staying at the students' hostel of Women's College, Silchar. She was a HS (Commerce) 2nd year student. She was allegedly kidnapped and raped by a gang of four miscreants, who later tried to kill her, on August 11 this year. The critically-injured student was admitted to Silchar Medical College Hospital (SMCH).The prime accused, Dibyendu Jyoti Kar, was a lawyer of Silchar Bar Association. He was arrested by the police on August 16, five days after the incident. Dibyendu, the son of a senior Congress leader and resident of Dalu in Borkhola near here, was rounded up from Borkhola locality. Three more accused in the case were arrested later. They were identified as Latumian Gazi alias Dai, Shebul Ahmed Gazi and Putul Ahmed Laskar alias Bulbul, and were nabbed from Borkhola locality of Cachar district.According to an FIR filed by the victim's mother on August 13 in Silchar, the girl was allegedly abducted by Kar and three of his accomplices on the afternoon of August 11 from the busy Ullashkar Dutta Sarani of Silchar while she was going to the house of her private tutor from her college hostel. After forcibly picking her up in a car, the miscreants drove towards VIP Road connecting to Silchar airport. There, they allegedly gang-raped the girl at a desolate spot along the road.The miscreants abandoned her at Sadarghat locality in Silchar at around 8pm the same day and fled. Local shopkeepers noticed the girl crying by the roadside, unclothed and with multiple injuries on her body and face. One of the shopkeepers gave her clothes to wear and called one of her relatives in the town on a telephone number given by the girl. After being rescued, she was immediately admitted to a local hospital.However, an FIR was filed to the police only after her mother and sister came from Guwahati. The girl was produced before the court and her statement was recorded. She recovered at SMCH and was later shifted to Guwahati. The accused are in jail now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17701275", "title": "School principals get a dose of \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcself-understanding\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 at IIM-R", "text": "RAIPUR: The day four of the training programme being conducted by IIM-R and SCERT for the principals of several schools, started with Prof Ajit Prasad, dean, academics, guided the principals to formulate their project work and offered psychometric tools to help them understand their self scientifically.Prof Ajit Prasad reiterated the importance of project work and assisted the participants in formulating projects that will enable them to apply the knowledge, skills gained during the training to their schools.The second session was taken up by Prof Shubhra Hajela, who administered and analysed the psychometric scores of the participants on various psychometric tools. The result of the session was the creation of a psychological profile for each of the participants, which assisted them in a better and scientific understanding of the self.Prof S K Mitra took the importance of benchmarking schools and laid down dimensions on which benchmarking should be done to improve the quality of education. The participants culled out various dimensions true to their schools and discussed how those dimensions be used to benchmark schools at the state/national level.The last session was taken up by Prof Vinita Sahay and Prof Sanjeev Prashar on Transactional Analysis where they discussed the need of understanding self-using the framework of transactional analysis with participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17701761", "title": "Crackdown on smoking in public, 14 fined in Berhampur", "text": "BERHAMPUR: In a crackdown on smoking at public places, the district administration recently penalized around 14 people and collected Rs 950 from them. Enforcement squads led by the collector conducted raids at the New and Old bus stand, railway station and MKCG Medical College and Hospital premises under Berhampur Municipal Corporation (BMC). \"We will continue the raids aimed at making Ganjam a tobacco-free district by 2013,\" additional district medical officer (public health) L K Rath said.Volunteer Health Association of India (VHAI), an NGO, has extended support to the administration in carrying out the drive. \"We are also creating awareness on different provisions of the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products ACT, 2003, among people\", said coordinator of VHAI Abinash Thakur. The Act also bars use of minors in transporting tobacco products, and sale of narcotics near educational institutions, he said, adding that display boards segregating no-smoking zones and cautioning people on the dangerous aspects of smoking and chewing gutkha would be installed at many places in the district.Revenue Divisional Commissioner (southern division) Arvind Padhee had issued an order to the collectors of 10 southern Odisha districts to enforce the prohibition on smoking and chewing of gutkha on government office premises.While smoking in public places has already been made a punishable offence, the government, in an order on April 25, 1989, banned use of intoxicants on office premises. \"Violation of the order may invite disciplinary action,\" Thakur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17700391", "title": "Foreign coach of Kiwis is India's yesteryear hockey star", "text": "BHOPAL: He was one of India's finest goalkeepers the country has ever produced. Now, he is one of the leading coaches in New Zealand preparing players for Kiwis. India's yesteryear star of late 90s, Jude Menezes is the assistant coach of Auckland team, participating in the Obaidullah Khan Gold Cup hockey tournament on-going at Aishbagh Stadium here. He is disappointed with the 'individual' approach of players in the Indian team.\"Every state participating in nationals or tournaments like Obaidullah Cup is playing their own style of hockey. When these players are selected for the national team, lack of understanding becomes obvious during the game. This is a major problem Indian hockey is facing today,\" former goalkeeper said.Having represented the country in the World Cups and Olympics, Jude said there is no comparison of Indian hockey skill at the international level. \"Indian hockey style is unique and best in the world but players do not seem to understand it. Every state team has developed its own style, which later result in disastrous performance as recently seen in London Olympics,\" Jude said.Reacting sharply over the star players of the team, Jude said, \"A player is to perform on the ground which can only be possible if you remain a player. Players should not feel that they are permanent members of a unit. Rather they should focus on giving their best at every opportunity.\"Citing example of recent performance of Indian team in Champions Trophy, he said the team could make it to semis as there was proper infusion of 'fresh-blood' in the team. \"Difference between the performance in London Olympics and Champions Trophy clearly suggests the change is required in the team,\" he said.About the foreign coach, he said, \"Taking services of foreign coaches for the national team is a good idea. But, the good results come only when players listen to coaches and interference is less,\" Jude said. Justifying his statement, he said: \"Ric Charlesworth failed during his stint with the Indian hockey team. However, the same coach put Oz to a higher level after turning coach of Australia. It shows there is some problem in the system and not in foreign coaches.\"Jude migrated to New Zealand after declaring his retirement from Indian hockey team in early 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699612", "title": "'CM considering Bandra-Kurla like business district in Nagpur'", "text": "NAGPUR: State's chief secretary JS Banthia has urged local industrialists to come up with ideas to develop a business district near Mihan. Addressing a meeting organized by the Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA), he said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is keen on getting investment in the Mihan project and was considering whether a business district like the Bandra-Kurla Complex in Mumbai can come up in Nagpur too.The local industrialists present during the meeting spoke about pending Value Added Tax (VAT) refunds, to which Banthia said he would be taking up the issue with the state's finance secretary. In some of the cases the businessmen claimed they were slapped notices warning of action, because the seller to whom they had paid the tax had not deposited the amount in government exchequer. VIA members contended that they should not face action for the seller's default.Sudhir Paliwal of Vidarbha Environment Action Group ( VEAG) suggested that state-owned Mahagenco should install flu gas desluphurisation (FGD) equipment in the power plants such as the one in Koradi and Khaparkheda. Mahagenco's managing director Ashish Sharma, however ruled out the need saying that the coal used in the plants does not have sulphur. So there is no need of a FGD which needs an investment of Rs 300 crore.Industrialists also raised concern about the high power tariff and unavailability of land in the existing Butibori Industrial estate. Managing director of MSEDCL Ajay Mehta, who was present in the meeting, said measures to reduce the tariff are being worked out, however, the details cannot be divulged due to the assembly session being under way.The major reason for the high power tariff to the industry is that the cost of providing cheap power to farmers and small users is recovered from this sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17700129", "title": "Crime branch begins enquiry into GMC OPD fire", "text": "PANAJI: Following a request by health minister Laxmikant Parsekar to chief minister Manohar Parrikar for an inquiry into the fire incident at the Goa Medical College and hospital at Bambolim on Tuesday, suspecting foul play, the crime branch on Thursday began an investigation.The pharmacy of Goa antibiotic pharmaceutical pvt ltd (GAPL) located on the ground floor of the out patient department ( OPD), was gutted in a fire on Tuesday.Parsekar said a couple of people who met him have expressed surprise that within a short duration, the whole pharmacy was destroyed. \"Doubts were raised over the fire incident. On Wednesday, I had a discussion with the chief minister and requested him to order a police inquiry,\" he said.\"When we reached the spot, the fire had reached the passage. Fire fighting operation was taken up from the front and rear of the building,\" said Rajendra Haldankar, divisional officer.He added that they will not be able to ascertaint as to what caused the fire without a report from the electricity department. S V Vernekar, general manager, economic development corporation (edc), in-charge of GAPL, has ruled out any possibility of foul play.Stating that the loss could be between 70-75 lakh, he said they have requested the GMC to provide an alternate space to set-up a pharmacy until the building is declared fit for occupation.The GMC, on Thursday shifted most of the OPDs to Yatri Niwas, located within GMC premises.The OPDs of surgery, super-specialty, medicine, pediatrics, and ENT have been taken to Yatri Niwas as well. OPDs of opthalmology will be in ward 101, and orthopedic and gynecology OPDs will continue to function from their original places -OPD -7 and 23 respectively.Parsekar said OPDs will be moved into the old building after it is declared safe by Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation (GSIDC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17701049", "title": "LPG truckers go on strike, no shortage yet", "text": "CHENNAI: LPG tanker operators began an 'indefinite' strike on Thursday, but there was no shortage of LPG cylinders yet, industry sources said. Oil marketing companies will hold a meeting with the tanker operators on Friday.Oil industry officials said it was premature to comment on the strike's impact. \"There is no need to panic as steps will be taken depending on the situation. We hope that Friday's meeting will put an end to the strike,\" said a senior Indane official.Distributors said there was no shortage of cylinders, but customers have been inquiring for refills because of the strike. Many consumers are worried that the strike may affect the supply of cylinders during Christmas and New Year. All-India Indane Distributors' Association president A Ramachandran said: \"There is no shortage of cylinders now. But if the strike continues for more than three days, the situation may get bad. We have enough stocks with us.\"Southern Region Bulk LPG Transport Operators' Association gave the call for an indefinite strike from Thursday morning, demanding an increase in transportation charges. Association secretary N R Karthik said the strike was complete and lorries in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Puducherry stayed off the roads. \"We will put up our demands in Friday's meeting. Fuel and operation costs have gone up,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17699985", "title": "Patil panel to facilitate Shivaji statue at sea", "text": "MUMBAI: Eight years after it was first announced by the Maharashtra government, the process of erecting a statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji in the sea off Marine Drive has been revived. Under pressure from the Maratha lobby, the state government on Thursday announced a high-powered committee to facilitate the process of obtaining NOCs for the 309-ft statue. The one-man committee will be headed by NCP leader and finance minister Jayant Patil. It will submit its report in two months.Another committee was appointed under senior Congress leader and industries minister Narayan Rane to look into the issue of Maratha reservation. The panel will submit its report in three months.Patil will coordinate with various departments concerned with the project. It is believed as many as 47 permits from various departments, including those at the centre, would be required to start the statue project. As of now, three permissions have been obtained. \"One of the major concerns is the proposed reclamation in the sea for which the central environment department is likely to take an objection,\" said a senior minister, adding that if the committee finds the existing location unsuitable, alternatives would be considered. This would include the Worli dairy plot and a mill land at Central Mumbai.The project first found a mention in the joint manifesto announced by the Congress-NCP in 2004. In 2008, a consultant was appointed when the government shortlisted the design of a consortium of Team One architects and Bangkok-based Bensley Design Studio following a competition. But that was soon called off due to technical glitches. There has not been much progress since. It has been mired in controversy due to various reasons, including location and need for environment clearances from the Centre. The proposal to set up the statue on an island off Marine Drive is likely to cost the state over Rs300 crore.\"The state has already allotted land for the Ambedkar memorial at Indu Mill. It is about time the government fulfils it promise for erecting this statue,\" said a senior Maratha leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700018", "title": "Home secretary meets top cop, seeks \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcvisible measures\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home secretary R K Singh visited police headquarters on Thursday and met commissioner Neeraj Kumar and special commissioners to monitor police action in Sunday's gang rape.Sources said that in the meeting it was decided that police would give more importance to visibility of cops on the streets of the capital and quickly initiate and execute the measures to restore public confidence.Till late night though, senior police officers were busy preparing the status report that has to be filed in the high court regarding the gang rape.Singh reportedly asked the commissioner to swiftly initiate impairment measures suggested earlier like keeping the lights inside the bus switched on at night and parking these with respective owners. Kumar was also asked to quickly complete verification of drivers and bus staff and continue crackdown on vehicles with tinted glasses and curtains. Singh was looking forward to implement the plan of setting police vans up with GPS units so that they could be tracked from Delhi Police control room.Singh reviewed the progress of the case and asked police to quickly implement \"measures which are visible\" to the public. He went on to review the report being prepared for submission to NHRC which on Tuesday had said that the rape of a 23-year-old woman on a moving bus raised the issue of declining public confidence in the machinery for law and order and had sought a report from the Union home ministry and Delhi police.Taking suo motu cognizance of Sunday's incident, the National Human Rights Commission issued notices to the union home secretary and the Delhi police commissioner, asking them to submit their reports within two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17701135", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Hive off VIP security", "text": "Every time the Delhi Police is asked why it can't be more effective in basic policing functions despite having around 80,000 personnel, the answer is that much of this apparently large force is permanently occupied in providing VIP security. This might be a convenient excuse, but it isn't entirely without merit.As the national capital, Delhi is not only the seat of Parliament and the Union government but also of the Rashtrapati Bhavan and the Supreme Court. In addition, there are embassies and visiting dignitaries to protect.Given this reality, and the very real threat that terrorism poses in today's world, there is no getting away from the fact that a lot of Delhi Police's time and resources will be devoted to protecting these VIPs. You could argue that many who don't need protection insist on getting it as a status symbol and are able to pull enough strings to ensure that they do get it. But even if we deal with that problem, as we must, VIP security will remain a considerable drain on Delhi Police's resources unless we look at a new way of organising the force.Here's what we believe should be done: carve out a separate VIP security force from the Delhi Police. First, this will mean that what remains will be free to focus on basic policing duties. Second, we will then have a much better idea of how many policemen are being used for VIP security and take a call on whether so many are actually needed. The carved-out force can stay under the Union home ministry, to which the Delhi Police now reports.The main police force, on the other hand, should be handed over to the Delhi government. Today, the government elected by the people of Delhi has no control over the police, which means there is no real accountability to Delhiites for failures of the police.Once the VIP security personnel are hived off into a separate force, we need to take a hard look at whether what is left is enough for policing a city of Delhi's size. If not, its strength must be increased. Never again should we be in a position where those responsible for ensuring our safety are able to say that they simply do not have enough boots on the ground to do the job.Related story:  Gang-raped girl's will to live leaves doctors amazed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "noida/ghaziabad", "code": "17700718", "title": "Helpline rings alarm bells in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "NOIDA/GHAZIABAD: In November, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav took the initiative to make the UP-NCR safer for women by launching the Women Powerline, a statewide four digit helpline number 1090. While over 4,000 women have availed its benefits in the past one month, scores of others from Noida and Ghaziabad have not been able to get help due to a technical glitch.As the telecom circles of Ghaziabad and Gautam Budh Nagar overlap with that of Delhi, distressed women get connected with the 'Inform a Crime' helpline of Delhi Police on dialing 1090 when they call from a mobile phone. Moreover, the number is hard to reach while calling from a landline.In light of the recent gang rape of a 23-year-old girl in Delhi, the Uttar Pradesh Police have hastened the process of resolving anomalies obstructing the helpline. The director general of police has ordered the DIG (Lucknow) and the SSPs of Noida and Ghaziabad to sort out the issue at the earliest. A high level meeting in this regard has been scheduled for December 24.\"The crime helpline run by Delhi Police and UP's women's helpline share the same number 1090. Calls made from Noida and Ghaziabad inadvertently get diverted to Delhi. We are already in touch with the DoT and local nodal officers regarding the problem. In the meeting on December 24, we hope to resolve the problem,\" said DIG Navneit Sikera.The apparent inadequate security arrangements for women in the two cities is further compounded by the fact that calls made to the respective Police Control Rooms by dialling 100 from a mobile phone are also likely to get diverted to PCRs in Delhi.The Gautam Budh Nagar police have been trying to resolve this problem since 2009, but to no effect. Its decision to allot special patrolling area wise numbers to PCR vans is immensely under-advertised and thus, is unpopular among residents. In Ghaziabad too, PCR vans are allotted numbers from 01 to 35 with a common eight digit prefix.\"We are facing problems with the 1090 helpline currently due to overlapping with the Delhi network. However, we ensure that calls made to the control room get directed to the respective thanas or PCR vans immediately,\" said SS Yadav, SP Ghaziabad.The SSP Gautam Budh Nagar and SP (City) remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17701081", "title": "3 Kamal fans held for threatening producer", "text": "CHENNAI: Three fans of actor Kamal Hassan were arrested by the Central Crime Branch on Thursday for threatening producer K Rajan who had opposed the telecast of Kamal-starrer \"Viswaroopam\" through DTH ahead of the scheduled release of the movie in January. The arrested were members of Kamal Haasan fan club in Hosur.Police said Rajan, who has been opposing the actor's bid to telecast the film ahead of its theatrical release, lodged a complaint saying he received threat calls from three people who claimed they were fans of Kamal Hassan. \"They reportedly demanded that he stop from expressing any views against the actor,\" police said. They also said that he would face dire consequences if he didn't listen to them. Rajan provided police the number from which the call was received.Last week, the Cyber Crime Cell of city police traced the call to Hosur. Subsequent investigations identified the callers as Murugan, Moorthy, and Surya Prakash. A case was registered and the three nabbed. They were later remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17700826", "title": "MIDC to ask civic body for fire tender", "text": "NASHIK: Following demand from industrial associations, the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has decided to send a proposal to the NMC to station a fire tender for the Ambad industrial area to avoid losses in case of fire.A decision to this effect was taken at the meeting of the Zilla Udyog Mitra (ZUM) held at NIMA House in Satpur.Dhananjay Bele, president of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), urged the additional collector R V Game to ask the civic body to provide a fire tender for Ambad MIDC until the fire brigade station comes up at Ambad MIDC.Bele said, \"Ambad MIDC is located 10 km away from the city and it takes time for fire tenders to reach in case of fire. Some units in Ambad MIDC were gutted during the last one-and-a-half years due to such delays. The manufacturing unit of Niraj Thermocols, which was gutted in a fire recently, would have been saved if there was a separate fire brigade station in Ambad MIDC. Though a fire brigade station has been proposed, it will take at least a year. Hence, the deployment of a fire tender on temporary basis can be of help.\"Game instructed deputy commissioner (Encroachment) of NMC, D T Gotise, to provide a fire tender for Ambad MIDC.Gotise said that the MIDC should first send such a proposal to the NMC commissioner. Ramdas Khedkar, regional officer (Nashik division), MIDC, said that the proposal would be sent shortly.There are around 1,500 small, medium and large industrial units in Ambad MIDC. The MIDC has already identified a 1.5-acre plot for the proposed fire brigade station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17700099", "title": "From Mountains to Mandovi", "text": "PANAJI: For some, it was deja vu. When Lou Majaw, the symbol of Shillong's rock tradition, took the stage at Panaji's Azad Maidan on Monday, most of the audience knew what to expect. What they didn't know was that like fine wine, Majaw had gotten better with age. Clad in shorts and a red T-shirt which he later tore off, the 65-year-old rocker didn't disappoint, screaming his lungs out, trying Led Zeppelin-like antics with his guitarist, flying off the stage, and jumping on to chairs in the middle of his audience while still singing.The silver-haired Dylan nut is an unofficial mascot of the Goa Arts and Literary festival. He's no stranger to Goa, having closed the festival last year too. While back then, the focus of the festival was on the north-east, this year it shifted to Kashmir, another region on the fringes of the dominant cultural space. The closing ceremony itself reflected the variety in the small, volunteer-driven festival\u00e2\u20ac\u201djust before Majaw rattled Panaji's windows with his brand of pure, unadulterated rock 'n' roll, writer Jerry Pinto set minds aflutter with a magnificently-crafted valedictory address.The festival began last Thursday, but picked up pace the next day, at the unlikeliest of venues. Even on its best days, the Cabo Raj Niwas isn't the most welcoming of structures. The governor's palace, usually resplendent in its aristocratic reticence, isn't accessible to the public. It certainly isn't the place to be on a Friday night in December, in Goa. However, when its gates flung open for a celebration of poetry and culture, Goans and visitors alike zealously breached its bulwarks.On a simple platform against the backdrop of the setting Sun, litterateurs chanted their fare in the silent gaze of a centuries-old chapel. Landeg White extolled Goans to reclaim Luis de Camoes, the greatest poet of the Portuguese language. \"He wrote some of his best work here,\" he pleaded; Jeet Thayil used poetry to instruct his audience on 'how to be a horse'; Manohar Shetty launched into a series of sarcastic poems observational of the Goan psyche.Enchanting as it was, this wasn't why most of the people had come. They were at Raj Bhavan for what came next\u00e2\u20ac\u201dBhand Pather, a dying Kashmiri folk art that uses no set. Voice, hand-crafted props and live background music were utilized expertly to convey dialogues. Bhand Pather uses sarcasm &amp; dry humour to get its message across, which it did, though the language gap (it was mainly in Kashmiri and Farsi) proved to be a hindrance for some.The previous day, J&K;'s chief minister Omar Abdullah spoke about how Goa and Kashmir are both unfairly typecast. Over the course of the festival, though, those glass walls slowly broke down, through panel discussions, person-to-person interactions, and art sessions. Fahad Shah, who runs a web magazine in Kashmir, said, \"The interactions were very fulfilling; it was nice getting to know things from a personal perspective. I hope that after this, people will read and know more about Kashmir.\" Shah is editing an anthology of essays and stories from Kashmir, due in 2013.It's responses such as these that pleased the people who put the festival together. \"The conversation was opened,\" said Samar Halarnkar, a veteran journalist &amp; columnist who led the Kashmir initiative at the festival. \"These are not the kind of conversations we usually tend to have in India.\"The audience too came in for praise from the Kashmir contingent. \"I did not have any great expectations from the festival,\" said Saadut Hussain, a Srinagar-based poet &amp; writer. \"We experienced harsh opposition (and hate) in Delhi and Mumbai whenever we spoke the truth about Kashmir. But here, I was surprised (and pleased) to see a decent audience willing to listen and engage.\"Though colloquially known as the Goa Lit fest, it usually is much more than just literature. This edition had theatre, music (from classical to rock), poetry, calligraphy, film screenings, art exhibitions, dance, and even a very popular children's book festival, held at Panaji's Jardim Garcia de Orta.While the festival was lauded by most delegates for the high quality of the panel discussions, its inconsistent and unpredictable scheduling irritated some (especially Goans who wanted to attend specific sessions). Ironically, though, most authors appreciated the festival's informal nature. \"It was nice that it was so laid back,\" said Pakistani author Musharraf Ali Farooqi. \"The best thing was that we could walk, talk, and discover each other's interests.\"However, for a festival lasting five days, a few grouses were inevitable. The one that needs the most urgent addressing is the baffling absence of young people. Organizers say they tried their best. \"Despite requests to colleges to send students, they didn't turn up,\" said eminent writer Damodar Mauzo, one of the brains behind the festival.One session that didn't lack an audience, though, was a presentation by fashion designer Wendell Rodricks , during which the informal atmosphere, along with the regular audience, vanished. Suddenly, a bevy of well-dressed, heavily-perfumed 'socialites', never seen or heard before at the Lit fest, appeared out of nowhere, and looked ready to be photographed. Had they attended the inaugural, they'd have heard J&K; CM Omar Abdullah say he hoped the festival doesn't turn into a Page 3 event.Yet, despite the little problems that plague it, the Goa Art and Literary festival looks set to go marching on. Vivek Menezes, the festival's founder and curator, wants to make it even bigger. \"In future years,\" he says, \"I'm personally very keen to rekindle some of the longstanding cultural connections Goa has maintained with East Africa, across the Indian Ocean to the Gulf states, to China via Macau, and even to Brazil.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17704667", "title": "Air India to launch flights to Agra, Khajuraho", "text": "MUMBAI: For foreign tourists, air connectivity, or rather, the lack of it, has played spoilsport for years now, as quite a few destinations of interest in India are accessible only by road or rail. On that front there is some good news this winter, as Air India on Friday announced the launch of flights from the capital to three destinations that are high up on travel itineraries.\"From December 26 onwards, Air India flight AI405/406 from Delhi will connect Varanasi, Agra and Khajuraho,'' said a release issued by the airline. The only problem is that the national carrier has made the announcement a bit late in the day. Most of the foreign tourists who are scheduled to visit India this winter must have already planned their itinerary, booked flights, hotels, months ago. But domestic tourists can take advantage of the new air connections.The flight AI 406 will operate on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, on the route Delhi-Varanasi-Agra-Khajuraho and the return flight, AI 405, will fly from Khajuraho to Varanasi and terminate at Delhi. Flight AI 406 from Delhi to Agra will depart Delhi at 1245 hours and reach Varanasi at 1400 noon, take off from Varanasi at 1435 hours and reach Agra at 1530 hours, leave Agra at 1605 hours to reach Khajuraho at 1645 hours. The return flight AI 405 will leave Khajuraho at 1720 hours and arrive in Varanasi at 1810 hours, depart from Varanasi at 1845 hours and reach Delhi at 1955 hours. The airline said that it has offered a slew of competitive fares on this sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17700959", "title": "School agitation in West Bengal: Glimmer of hope in campus of anarchy", "text": "KOLKATA: At Santoshpur Rishi Aurobindo Balika Vidyapeeth - the epicenter of the school agitations that have rattled the state - an act of spontaneity and a teacher's compassion showed a glimmer of hope for Bengal.A group of students on Thursday tore off posters pasted on the school gates to malign headmistress Shrimati Ghosh. The headmistress, respected by colleagues as a \"no-nonsense administrator\", had showed her mettle by standing firm during the 22-hour gherao and refusing to allow police on campus.The posters, put up by the 'Purba Jadavpur Nagarik Mancha', accused Ghosh of misappropriation of funds, being unfair to students and \"adamant on not holding school managing committee election\".Most of her students were incensed. \"We did not like the posters as all the allegations against the headmistress are false. She is a strict disciplinarian, but she is also very affectionate towards students. We have no reason to believe that she is corrupt. We couldn't bear the posters and tore them off,\" said a student.The headmistress was disturbed when she learnt of it and asked the policemen why she was not informed. \"I do not want any of my girls to get into this mess. Had I known, I would have stopped them,\" Ghosh said. \"There could be people who have grudges against me. They are free to express it. But instead of pasting them on the gates they could have done it in a more aesthetical way,\" said Ghosh.The school is yet to take a decision on the failed Class XII students who had gheraoed the teachers and the headmistress for 22 hours. The school waited all day for the answerscripts to be returned by the Higher Secondary Council (WBHSC), but they came only at 5 pm. \"The answerscripts and tabulation sheet have come to us just now, at closing hour. We haven't got any written communication from the council. The school management and teachers will on Friday to arrive at a decision,\" said Ghosh.After making a fiasco on Tuesday of asking the school to conduct a retest, WBHSC made a U-turn the very next day. Coming under severe criticism from many corners and also after education minister Bratya Basu's intervention, the council subsequently backed out and said that the school was free to take its decision. But the council is likely to issue a 'directive' to the school on Friday.\"It is up to the school to pass or fail the students, but we'd request them to consider the future of the students. A written communication will be sent to the school on Friday,\" said council president Muktinath Chattopadhyay, who met education minister Bratya Basu along with deputy secretary (examination) Malay Roy and council secretary Achintya Pal.The minister thanked Roy and Pal for lifting the gherao, said Chattopadhayay.Bratya Basu said failed students gheraoing teachers was nothing new in Bengal. But when asked about the ripple effect elsewhere, he kept mum. \"The school has full freedom to take action against students who resort to indiscipline,\" said Basu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17700697", "title": "Where women fear to tread", "text": "GUWAHATI: The brutal gang rape of a physiotherapy student in Delhi has triggered outrage from all sections of society. The one point coming out loud and clear in the furore is that women across the country, and not just in Delhi, are unsafe and are forced to battle verbal as well as assaults on their dignity and person on a daily basis.Guwahati, which has seen a spurt in crime against women in recent times, is no exception. Eve-teasing is rampant across the length and breadth of the city, but there are certain areas and roads women dread to pass through alone. TOI spoke to women of the city and got an insight into the spots where they feel the most vulnerable and have faced sexual harassment of varying degrees.Although women say they have been eve-teased at random places, they concede places where males gather in large numbers are where they face maximum harassment. Some of them are G S Road Post Office bus stop, Commerce College Road, Gauhati Club bus stop, Ganeshguri bus stop and Uzan Bazar.\"I was returning home from the Guwahati Club area. As it was almost 8.30 in the evening, the chances of getting a bus were pretty slim and I decided to take an auto. I was about to walk across the road when a biker came to a halt and asked me to climb on,\" said Pallabi Baruah, a city-based professional.Baruah isn't the only one to have faced such an unwelcome proposition. Archana Saikia recounts a similar incident. \"It was around 10.45pm on last New Year's Eve. I was waiting for a bus at the G S Road Post Office bus stop; there were some other people as well. Suddenly, this car stopped in front of me and the driver flung open the door and aked me to come in. It was traumatic for me, but I simply walked away.\"The recent mob molestation of a 20-year-old girl that rocked the city occurred on G S Road. The incident shook up the city's residents and led to demands for more security for women, forcing the administration to sit up and take notice.Such incidents not occur only on the streets. Groping and pinching are common on buses. Tanushree Phukan, a housewife, recounts how she was felt up on a bus: \"I was going to visit my aunt in Hatigaon and was about to get of the bus when someone pinched me on my back. I kicked the person as I got off the bus but there was nothing else I could do. This is a regular feature in buses.\"Areas where women's hostels are located are also vulnerable spots. \"There is a girls' hostel behind my house and every day, drunk men sit on their bikes by the roadside, passing lewd comments and eve-teasing the boarders passing by. The boarders have for long ignored the roadside Romeos, but considering the rise in sexual crimes, this shouldn't be allowed to continue,\" said D Das, a resident of Uzan Bazar.Age is not a deterrent for molesters. Even school-going girls and young teenagers are not spared. \"My 16-year-old younger sister was waiting for her bus at Ganeshguri when a group of ruffians began to harass and humiliate her. Their comments were so indecent that she came home in tears,\" said Rajita Choudhury,.Clearly, security for women in the city is still not watertight, as is evident from their harrowing experiences. Ensuring their safety - a task of the administration - at all times is an ordeal women live through every day. They constantly have to be on their guard on the roads, public transport, desolate as well as busy spots - practically everywhere. Yet there is little they can do to protect themselves from stalking eyes and lewd comments, nudges and groping, rape and brutality, which leave them scarred, sometimes for life.Names changed on request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700451", "title": "Unsafe for women: City has poor rape conviction rate", "text": "LUCKNOW: The poor conviction rate in rape incidents in the city calls for a stronger mechanism to prevent such cases in the future.In 2012, Lucknow police sent 199 accused to jail on rape charges, of whom only three have been convicted. In other words, only 1.5% of the rape accused have been convicted this year. While 135 accused got bail, 56 others are still lodged in jail. Five accused, who were below 18 years, were sent to the juvenile home this year.Lucknow jail superintendent DR Maurya, who provided the figures, said, \"The figures are for the period between January 1 and December 20, 2012, and give the summary of the accused sent to jail by the Lucknow police on rape charges.\"Social activists say long trials and low conviction rate has made women vulnerable. The anti-social elements exploit the loopholes in the system and roam scotfree. \"The police fudge the statements of the victims to shield the accused. In cases of gang rapes, the police often name all the accused in the FIR under pressure, but at the time of recording the statement they exonerate those hailing from influential background,\" said activist Madhu Garg. She cited the example of nephew of a mafia turned politician who had allegedly raped a 13-year-old with his friends in the city and but is still roaming by taking advantage of loopholes in the system.Even the slightest of misrepresentation, such as timing of the incident, is enough for the accused to go scotfree, claim lawyers. \"I have seen accused being let off by the courts by establishing they were present somewhere else at the time of the incident,\" said criminal lawyer Naved M Ali.Ali's fears are not unfounded. In 2012, out of 199 rape accused, about 70% got bail. \"One of the most common factors resulting in delays is the misuse of bail granted to undertrials. The accused on bail tell their lawyers to linger the trial rather than facing conviction. The whole process results in low disposal rate in rape cases,\" added Ali.The police, however, say that in many cases accused are framed in rape charge to settle scores. \"In Itaunja incident, reported in October this year, the victim's family had accused some youths of the same village of having gang raped their 14-year-old daughter. But, the medical examination proved that the charges were baseless. The two families were embroiled in a land dispute,\" said SSP Lucknow RK Chaturvedi. The SSP, however, quickly added, \"I understand though there is a need to be pro-active and have asked the policemen to increase their patrolling, particularly in the night.\"Former judges suggest several measures to improve the existing disposal rate. \"We need to set up exclusive courts dedicated to hear 'crime against women'. The courts shall be given a certain target in terms of disposal rate and will have to be result driven,\" said AK Srivastava, former judge of Delhi High Court. He added that bail conditions for rape accused should be made stringent. \"Though I feel if dedicated courts are able to give their verdicts within four months, the need to give bail to the accused will not arise. Be it acquittal or conviction, the disposal rate needs to be improved,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17702315", "title": "Reserved seats in buses: Women face harrowing time in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In the backdrop of the grisly Delhi incident, TOI conducted a reality check in buses in the city on Thursday to find women passengers continue to have a harrowing time despite the rule of seat reservation for the fairer sex. Though the Motor Vehicle Act clearly stipulates reservation of 33% seats in a bus for women, its implementation is far from reality in city buses.Almost all passenger buses as well as city buses plying along the routes of Bhubaneswar, Cuttack and Puri were found to flout the norm of reserving seats for women and writing the signage 'women' over seats. Though a handful of buses had put up the reservation mark on the window-side wall, those were not visible properly.\"Neither male passengers nor the conductors sympathize with women in crammed buses. They look the other way when we try to claim our right over the seats,\" said Sanghamitra Dora, a woman passenger.\"Many leering men often look for opportunity to grope women in crowded buses. They deliberately occupy vacant seats near women. We really feel insecure,\" said Suparna Singh, another passenger. \"You hardly find such type of violation in other metros. I have seen seats of women unoccupied even though the bus was jam-packed with male passengers,\" Singh said.Safety of women in auto-rickshaws is no better in the capital city. To maximize their profits, auto drivers do not hesitate to compromise with the comfort of women and allow male passengers to sit in the overloaded three-wheelers.Motor vehicle inspector (MVI) of Bhubaneswar Dipti Ranjan Patra admitted the seat reservation norm has not been executed in true spirit. \"We would start the crackdown on buses and cancel their permits. Assistance of police would be taken for conducting surprise raids,\" Patra said. \"The violation is largely seen in short distance buses. Long distance buses are abiding by the rule,\" he said. The MVI cited shortage of staff to conduct raids in buses.City bus operator Dream Team Sahara (DTS) said passengers do not listen to their request of vacating seats for women. \"Our conductors are alert to the comfort of women. But often the conductors invite trouble from unruly passengers, who occupy women's seats,\" said DTS CEO Sudhanshu Jena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17700862", "title": "Nashik schools instructed to follow RTE norms", "text": "NASHIK: All private, granted and non-grant schools have been instructed to follow all the rules prescribed under Right to Education (RTE) 2009 in a workshop conducted on Thursday by the Nashik Municipal Corporation's education department at Nirmala Convent School.Principals of all the schools were given detailed information about RTE and the rules and regulations mentioned in it. \"All the seven chapters in the RTE were explained to the principals,\" said education officer of the NMC, Nitin Upasani.\"We told them how the admission for 25% reservations should be conducted and have also asked them to strictly implement them,\" said Upasani.In the review of the infrastructure, the education department found that 18 grant schools and 18 non-grant schools did not have proper boys' toilets while 16 grant schools and 20 non-grant schools did not have proper toilets for girls.\"Ramp for handicapped children was not there in 146 schools while 114 schools did not have playground. We have asked them to provide all facilities by March 31, 2013,\" said Upasani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "17702344", "title": "Elephant herd chased out of Balasore", "text": "BALASORE: People of at least 10 villages in Balasore's Nilagiri block heaved a sigh of relief when the marauding elephant herd finally crossed over to Mayurbhanj district, on Wednesday. The task of the forest officers, however, is far from over as they now have to chase the herd from Dalaki reserve forest of Betnoti area.The herd was on the rampage in the tribal-dominated block for over a fortnight and the drive launched by forest and police personnel with the help of the locals to shoo away the elephants lasted for four days. \"About 150 forest personnel and one platoon of OSAP force were engaged. Now, we have to guide the herd till West Bengal border,\" said divisional forest officer (Balasore) Kedarnath Swain. Over a dozen forest officers, cops and locals sustained injuries during the drive, he added.The herd of over 150 elephants from Dalma sanctuary of neighbouring Jharkhand had sneaked into the district on December 1 after wreaking havoc on Mayurbhanj district. Sources said the elephants had destroyed 150 houses in seven villages and damaged crops in over 400 acre. The herd, divided into small groups, camped in Kuldiha sanctuary, Tinkosia and Ayodhya forests.The forest officers resorted to traditional methods like beating drums and lighting torches to scare the herd, comprising 40 tuskers and 35 calves. \"Kunkis (trained elephants) would have been of great help but bringing them from Assam is time consuming,\" said a forest officer.Local youths also joined the force in the operation that continued for three days at a stretch. They stood guard along the routes with torches in hand to prevent them from entering human habitation.The district authorities said the victim would be compensated as the state government guidelines. \"The revenue and forest officers have started assessing the damage. The villagers would get house and crop damage assistance once the survey is completed,\" said sub-collector Manoj Kumar Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701897", "title": "Fuming youth post rage on FB", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City's youths are venting their ire against growing sexual attacks on women on the cyberspace.Most of them are posting their intense indignation on Facebook to protest the commodification of the fairer sex.Vinny Handa commented, \"Stop looking at a woman as a sex symbol or a pleasurable thing.\"Pallavee Purie posted, \"Don't stop your daughters from going out or dress traditionally but teach your sons to behave properly.\"Meenakshi fumed, \"Girls! don't sit at home because this will give strength to the monsters and will encourage their bloody ideas.\"Another youngster Aditi Sharma said the punishment for gang rapes in different countries is stern. In Saudi Arabia, a rapist is hanged till death. But in India, the rapist is left scot-free while people sit at home and watch the drama browsing the internet.It's not only girls who are posting their anger but boys too who are posting their outrage. Vipul Sharma said, \"People in every colony must take an active role in ensuring safety of women.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17700641", "title": "State govt yet to utilize Rs 5000 crore of plan money", "text": "GUWAHATI: Just three months before the end of the current fiscal, the state government is left with an unutilized amount of about Rs 5,000 cr of the current plan grant.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, in his budget for 2012-13, had outlaid a state plan grant of Rs 7,373 cr for different plans and special schemes planned by the state government. Sources said just about Rs 2,000 cr of this outlay has been spent while majority of the special schemes and plans have remained on paper only.Pushed against the wall by this unprecedented problem, Gogoi on Thursday reviewed the state's annual plan 2012-13 at a meeting with ministers and departmental heads here.The chief minister's office said that Gogoi directed the departmental heads to take proper steps to utilize the funds under various heads before the current financial year comes to an end.\"The chief minister also reviewed the implementation of special schemes in various sectors. He asked the departments to expedite the ongoing work under different schemes,\" a government spokesman said.Gogoi in his budget speech last March had announced 39 special schemes and allocated Rs 5,000 cr to be utilized in five years with Rs 1,000 cr to be spent in the current fiscal. One of the few new schemes that has been successfully implemented in this fiscal is sending three toppers of the HSLC examination to National Aeronautical and Space Agency ( Nasa ). Gogoi's 39 special schemes include conversion of 500 wooden bridges into RCC, free bicycle distribution to schoolgirls of BPL families, crop loans at two per cent to farmers and setting up a digital archive on works and photographs of Bhupen Hazarika.The CM in his budget speech had stated that 30 of these plans are in response to various demands from people to him at different times. Some of them were setting up of a skill development centre in the name of Mahatma Gandhi , a 'mini Assam' at Sonapur near the city to attract foreign tourists and a tribal development centre, besides allotting land for the United Nations Research Centre at Sonapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17701850", "title": "Better technology can make up for missing numbers", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Delhi Police already grappling with a shortfall of officers, introduction of technology could greatly aid the cops in daily policing. Yet, most technological projects have not been implemented in the city.For years, Delhi Police has been planning to put the entire city under surveillance through CCTV cameras. The ambitious intelligent traffic signalling (ITS) project is yet to see the light of day and a cabinet approval received in September 2008 for setting up cameras at 27 border checkposts and 58 marketplaces has till date not been completed, admit Delhi Police officials.While CCTV cameras can be a huge help in city-wide surveillance, it can help in both prevention and detection of crime, said police officers . \"Knowing that you are being constantly watched is a huge deterrence to commit crime as chances of getting caught are high. If the cameras are all connected to a central control room and any unusual behaviour is detected, officers from the control room can alert patrol teams to rush to the location. Fewer officers are then required to constantly monitor large areas,\" said a senior police officer.Meanwhile, traffic violations, which see a spurt at night, would all be detected and the offenders challaned. Not all violations are detected at the moment, resulting in a possibility that a traffic offender could get off scot-free . \"Traffic cops can't be present everywhere. Even if the cops detect a violation, not every offending vehicle can be flagged down and many escape . Red speed cameras, speed interceptors, stolen numberplate detectors etc can achieve a much greater result,\" admitted a senior traffic police officer.CCTV surveillance in public transport, markets and borders could also substantially deter terrorists and other criminals and increase women security. Cops say that VIP security could also be reduced with sophisticated surveillance and trespasser-alert mechanisms in secured buildings. \"A former president once visited Singapore where only seven cops were posted there for security. Everything was secured through the use of technology and though his personal security tested it, they could not break the security measures,\" recalled a senior police officer.Faster, better-equipped PCR vehicles could help in reacting to distress calls. \"We now have DNA testing, which is a great help. The facilities that we have at present are not good enough,\" said a senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17703732", "title": "Katrina joins her brother and his fiancee in Koh Samui", "text": "Each year for Christmas and New Years Katrina Kaif likes to be in London with her mother and siblings. This year she took a detour and has landed in Koh Samui in Thailand for a bit of exotic relaxation.Katrina who was reluctant to break into her brother's private paradise with his beloved, reluctantly agreed on her brother's insistence.Says a friend of the actress, \"Being around her brother Michael who is engaged to be married and her elder sister who is a happy wife and mother, Katrina is reminded of her own single status. So she avoids being in their company when they are holidaying with their soul-mates. But this time her brother wouldn't take a no for an answer. Since Katrina gets along with her brother's fiancee, she accepted the offer but not without resistance.\"Further, Katrina hasn't taken a holiday in years. \"Not counting the time she has spent with her family, Katrina has hardly been on a proper holiday. So she accepted her brother's invitation. From Koh Samui she heads to London with her brother to be with the family, as per the annual tradition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17700800", "title": "Show-cause notice issued against power utility official", "text": "NASHIK: The state information commissioner has issued a show cause notice to an official of the state power utility who, while acting as the information official, failed to deliver results.After upholding the plea of a farmer that the deputy executive engineer of the state power distribution company should have passed all the information demanded in the span of 30 days after the filing of the Right To Information (RTI), the state information commissioner has issued a show cause notice to the official.\"After hearing the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) officials on the petition filed by a consumer (farmer Jagannath Nathe), it is apparent that the public information officer has failed to provide information to the petitioner. As a result of which the officer should give a written explanation as to why should he not be penalized for Rs 5,000,\" the state information commissioner, Nashik bench, said in his order dated December 14.Nathe, resident of Chandori, had filed an application for an agricultural connection in 2009 which MSEDCL failed to provide. In 2010, the Groundwater Surveys and Development Agency (GSDA) happened to put a blanket ban on digging of borewells and wells.But in 2011, Nathe noticed that some farmers were being given connections easily. Vexed by the attitude of the officials, he sought the information of all the farmers who were given connections between May 15, 2009 and May 20, 2005, including details of the connection and the dates of the release of connections.When the public information officer, the deputy executive engineer, failed to reply within stipulated time, Nathe took up the issue with the appellate authority which ruled in the favour of the consumer asking the official to furnish details by August 5, 2011. The information was thus received on July 27, 2011, but was partial in nature.The MSEDCL officials however maintained that the information was provided to the applicant.Having heard both the parties, the state information commissioner, Nashik bench finally ruled in favour of the applicant and issued a show cause notice to the information officer for the delay in filing the information and at the same time asked him to provide complete information to the consumer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17701941", "title": "Now, khap declare social boycott of rape accused", "text": "ROHTAK: Perturbed after a spate of rape cases in Haryana, the Meham Chaubisi khap, which is one of the most influential khaps in Haryana, has decided to socially boycott people accused in rape cases across Rohtak district.The khap took this decision at the historical Chabutera in Meham town on Thursday evening after a meeting, which continued for three hours. Several other khap panchayats, known by their bizarre dictates, also appear to have changed for the better, after they too supported social boycott of people accused in rape cases.Stating that several rape cases in Haryana and now the one in Delhi have shaken the conscious of the society as a whole and thus the khap took this decision, pradhan of Meham Chaubisi Tulsi Grewal said in a statement that villages would boycott persons found guilty of rape or other sexual offenses against women. \"If the family or relatives try to protect the accused, they could also face similar social punishment,\" he informed after the meeting.The panchayat was attended by several smaller khap (tapas) leaders from the region, including Meham tapa pradhan Surajmal Goyat, Samain tapa pradhan Jaibir Siwach, Balambha tapa pradhan Jagdish Rathi, Nindana tapa pradhan Bhim Singh, Lakhan Majra tapa pradhan Suresh Rathi and around 100 other representatives of nearby 50 villages falling in Meham Chaubisi.Demanding that courts too should expeditiously take up trials in rape cases to bring the accused to book, the khap pradhan maintained that this move could be an effective deterrent in tackling such cases. \"In the past there was a provision to blacken the faces of accused in eve teasing and rape cases and to force them to make rounds of the village sitting on a donkey, but khaps had done away with this punishment for fear of the administration and courts, who have been against khaps taking any punitive measures against violators of social crimes,\" he maintained.Another khap leader Surajmal Goyat said khaps are capable of tackling and putting a curb to such crimes. \"The shocking incidents of crime against women have forced the khap panchayat to revert to its older system of punishment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700174", "title": "Relief for kin of 2005 Delhi serial blasts victim", "text": "NEW DELHI: Swinging to action after the Delhi high court intervened, the Delhi Police has issued \" non- traceable certificate\" to a minor girl who lost her father in the 2005 Delhi serial blasts. The certificate will enable her to seek death certificate and compensation from the Delhi government, seven years after the terror attack that claimed the life of her parents and elder brother.The police on Thursday informed HC it had issued the certificate to the girl following which Justice Rajiv Shakdher gave time till January 10 to the New Delhi Municipal Council and the state government to finish related formalities and release compensation money to Manisha Dass.Manisha told HC that her grandparents have been looking after her and are facing severe financial difficulties. But when they approached the government for compensation, their claim was stonewalled on the ground that the body was not found and that in the police record he was treated as \"missing\".The Delhi government had released Rs 3.5 lakh and Rs 4 lakh as compensation to Manisha for the deaths of her mother and brother. Sarojini Nagar SHO had earlier told the court that the matter has been referred to a special cell, set up earlier to look into the issue of blast victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17701533", "title": "A day on board Matsya Shikari", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: On any other ordinary day, skipper A P Udayappan would be guiding his vessel - the MFV Matsya Shikari - through turbulent waters, helping scientists undertake studies on the Bay of Bengal. However, Thursday was unlike other days as his cabin was teeming with children from various schools across the city.Grouped around him, the students hung on to every word spoken by the skipper as he explained the operations of the vessel. The Matsya Shikari and Matsya Darshini, two vessels used by the Fishery Survey of India (FSI), were docked at Jetty No 6 of Visakhapatnam Fishing Harbour as they were opened to public to improve awareness on fishery resources in the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) and adjoining seas for promoting sustainable management of marine fishery resources.Clearly enjoying the experience on-board Matsya Shikari, a group of students from Pollocks School were the first to arrive at the venue. Prawalika, an eighth standard student, said she had learnt a lot about the ship from the trip. \"We learnt how they use the vessels to catch fish,\" she said, terming her maiden venture aboard a trawler operated by the FSI as very interesting. At the same time, they were allowed to experience wearing life jackets during their visit.The students were shown the various sea lamps and other equipment including fishing nets used to haul in the sea catch. Having the third largest fleet in the country comprising of 13 vessels, the FSI undertakes studies on bottom trawling, mid-water trawling, tuna long lining, bottom set perch long lining, trap fishing, squid jigging and hand lining.With the country having up to 200 nautical miles as EEZ, FSI scientist Anshuman Das said 23 sailors including one scientist were part of the team that heads to the Bay of Bengal to undertake research on the availability of resources. With the depletion of fish resources a constant concern for fishermen, he explained that FSI uses SONAR, Radar and satellite imaging to keep track of the fish resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701342", "title": "Burn Standard holds back part of salary of over 700 staff", "text": "KOLKATA: Burn Standard Company Ltd, which was transferred to the railways from the department of heavy industries in 2010, has deferred a part of salary of over 700 permanent workers due to financial constraint. According to junior railways minister Adhir Chowdhury, the performance of the firm \"had not been satisfactory despite support from the ministry\".On November 29, the management had served a notice to 700 workers that disbursement of salary to the permanent workers will be deferred due to fund crunch. \"Due to critical cash position of the company, owing to dismal performance particularly of the company's Burnpur works, it is not possible to arrange funds for disbursement of salary of permanent employees of Burnpur and head office in due time. Arrangement is being made to pay the basic salary to permanent employees. As soon as the fund position improves, the remaining salary will be paid,\" the notice read.Commenting on this development, Chowdhury said that he had already instructed the management to clear the salary. However, he pointed out that there was question mark on performance of the company. \"The firm has failed to supply rakes as per contracted quantity. The ministry (railways) has an MoU for 90 rakes but they have supplied only 30 rakes,\" he added.According to company officials, when Mamata Banerjee was a railways minister, she had sanctioned Rs 75 crore for the revival of the company. The plan fund was Rs 30 crore and the remaining was working capital, statutory dues and pay revision. \"The amount has been disbursed but without any effect,\" the official said. It may be noted that during the takeover, then managing director of S P Bakshi had said that it needs financial support of Rs 100 crore for revival. O P Taylor, the director finance of the company, argued that the below performance of the company was due to Burnpur works.However, INTUC vice president Prabhat Goswami blamed management for the bad performance at Burnpur. \"How they will achieve target if they do not have adequate raw materials. Why is the company cash-strapped when railways has sanctioned over Rs 75 crore already?\" Goswami asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700326", "title": "Woman in hospital after husband slits her throat", "text": "MUMBAI: A 43-year-old man, Vijay Gaikwad, was arrested for allegedly slitting his wife's throat with a razor blade in Vidyavihar (E) after she stopped giving him money. The victim, who sustained a 7-inch cut on her throat, is recuperating at Rajawadi Hospital.The victim (36), a sweeper, said, \"On Monday, Gaikwad had threatened to kill me if do not obey him. On Wednesday around 12.3pm, he came to my workplace and slashed my throat before I could react. He used to assault me and my kids.\"\"The victim's first husband died 15 years ago. She has two sons. Six years ago, Gaikwad, who used to visit her along with her brother, barged into her home one night and raped her at knife-point in front of her sons. He threatened to assault the kids and defame her if she told anyone. He raped her several times after that, before marrying her last year for her money,\" said Tilak Nagar police senior inspector Bhimdev Rathod.Gaikwad allegedly married the victim, a sweeper, for her money.\"The victim stopped giving money to Gaikwad since the last few months and was staying separately in Bhandup with her kids. She did not allow him to enter her house,\" said Rathod.Gaikwad tried to flee but eyewitnesses nabbed him and handed him over to the police. He was booked under IPC sections 307 (attempt to murder), 376 (rape) and 498 (A) (dowry harassment) and is in custody till Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "debgarh (bongaon)", "code": "17701161", "title": "Arrests put Bongaon on a knife's edge", "text": "DEBGARH (BONGAON): Manoj Pal, a paramilitary forces jawan, was arrested by Bongaon police when on leave to his hometown. Surendranath Roy, teacher in charge of the local primary school, met with the same fate. So did Partha Haoladar, a physically-challenged person. Their crime? They had participated in an agitation to demand the arrest of a suspected kidnapper.Welcome to North 24-Parganas, where raising your voice against crime can get you shot by a goon or locked up by police.In July this year, schoolteacher Barun Biswas was shot dead at Gaighata, near Bongaon, for challenging a band of rapists that had struck terror in the area for a decade.The residents of Debgarh and adjoining Sundarpur are now paying dearly for saving an 11-year-old girl from the kidnapper.\"We are terrorised. Every evening, police vans enter the locality looking for people to arrest. Adhikary-da was arrested while offering prayers at a temple. He had nothing to do with the agitation. Youngsters have fled the area, fearing arrest. It's a bandh-like situation,\" said Debgarh resident Krishna Adhikary.The kidnap suspect, Shafikul Mollah, continues to threaten locals, including the girl's mother, from inside the lock-up, he alleged.Residents say the trouble started on December 5 this year when local youth Dipankar Roy alias Bapi was shot dead in alleged honour killing. Locals rose in protest but police dragged their feet.Some arrests were made but the charges framed were weak, locals say. Six days later, the kidnapping happened. Mollah was caught red-handed by guests at a wedding party.\"My daughter screamed and started running along the road till she reached a nearby culvert where 3-4 people were chatting. There was a marriage ceremony on nearby. People rushed to her rescue, stopped the vehicle and thrashed Mollah\"We went to the police, demanding his arrest, but they were reluctant,\" the girl's mother said. Residents submitted a petition, signed by 372 people, to police. On December 12, locals blocked Jessore Road, triggering a lathicharge and a clash with cops. Locals insist no property was damaged but Bijay Pal alias Bunty and Sagar Mondal were arrested from the spot. Six others were picked up from their homes.That day, local MLA Biswajit Das got Mollah to surrender. Adhikary and others allege police treated locals like criminals while Mollah received much better treatment. The tension threatens to spiral out of control.The MLA, however, denied this. \"Things are quite peaceful in the area. Those involved in the agitation were arrested but granted bail. Such allegations are being made by those who are involved in cattle smuggling. The police will certainly carry out raids to nab such criminals,\" Das said.SP Sugato Sen said that the police went easy on the demonstrators. \"It was not just any other blockade. The police were attacked and the national highway leading to the international border was blocked. We could have taken sterner action against the demonstrators but we were restrained. There is no question of high-handedness,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17702170", "title": "1 year on, Vilappil shutdown haunts corporation", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Exactly a year after the Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant was shut down, mayor K Chandrika is dealing with an arrest warrant and a cost-escalation notice.The cantonment police issued the warrant against Chandrika in connection with a protest staged by the mayor in the city in 2011 after the drivers of corporation trucks that carried waste to Vilappilsala were allegedly manhandled by the residents of Vilappilsala. The warrant has been issued for blocking the traffic and causing inconvenience to the public.Along with the mayor a few heads of corporation standing committees have also been issued arrest warrants. Led by Chandrika, the corporation ruling council had taken out a march, accompanied by corporation trucks, to protest the attack on the drivers. \"The warrant has been issued. I don't know why they are doing this now for an incident that happened a year ago,\" Chandrika said.Meanwhile, the corporation has received a demand notice citing cost-escalation of Rs 53 lakh from the Pune-based company entrusted with the installation of the leachate treatment plant at Vilappilsala. The project worth Rs 9 crore was supposed to be completed by the end of 2011. The work was halted following the closure of the factory. The mayor has forwarded the demand notice to the state government.\"The company might file a law suit as the next step if they don't get the payment. The corporation is not at all responsible for the present situation and the government has to settle the payment with that company or else they should be given a convenient working arrangement,\" said Chandrika.Meanwhile, Vilappil panchayat president Sobhana Kumari, who locked the gates of the factory twelve months ago, pledged on Thursday that she would observe fast every Monday, starting on Christmas eve. She made this declaration to an ecstatic group of villagers who turned up in large numbers to mark the anniversary of a fruitful struggle they have been waging for the past one decade.\"We have carried out a successful struggle in the last one year. Consequentially, we are now able to live peacefully, without stench and without any anxieties. Now, I have decided to give up food every Monday to make sure that this peace stays here forever. I would do this till the factory is shut down permanently,\" Sobhana Kumari told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17701596", "title": "Phishing emails pose \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcreal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 threat", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Payment notice\", says an e-mail. Click on the attachment and the RBI logo stares at you with a note ostensibly from Reserve Bank of India governor D Subbarao along with his photograph. The mail is an \"official payment notification\" from RBI for a $500,000 lottery that a \"beneficiary\" has won.Many would be fooled into sharing personal information, including bank account details, unless they notice the RBI address \u00e2\u20ac\u201d \"106 Grosvenor Square, New Delhi\". And, sharing of these details in expectation of getting $500,000 can put you at risk of your bank account getting misused.Similarly, a mail from the income tax department's \"Tax Refund Department\" did the rounds a few weeks ago. In fact, those who received it were even tempted to believe it. After all, it said that \"you are qualified for a refund of the sum of Rs 36,120.25,which is your accumulated tax excesses\". It then asked \"valued\" taxpayers to click on a link which took them to a website, which resembled the official site, and sought personal details.\"It appeared quite genuine,\" admits an official. What added weight was the email ID that was mentioned \u00e2\u20ac\u201d info@incometaxindia.gov.in, which is the department's official website.Rewards and refunds are among the most common baits to lure unsuspecting individuals into submitting their details, and often result in frauds. But recent mails and communication show that increasingly, the phishing attacks look more genuine.On their part, government agencies and RBI can do little apart from educating individuals, especially through messages on their websites.According to estimates, phishing losses in the first half of 2012 (January-June) stood around $4 million (around Rs 20 crore), which is just 1% of the global loss. The UK ($315 million), the US and Canada ($118 million each) have a bigger problem at hand.With lower net penetration, Indians may have just escaped the adverse impacts. But a recent survey showed that nearly 70% were aware of it. In fact, recent trends show that Smishing (phishing via SMS) and Vishing (via voice mail) are emerging threats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17699980", "title": "Films, curtains to be removed from buses", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police has decided to start a drive against buses having their windows covered with curtains and black films. Likewise, police is likely to ask hotels and restaurants to cut short their New Year eve celebrations and functions and wind up by 12.45 am.Though under the Supreme Court guidelines the Jaipur police's drive to remove black films from four wheelers had started in November, it was not intense. Now, police officers say they will not spare even school buses, taxis and other private vehicles this time to check the crime that usually takes place in vehicles with covered windows.It was decided in a meeting of senior officers of the Jaipur police commissionerate that Friday onwards police will launch a campaign against tourist buses, low floor buses, city buses run by RSRTC and mini buses to remove the films and curtains that cover the windows.\"I think it is necessary to curb the crime that takes place in the buses and vehicles with covered windows. Earlier we had launched a campaign against the cars and jeeps but this time after Delhi's rape case in a chartered bus we will remove curtains and other things used to cover the windows,\" said Raghuveer Saini, additional DCP(Crime) on Thursday.Saini added that police would be asked to ensure that vehicles with covered windows do not ply in the city. \"I will send them the written directives over it,\" he said.The police is also mulling over an idea to cut short New Years' eve celebrations. \"It is seen that the revelers and drunken people on New Year eve not only drive rashly but also harass the women who attend New Year eve parties. Thus, we are trying to find out if we can legally to cut short New Year celebrations asking to wind up the celebrations by 12.30 am or 12.45 am,\" said BL Soni, commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17701020", "title": "Army pitches in to help in Kumbh preparations", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Army has offered help to officials to tackle medical and health emergencies during the Maha Kumbh and suggested to assign specific tasks to medical officers under the quick reaction medical teams (QRMT).On Thursday, Brigadier S K Kathpalia and Colonel A K Sharma discussed these issues with Major (Dr) B P Singh, joint director and in-charge of medical services during Kumbh Mela and asked him to conduct a mock-drill.Singh told TOI, \"Joint teams of military hospital and health department would be participating in a mock drill in the last week of December.\"He added that Brig Kathpalia (commandant of military hospital, Allahabad) and Col Sharma (senior registrar, military hospital, Allahabad) inspected the central hospital on Thursday.They also inspected quick reaction medical kits (QRMK) and reserve wards, specialists' departments and machines being installed at the central hospital.Singh said, \"We would be preparing an action plan after the mock drill so that we have an accurate plan in place to deal with any eventuality.\"He added that medical and para-medical staff would be apprised about their deployment and duties.He said medical teams will be equipped with bomb defusing apparatus, and drowning kits, tips on controlling stampede and how to treat burn injuries, etc and medical officers and para-medical staff will be apprised about disaster management strategy as part of preparation for Kumbh.The department has already set up 300 quick response medical kits (QRMKs) each for explosion, stampede, burn injuries and drowning during Kumbh and these kits would be available at central hospital, zonal hospitals and other first aid posts being set up on and around the Kumbh campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699110", "title": "Indigenous OS for computers from DRDO soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: With cyber security becoming an area of concern, the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) is developing an indigenous operating system for computers.\"It will be called the Indian Operating System and should be ready in three years,\" DRDO director-general V K Saraswat told reporters here on Thursday. Saraswat was in city to participate in the pearl jubilee international conference on Navigation and Communication (Navcom-2012) organised by the Research and Training Unit for Navigational Electronics ( Nertu), Osmania University and DRDO.Saraswat said 150 engineers were working on the new operating system for the last one-and-a-half years. \"To secure our cyber network, our own OS for computers is highly essential,\" Saraswat said adding that funds were no constraint for the programme. The DRDO chief said cyber criminals with malicious intent were also on the prowl on the internet and one has to keep tabs on them.Saraswat who is also secretary, department of defence, research and development and scientific adviser to defence ministry said the industry in the country should also manufacture good hardware. \"We are still importing transmitters and receivers. For the country to equip itself well for electronic warfare, hardware manufacturing also should improve,\" he said. A S Ganesan, project director, Indian Space Research Organisation's (ISRO) GPS-aided Geo Augmented Navigation (Gagan) said the project would have a lot of applications, especially for the aviation sector. As part of the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS) seven satellites would be launched and one has already been launched in September. Another launch is due in February next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17701148", "title": "Kerala high court permits naval guards to visit Italy for Christmas", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Thursday allowed the two Italian naval guards, accused of fatally shooting two Indian fishermen close to the coast in the Arabian Sea on February 15, to visit Italy to be with their families for Christmas on a bank guarantee of Rs 6 crore (around $1.1 million). The shooting had triggered a major diplomatic stand-off between Indian and Italy, with the police beginning a murder inquiry against the two sailors who were part of the crew of oil tanker, MV Enrica Lexie.Justice P Bhavadasan, who considered the petition by Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone, held that it would be improper of the court to reject their petition after the Central government informed the court that undertakings given by the Italian ambassador and consul general may be given due consideration.Italy's ambassador to India Giacomo Sanfelice and consul general Giampaolo Cutillo had provided sworn affidavits ensuring return of the naval guards after a two-week visit to Italy. The government also gave a letter to the court from the foreign minister of Italy, certifying that the two officials were authorized to provide such an undertaking.Allowing the petition, the court held: \"Denial of relief to the petitioners is easy. But this court must remind itself of the whole issue. If the Union of India is of the view that after considering the various aspects and interests involved, the undertakings given to this court are sufficient guarantee to ensure that the petitioners will return to India as directed by this court, it may not be proper for this court to hold otherwise.\"Dismissing the state government's contention that the motive of the petitioners was suspect, the court noted that it is for the Union of India to consider the acceptability and reliability of the undertakings and it will not be proper for the court to impose its view as those aspects fall within the realm of executive function. The case is not just regarding the presence of the naval guards for trial but, crucially, the relationship between two nations, the judge observed.The court has asked the Italian government to furnish a bank guarantee of Rs 6 crore and as well as provide undertakings by the ambassador and consul general to ensure return of the naval guards on January 10 next year. The court also asked the Centre to issue the necessary travel documents if the undertakings were satisfactory to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17701312", "title": "Operation Bajrang to flush out Naxals", "text": "RAIPUR: Five Naxal group members were killed and arms and ammunition were recovered during the search and combing operations conducted under Operation Bajrang in the Maoist areas in Rajnandgaon district.The operation was carried out by Chhattisgarh Police and 44th battalion of Indo-Tibetan Police Force for five days for area domination and to cut supplies to the rebels in the area, which borders with Gadchiroli in neighbouring Maharashtra.\"More than 1000 security personnel were part of the operation during which they seized huge quantities of Naxal literature, cameras, and arms and ammunitions,\" said Y P Singh, who led the operation.Dilip Singh Judeo's son dead: Senior BJP leader and former Union minister Dilip Singh Judeo's son Shatrunjay Pratap Singh Judeo, who was the vice-president of Jashpur Municipal Council, died of brain haemorrhage at the civil hospital in Jashpur here on Thursday. Junior Judeo, 40, is survived by his wife and son. Reports from Jashpur said Shatrunjay was admitted to the hospital where he breathed his last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17700057", "title": "Congress MLAs bombard Rahul Gandhi with poll complaints", "text": "PANAJI: Tickets to the Alemao family, the clout of the Rane family over the distribution of Congress tickets, and former chief minister Digambar Kamat's inefficiency in taking decisions. These, according to Congress MLAs, were the reasons for the party's debacle in the state. They made these complaints to to all India Congress committee general secretary Rahul Gandhi , who said that Congress workers need to revamp the party.Gandhi on Thursday held a marathon meeting with MLAs and Congress workers from all 40 constituencies, office bearers of Goa pradesh Congress committee, youth Congress members, and representatives of local governing bodies, in order to galvanize the party in the state.Sources told TOI that Gandhi was surprised when he came to know how tickets were distributed during the Goa election.Other MLAs blamed the MoI imbroglio for the mess. Churchill Alemao , especially, who also met Gandhi, blamed Kamat for 'sitting over' the MoI issue, which led to the defeat. Kamattried to explain the issue to Gandhi.Interestingly, one of the complaint to the Gandhi scion went as such: \"Congress MLAs didn't take party workers into confidence when the party was in power\".The rift in the camp was evident when Gandhi was told that everybody was lobbying for the top post of Goa pradesh Congress party, and also for the party ticket for the Lok Sabha election.Mauvin Gudinho, Congress MLA from Dabolim, said that the party should go for a totally new dispensation, which would be good for its future. \"Gandhi knows the reality; what actually went wrong, why it went wrong and what are the reasons\", Godinho said, adding that this was very healthy for the party.Godinho told TOI that mining was one of the important issues discussed during the meeting with Gandhi. \"What is to be done and how it is to be done was discussed, as people are dependent on mining\", he added.Godinho also said that Gandhi received a lot of valuable suggestions, and that this time, Gandhi meant business. \"That means action, and you will see things happening in the Congress,\" Godinho said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17701962", "title": "Jolly good time on wheels of joy", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city reveled in Christmas spirit as a group of carol singers went around prominent roads singing carols, while the Santa Claus distributed chocolates and gifts to people.The rally started from near a five star hotel on Ferozepur Road and concluded at Bal Bahwan in Sarabha Nagar, where kids had a gala time playing with the Santa Claus.Christmas is enjoyed most by the children world over, said Umeish Yadav, a hotel manager residing in Agar Nagar.\"Decorating Christmas trees, waiting for Santa's gifts and gorging on delicious cakes and chocolates is what they love about the festival. Our celebrations were worthwhile because we could see that shining smile on children's faces when we ended at Bal Bhawan,\" Umeish added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701191", "title": "ACP shifted to Chiplun", "text": "AURANGABAD: Assistant commissioner of police Sandeep Bhajibhakare was relieved of his charge in Cidco division of the Aurangabad police on Thursday with immediate effect and has been transferred to Chiplun in Ratnagiri as deputy superintendent of police.When contacted, Bhajibhakre said, \"I had requested for the transfer as I was being dragged unnecessarily into controversies by people with ulterior motives. I have faith in the judiciary and am confident of coming out clear in the allegations made against me.\"Deputy commissioner of police (headquarters) Somnath Gharge said, \"ACP Bhajibhakare has been transferred on administrative grounds.\"Bhajibhakare, along with two other assistant commissioners of police KS Bahure and Naresh Meghrajani, were embroiled in controversies, after a woman police constable had complained to the State Women's Commission about her alleged sexual harassment by three senior police officials in August. A high-level enquiry was initiated by the Aurangabad commissionerate on the directions of the commission.The findings, including the say of the complainant and the three senior officials, have been sent to the commission and the state government and a verdict is likely within 30 days.Sandeep Bhajibhakare, along with two other assistant commissioners of police, KS Bahure and Naresh Meghrajani, was embroiled in controversies, after a woman police constable had complained to the State Women's Commission about her alleged sexual harassment by the three senior police officials in August. A high-level enquiry was initiated by the Aurangabad commissionerate on the directions of the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701488", "title": "CM wants impact assessment of forests", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Thursday asked forest department officials to get impact assessment done by a team of experts before allowing industries and mining in forest areas. The State Wildlife Board had put up a total of 13 proposals before the chief minister for clearance on Thursday.The CM heads the wildlife board. \"The department should consult experts, calculate the long term impact, revenue prospects, and the impact on the ecology of all the projects before clearing them,\" said Munda. He also said, \"Industries and mining are necessary for development. At the same time, we have to maintain the ecological balance.\"Munda asked the department to also consult experts from Zoological Survey of India, Botanical Survey of India and Wildlife Institute of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701594", "title": "Plan to deck up Ganga diara for Xmas, New Year", "text": "PATNA: Want to enjoy Christmas and the New Year amid cold breeze and even cooler sands, watching the setting sun from the lap of Ganga? To make this come true, the tourism department has planned once again to make the necessary arrangements on the Ganga diara.The department is putting up food stalls and making sitting arrangements at the Ganga diara. Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) has already invited interested businessman to apply for opening temporary food and game kiosks at the diara for over a period of one week starting from Christmas to provide entertainment and food to the visitors. A small token payment of Rs 1,000 to Rs 2,000 is required for setting up the food and entertainment kiosks.\"We have also mooted a camel safari in the diara, but this is yet to take final shape as ferrying camel to the other side of the river on a boat is quiet difficult,\" Sunil Kumar Pintu, state tourism minister, told TOI. He added, \"We have a few applications of people interested in setting up food and entertainment kiosks and for camel safari. But we are yet to decide whom to entrust with the task.\"To ferry the people across the river, BSTDC would double the number of trips of its floating restaurant. Besides, more country boats would be available at ghats to ferry the visitors to Ganga diara. One can enjoy in the lap of the river till almost sunset. Since there is no satisfactory electricity facility in the diara, the corporation has planned on allowing people enjoy there only till sunset.On the Christmas and New Year, the floating restaurant would operate between 10am and 5pm, the number of trips depending on the number of footfalls. In a single trip, the restaurant can carry as many as 80 passengers. There would be a music programme on both the special days along with special snacks and dinner on the restaurant.Christmas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700179", "title": "Mahesh wins Match Racing Championship", "text": "MUMBAI: Experienced R Mahesh showed why he is considered one of the best as he triumphed against Ayaz Sheikh in a one-sided final of the Match Racing Championship during the Festival of Sails at the south of Oyster Rock, Colaba, on Thursday.Mahesh took the early lead and demonstrated his acumen with a continuous attack on Shaikh.The later half of the race saw Sheikh make some ground as he was on Mahesh's tail constantly. But thanks to some quick thinking on his end, Mahesh finished ahead to bag the championship. Atul Sinha finished ahead of Muthu Rajan to grab the third place in the championship.Results: Match Racing: Final: R Mahesh defeated Ayaz Sheikh. Third place: Ayaz Sheikh.420 class: U Dutta-Hussain Arsiwalla, Sanjeev-Tulsi Chauhan, P Kumar-A Acharaya. Second race: U Dutta-H Arsiwalla, Aman M Vyas-S Pillai, Sanjeev-Tulsi Chauhan. Afternoon race: Sanjeev-Tulsi Chauhan, P Kumar-A Acharaya, Ekta Yadav-Asif Shaikh. 470: C Shekhar-Kamalesh Patel, A Patel-S Raj, K Kumar-H Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17701573", "title": "11 thatched houses gutted", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Eleven thatched houses were gutted after a fire, said to have been set off by sparks from an unattended stove inside a hut, broke out in SC colony near Vepagunta here on Thursday. No casualties were reported as most of the dwellers were away at work.Two fire tenders from Sabbavaram and Marripalem reached the spot to put out the flames. The fire accident took place in the colony near ZP High School around afternoon. Locals said they noticed flames coming out one B Vijaya's house which spread quickly to other houses due to heavy winds.The tahsildar of Pendurthy, A Venkateswara Rao, visited the incident spot and assured the victims of financial support from the government after an estimation of the loss of property. The GVMC officials said they would set up a temporary shelter for the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700534", "title": "Govt will draft bill to amend law on sex assault, rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: In wake of the ghastly Vasant Vihar gang rape, Delhi government has decided to draft a new bill seeking amendments that make the law against sexual assault more stringent. The new bill, to be prepared by additional solicitor general Indira Jaising, will be moved to the home ministry by Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit for consideration.As per Jaising, the new bill aims at filling the gaps in the existing laws on sexual assault and rape. \"It's too early to say what the new bill will entail but there are a lot of gaps in the justice delivery system such as not enough protection for victims or witnesses. Also, the law does not effectively deal with the rehabilitation the victim,\" said Jaising.Dikshit said the decision to have a new bill draft was taken by the Delhi CM after holding meetings with legal experts, professors and social workers.The government has decided to set up a round-the-clock control room for women in distress by the month-end. It would be made functional in the CM's office at Delhi Secretariat with a dedicated phone number.Dikshit said all stakeholders would be consulted before finalizing the draft law. The Delhi Commission for Women has been asked to utilize all feasible and appropriate modes of media to inculcate awareness among all sections of the society. Citizen groups, GRCs, RWAs, corporate houses and Mahila Panchayats would be involved. The services of NSS will be utilized at the university level to bring awareness on women's safety.Dikshit said there is a need to disseminate info on police protocol by getting copies printed in large numbers to publicize a step-by-step procedure being adopted by police in registering FIR and conducting investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701202", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation land auction may fetch 1K crore", "text": "KOLKATA: Reeling under a severe financial crisis, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation has started monetizing its land assets in a big way, as a last resort to keep the services running.With the Rs 400 crore fixed deposits left behind by the Left Front board fast depleting, the civic body now plans to auction 11 acres (33 bighas) of prime land, off E M Bypass behind Silver Spring, from its land kitty spread over some 100 acres in the city that the state government doesn't have.While explaining the fiscal imbalance, senior corporation officials recalled the situation in 1991 when the country had to pledge its gold reserves for debt servicing. \"The auction, likely to fetch at least Rs 1,000 crore, will help the corporation meet its fiscal deficit,\" a KMC official said.What's more, the civic body may go for a second phase of auction to foot the city beautification bills. KMC officials have identified another 50 bigha plot extending from the Milan Mela Grounds to Hatgachhia near Dhapa, close to the 11-acre plot, for exigency. However, the land has a thousand settlers and therefore the sale is less easy than said.The KMC is in a hurry. It has already engaged a reputed law firm to prepare the bid document for the auction. A KMC land and estate department officer said that the estimated Rs 1,000 crore revenue is based on projection of the sale of a two-acre land opposite Science City, the civic body made nearly two years ago in early 2011. The two-acre land had fetched Rs 215 crore for the KMC. \"This is just a moderate estimate. This huge chunk of prime land could fetch us even more,\" said Rabin Ganguly, the principal land consultant of the KMC. According to Ganguly, who has been associated with the KMC's land sale initiative for the past five years, the proposed auction, given the location, might fetch the highest rates in the city.Caught in the financial crunch, mayor Sovan Chatterjee has given a go-ahead to the auction after doing a quick recce of the corporation land. \"We are in the process of preparing a bid document for the land and will advertise about the auction very soon,\" said a KMC official.Getting a nod from the top boss, civic officials have already opened a dialogue with the 45-odd farmers (not landowners) who have been growing vegetables on the corporation land for ages. Local Trinamool Congress councillor Sambhunath Kaur is holding the negotiation prodded by the mayor. Kaur on Thursday said that he had held a series of meetings with the vegetable growers, who have assured him that they would give the land provided they too were compensated. \"I have had several meetings with these vegetable growers. They are willing to vacate the land,\" Kaur said.However, no deals have been struck between the KMC and the farmers.Feeling upbeat with the new resource, the corporation has ordered widening of the existing Dhapa road to get the infrastructure ready for prospective bidders. Mayor-in-council member, overseeing KMC roads, Atin Ghosh has asked the local councillor and civic officials to widen the Dhapa Road that connects the 11-acre KMC plot to the EM Bypass. \"We will provide all necessary infrastructure for the upcoming projects in the area. Some shop keepers have vacated the place on the request of the local councillor. The work will start soon,\" the MMIC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17702047", "title": "Congress takes 'abusive Majithia' to streets, clip goes viral", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Miffed at the SAD-BJP alliance's \"power-drunk attitude,\" Congress legislators in Punjab have taken their angst from the Vidhan Sabha premises to the streets. Showing clips of minister for revenue, information and broadcasting, Bikramjit Singh Majithia, using expletives during his address in the state assembly, repeatedly at huge screens in Sector 17 plaza here during a candle light march, they have demanded his dismissal.The legislators, who have boycotted the winter session, were joined by former legislators as well in the plaza of busy Sector 17 market to protest against the government's attitude. The clip on Majithia, where he is seen getting abusive during his address in the house, was shown repeatedly on three huge screens put up in the market. It became a crowd puller as people were seen recording videos of it on their cellphones.\"Our MLA Rana Gurjit Singh has been suspended from the House for allegedly using expletives which he denies. On the other hand, the speaker chose to ignore even worse behaviour by a cabinet minister when he hurled abuses, which were captured on tape. We demand the cabinet minister's dismissal,\" said Sunil Jakhar, leader of Opposition in the House.Incidentally, though the expletives were expunged by the speaker - which will amount to breach of privilege of house, if used by media -- the clip has been posted online and has gone viral in the cyberspace. Reacting to this, speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal has issued a warning of privilege notice to all media entities that \"any violation of rules will be treated as breach of privilege of the house.\" The clip has attracted over 8,000 hits within past 24 hours in the cyberspace.Addressing the gathering, Sunil Jakhar said, \"We have been forced to take to the streets as we are not being heard in the Vidhan Sabha. People gave votes to the Akali Dal on chief minister P S Badal's name. But now, he is nowhere in the picture. The power has been hijacked from him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700030", "title": "UDRI manual to help find holes in Mumbai land use plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Now, citizens can easily find missing open spaces or heritage listed structures from the Existing Land Use (ELU) plan with the help of an Urban Design Research Institute (UDRI) manual. Citizens can give their feedback on discrepancies and missing links they discover on the ELU maps prepared by the BMC.The last date for sending in comments to the BMC is January 11. This ground verification will help in preparing the BMC's development plan (DP) in 2014, which is to be implemented by 2034. The DP is revised every 20 years.\"The ELU will be the basis on which the new DP will be prepared. It is important that the ELU reflect what is on the ground and is accurate. This input from citizens will be able to refine the BMC survey and make the ELU more accurate. Those who live in the city know more about their area than anybody else. This is the very first time that the civic body has invited citizens to support them in preparing the new DP,\" said Deepali Mody, director, UDRI.The first step involves determining which ward you live in and download the ward plan from the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) web site. Next, look at the street names to get an idea about the neighbourhood. Use this information to find the road on which your site is located.\"If you know the approximate position of the land parcel you are verifying within the block (mid block, south end of the block and so on), you can determine what colour it has been marked as, and the letter code assigned to it. The legend on each of the maps will help you decode what the colours and letters mean,\" said Mody.Then comes the part where you compare the ELU plan with the actual site. \"If the land parcel you are verifying matches the designation on the map then that is fine. However, if there are any of the following discrepancies, make a note: The land parcel is shown as a different land use from what it is actually used for (the open space is shown as vacant land, mangroves as slums and so on); the heritage status and grading of a building have not been marked; overhead infrastructure such as high tension lines are not marked.\" The next step is to find Geo Coordinates for the site. You will have to download and instal Google Earth. Once it is up and running, rotate and zoom to India, Mumbai, your ward and find your site.Once you have found a discrepancy in the ELU plan vis a vis the situation on the ground, you must share the information to the BMC office as well as the UDRI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700006", "title": "High court blast suspect shot in Jammu &amp; Kashmir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hizbul Mujahideen militant Shakir Hussain Sheikh alias Chhota Hafiz, an accused in the 2011 Delhi HC blast, was gunned down by security forces in Kishtwar district of J&K; on Thursday.Chhota Hafiz was the last surviving link to the two Pakistani bombers who planted the bombs at gate no.5 of Delhi HC killing 16 people. Sources said the Army received information about movement of militants in Marwah tehsil of Kishtwar on Thursday. The troops of 11 RR laid an ambush on Qadrini Bridge and the militants came about 7.30 pm. Bullets were exchanged killing Chhota Hafiz. There was a reward of Rs 50 lakh on his head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701379", "title": "Absent official holds up degree certificates", "text": "AURANGABAD: The students of Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (BAMU) have not been issued their convocation degrees for the past three months as the official responsible for issuing the degrees have been absent.\"I have applied for the degree in October, but it has not been issued despite regular follow up,\" said a BA student.Another post graduate student said that he had applied for the degree in November and during follow up, he was told that the official was on election duty.\"The clerk was on medical leave for a month and has been appointed for election duty after,\" said a senior official at BAMU.A student who visited the office last week said that he was told by the authority that the paper required for writing convocation degrees was out of stock. Students have complained that the official has misled and furnished them with excuses on many occasions.\"I couldn't submit the degree when demanded during an interview recently. My batch mates are also suffering due the delay,\" said another student.Confirming the absence of the official on election duty, Dhanraj Mane, registrar of BAMU said, \"A new official has been given the charge in his absence. The work of issuing degrees will resume in next two days.\"Speaking to TOI, the senior official said that the university has received a huge amount of applications in the last couple of months after the university issued directives about charging fines to students who have not applied for availing degrees which has been pending for many years. A fine of Rs 200 was announced to be imposed for each delayed application of degree.The BAMU administration has received more than 20, 000 applications for convocation degrees in the last two months, said a circular issued by the university on November 28.However, seeing the response to the applications the university had decided to waive off the fine. According to the records, around 10, 000 students have applied for degree from the previous batches. Another 10, 000 students have also applied for convocation degrees from October 2011 and March 2012 batch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17700020", "title": "Molestation case: Bail for warden", "text": "AJMER: The Rajasthan high court on Thursday granted bail to the co-accused, Vasudha Deviraj, in the molestation case of third year student of Bhagwant University. Vasudha was arrested by police and was in jail since November 29. Meanwhile, the main accused Anil Singh, chairman of the university, is absconding after the crime.Sources said that high court on Thursday granted bail to Vasudha, warden of girls' hostel who is booked for conspiracy and whose bail was rejected by the lower court. A third-year-student of aeronautics filed the complaint against Singh saying that Singh called her to his residence in the afternoon and tried to molest her. The warden, Vasudha, took the victim to the residence of Singh and left her on the gate.Singh, who has been absconding since then had filed the application of anticipatory bail in the district and sessions court the hearing of which is on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17700679", "title": "Online visa facilities for foreigners soon", "text": "NOIDA: Foreign nationals working or studying in Noida and Greater Noida can now directly verify the extensions or terminations of their visas online. They can also apply for online registration as Noida Police will soon complete fully computerizing the Foreigner Registration Office (FRO) of Gautam Budh Nagar district.After completion of the project in January, foreigners will not be required to physically visit the FRO for every visa-related work.Police said that over 2,000 foreign nationals from Japan, Korea and several European nations reside in Noida and Greater Noida under different categories of visas. They are engaged as students or employees in various medical and technical institutes, apart from a number of IT and other companies.'With the completion of the project, applications for registration of visas can be made online. Delays incurred on account of manual system of visa registration will be avoided,\" said SSP Praveen Kumar .The online application system will help foreign nationals intending to stay in Noida and Greater Noida on long-term visas, extending a period of stay of more than 180 days, to register themselves with the regional FRO, well within the mandatory period of 14 days of arrival.The regional office of the FRO located at the district police headquarters in Sector 14A will also be shifted to a new location in Sector 15.The online system will also help curb various other difficulties faced by foreign nationals in visa-related work by removing language barriers and eliminating the role of middlemen and facilitators. \"There have been instances where foreign nationals have been duped by middlemen. With the online system, foreign nationals can directly verify visa-related works online,\" added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17701473", "title": "Besra targets tech minister, seeks CBI probe into assets", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Jharkhand Peoples Party (JPP) president and former MLA, Surya Singh Besra, has charged science and technology minister, Chandra Prakash Chaudhary, of indulging in corrupt practices ever since he had assumed the office of minister in the state.Besra, who is on a serial graft expose trail for the last few days, claimed Chaudhary is involved in various scams and his disproportionate assets need to be investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI).\"He is involved in many scams and has 50 percent partnership in an upcoming private Steel and power project in Gola, Ramgarh. He is also an equal partner in the Rs.200crore construction company in the Booty more in Ranchi,\" claimed Besra.The JPP leader said although Chaudhary claims to have got a clean chit from the Income Tax department but he would take up these matters in the court and will file a supplementary petition in the Jharkhand High Court seeking thorough investigation into the assets of Chaudhary.Earlier this week, Besra, filed a PIL in the Jharkhand High Court seeking probe into the assets of incumbent deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato.Besra also alleged that Chaudhary, who is also in-charge of the building construction department, has a dubious role in the Rs.1300crore construction scam mentioned in the CAG report.In the last one week, Besra claimed to have exposed the corrupt deals of two incumbent deputy chief ministers of the state namely Hemant Soren and Sudesh Mahato.The JPP president on Tuesday had expressed threat to his life.The former MLA was also prevented from entering the irrigation department guest house here to address the scheduled press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "17701501", "title": "Woman ends life along with 3 daughters", "text": "SASARAM: After failing to get justice from law enforcing agencies, a widow along with her three daughters committed suicide by jumping before a running train at Adamapur, about 5km away from the Sasaram railway station, on Wednesday.The bodies were found on Thursday. On the basis of a complaint lodged by the brother of the deceased widow, an FIR was lodged against her in-laws on Thursday, police sources said.They said the deceased widow has been identified as Sonamuni Devi of Adamapur village in the district. She was a mother of three children aged between 3 and 7 years. Her husband, a tractor driver of Tikar village under the Tilothu police station of the district, died last year in an accident in a stone quarry.The in-laws of the widow used to torture and assault her. On Wednesday, she was assaulted by her brother in-law. When she went to the police station to lodge a complaint, she was chased from there as well. Later, she left for her parents' house at Adamapur along with her three children and committed suicide by jumping before a running train. After postmortem, the bodies were handed over to her family. Police said action would be taken against the guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "17699591", "title": "TRSV, BJP men obstruct Naidu's yatra", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: Telangana Rashtra Samithi Vidyarthi Vibhag (TRSV) and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) activists were taken into custody by the police when they tried to obstruct TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu's padayatra here on Thursday.The sixth day of Naidu's padayatra in the district at Burgupally village of Gangadhara mandalwas stalled by the BJP and TRSV activists, who demanded his clarified stand on Telangana.Police resorted to lathicharge to clear the mob and arrested 20 protesters. Following this, another BJP group and TRSV activists pelted stones at the gathering. The activists were also enraged over the arrest of Bodige Shobha, the TRS in-charge of Choppadandi constituency of Karimnagar district.Police, however, said that they had taken her into custody only as a precautionary measure. MLC Naradasu Laxman Rao sought Shobha's release and warned TDP men against disturbing the TRS Pallebaata programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17702124", "title": "Cloud computing: Only 5% techies are job-ready", "text": "CHENNAI: While cloud computing is widely recognised as the next big opportunity to watch out for, it has already made significant inroads in the industry. However, the IT workforce may not keep pace with the developments. The industry ready workforce for new domains like cloud and mobility may be as less as 5.7% of the current IT workforce , said senior corporate vice president, Rajiv Sodhi, HCL Technologies ,.An internal HCL report on IT careers said that the traditional \"IT industry career is in decline, threatening the careers of 10 million employees\" . The global IT workforce is estimated to be around 20 million out of which around 3 million are in India.The Indian cloud market may grow by more than 70% in 2012 as per the Indian Cloud Market Overview 2011-2016 report by International Data Corporation (IDC). It stood at $535 million in 2011. The report also said that the market is likely to grow 50% over the next three years.While it is not that IT jobs are disappearing, there is a clear shift in the nature of the jobs. While traditional IT jobs are likely to get automated, jobs in newer domains like cloud computing will be created.The HCL report further says that the churn of experienced employees from IT to other sectors has gone up by 15%-20 % over the past year. \"Training existing employees to deal with newer technologies is the dominant trend. Only 30% of the workforce which is already skilled, is being hired from outside organisations ,\" said AVP and Head - Cross Functional Services, Kalyan Kumar, HCL Tech.It is becoming harder for firms to find people when filling up positions which require particular skill sets related to cloud. AMP Technologies, founded by Sabeer Bhatia , on Thursday announced that the complete development of their cloud based product was done in Chennai. Rujuta Rammohan who heads the HR at AMP told that it was very difficult to find the 15 people for development , especially the few with specific cloud computing skills. \"It took us around six months to recruit all of them,\" she said. \"Most of the companies just outsource to specialised cloud computing firms or they start training some of their own employees.\"A Gartner report noted that 'externalization' will be a big factor in the future of IT services - the first choice of buyers is to consider \"sourcing\" instead of building IT solutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17701864", "title": "Mangalore soaks in festive spirit", "text": "MANGALORE: With Christmas just a few days away, the city is soaking in the festive spirit. Making the most of the festival season is shoppers who splurge on every thing, from clothes to gifts and stars to cakes. Preparations are in full swing in Christian households to welcome baby Jesus.Ullhas Rasquinha, owner of Jerosa Company, which is famous here for selling Christmas gifts , says that there is a change in the trend people decorate their houses. \"Earlier people used to hang only one star at their homes. But now, they have started hanging dozens of stars. Likewise people used to buy items to decorate their trees and cribs. But now they prefer readymade cribs and Christmas trees made of optical fibres decked up with lights and other decorative items,\" he adds.A 40-ft tall Christmas tree installed opposite a jewellery shop on Kankanady Bypass Road is drawing attention of shoppers as well as passersby.Crib contest The Karnataka Regional Youth Commission in association with a news website will organize a crib contest. The contest will be held between December 21 to 31 and participants have to upload the pictures of cribs on www.cribcontest.com. Apart from a judging panel's judgment, votes of the public will also play an important role in deciding the winner.Peace meet To promote peace and harmony in society, the Federation of South Indian Christian Churches (FSICC) will organize a Christmas Harmony Meet at its premises Haleyangadi on December 23 at 3pm. Daniel Devaraj, president of FSICC, said religious heads from Hindu, Muslim, Christian and other religions will be taking part in the programme. At the event, teams from various colleges will sing Christmas carols.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17701224", "title": "Youth survives mishap causing 29 fractures", "text": "COIMBATORE: Twenty-two-year-old Bharanidharan considers himself lucky to still be alive after he was involved in a road accident which left him with 29 fractures. Thanks to the timely intervention and a marathon operation performed by the team of doctors led by Chief Orthopaedic Surgeon Velsamy Raveendran at Coimbatore Bone and Joint foundation, he recovered from his injuries and was discharged on Thursday. Despite his erratic blood pressure, he was anesthetized and a six-hour surgery was performed to fix fractures of his knee joint. Fourteen units of blood were given to him. doctors sais, he had lost a lot of blood and it could have led to disorder and killed him. However, a controlled method of transfusion of blood products, coagulation factors and meticulous fracture surgery on the first day saved his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701345", "title": "Victims and parents must report such cases: Police", "text": "RANCHI: Three cases of suicide for sexual harassment took place in a week in the state, but police are blaming victims and their parents for not bringing such incidents to the notice of authorities. Women's police station and women's commission feel the girls and their parents are to be blamed for not lodging complaints and hence it becomes difficult for police to take actions. \"Until we receive a complaint, we can't take any action. But the girls never come to lodge a complaint if she faces sexual harassment. In these incidents, which happened recently, we were clueless as nothing was reported to us either by the victims or the parents,\" said inspector Helen Soy.In 2012, the police station received just one complaint of a girl being harassed at her workplace. The helpline launched in August 2011 by the women's cell mostly gets anonymous calls.Soy said in case of sexual harassment, the victim must alert the police immediately. In case the person is unknown to the victim, she must give the exact location where she was harassed and some identification of the person to facilitate fast action. She suggested that girls should move in groups to avert untoward incident.Hemlata S Mohan, chairperson, State Women Commission, agreed and said parents need to be aware of the actions that they could take in order to punish the teaser. \"The commission is fully functional provided the cases are reported here. Soon there will be an anti-eve teasing cell for which talks are going on,\" she said.Psychiatrists say in most of the cases, victims do not get any support from her family or the society, or at times, the police. So they refrain from reporting harassment cases.Amool Ranjan Singh, director of Ranchi Institute of Neuro Psychiatry and Applied Sciences ( RINPAS), said, \"The victim is not able to vent out her thoughts to anyone due to which she develops extreme helplessness. This further aggravates into internal aggression which leads to suicidal thoughts in her mind, suicidal attempts and finally they commit suicide.\"He said parents, society and the police have a co-ordinated role to play. \"The police have a major role, but parents, principals and teachers and the society also need to work together. Discussions on campuses can help the victim in narrating such issues,\" said Singh. He said in such cases, helpline numbers are of great help. \"We launched on December 15 a helpline number, 2451058 to deal with depression and they have received around 10 calls till now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700177", "title": "Child dies after bench in garden falls on her", "text": "MUMBAI: A two-and-a-half-year-old girl died on Wednesday when a concrete bench in the compound of her housing society in Ghatkopar (W) collapsed on her.The child, Latika Sharma, was trying to climb down from the structure, which was apparently in a bad shape, when it fell on her. She was taken to Rajawadi Hospital where she was declared dead on arrival. Her family has, however, not blamed anyone for the incident and not filed any case of negligence against the housing society.The incident occurred around 10pm at Sagar Park Co-operative Housing Society at Amrut Nagar (W) when Latika, along with her mother, stepped out in the garden.\"It was a routine for them. Ever day after dinner, they would go for a walk in the compound. She was playing on the garden's bench and her mother was taking a stroll. As the child tried to climb down, she stepped on a wobbly leg of the bench and the entire structure toppled on top of her,\" said Latika's uncle, Dinesh.The girl was first taken to two nearby clinics and a hospital but all three reportedly declined to admit her; the third one even stated that the child was dead. The family then took Latika to Rajawadi Hospital where the doctors declared her dead and conducted a post-mortem.Latika's father, Vinay Sharma, was not in a state to talk to the paper. \"She was the only daughter in our family and it was our bad luck that we lost her to a freak accident,\" said her uncle, Dinesh, who is also a member of the housing society's committee. He said, \"We do not have any complaint against the society as nobody knew about the condition of the furniture in the garden.\"Those who had witnessed the accident, however, claimed that the bench was not in a good condition. and alleged that it was the society's irresponsibility.\"The bench was in a bad state and the housing society should have replaced it. Even the other swings and slides are not in great shape. Following the incident, on police instruction, all rickety benches in the compound have been removed. The girl was really cute and charming. It was an unfortunate incident,\" said a witness.But the society's secretary, Mukesh Vakhariya, said, \"Among the 450 members in the housing society, not one has ever complained about it. Whenever there is a complaint, we redress the matter immediately. This was an unfortunate incident.\"The police have registered a case of accidental death. Senior police inspector of Ghatkopar police station Ram Mandurke said, \"We will investigate the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699275", "title": "Bidar rape victim continues fight", "text": "HYDERABAD: Lying on a bed in a city hospital, the five-year-old rape victim from Bidar in Karnataka complains of pain each time her mother touches her legs to comfort her, while doctors are trying hard to save her from possible infection.While the New Delhi rape of a 23-year-old paramedical student triggered widespread anger and outrage, the manner in which the five-year-old sleeping girl was whisked away by a neighbour and raped just to take revenge on the family has horrified Hyderabadis.The girl was stolen when she was sleeping at Saigaon village under Hulsoor police station in Bidar district and taken to a field and raped, only for revenge on the family for refusing to giving him water and other stuff he demanded, family members said.On drips at the Niloufer hospital's post-operative ward, the girl cries in pain each time her mother touches her legs. \"She suffered vaginal and rectal injuries which we have corrected. We could restore anatomy but nothing can be said now and she might need minor corrections (surgeries) at a later state,\" Dr K Ramesh Reddy, superintendent at Niloufer Hospital said.\"As far as prognosis is concerned, nothing can be said. There is scope for infection in the rectum because she is said to have been assaulted in the field,\" Dr Reddy said, adding that the girl would be in the hospital for a while.Rapist swore revenge for being denied waterHer parents have identified the attacker as Dayanand, who had come to live in the neighborhood earlier this month and got angry at their elder daughter after he was refused water and threatened to take revenge.\"He took revenge by raping my daughter and spoiling her life. He did not even realise that she is of his daughter's age,\" an inconsolable Rekha, mother of the child recounted. \"They picked her up removing the chain on the door and placed it back carefully while going out. When we came back, we did not get any hint of foul play and my husband was sleeping,\" she said, barely able to speak. Daily wager Rajkumar's two other children had gone to sleep during a power cut not realising that their younger sister was missing from home.It was Rekha who noticed her daughter was missing and after waiting for a while raised an alarm. After frantically searching for about 40 minutes, they finally heard her faint cries from a field, located about half-a-kilometre from their house.They soon realised that their otherwise bubbly child was in a state of shock and worse, she was profusely bleeding. Minutes later, she uttered Dayanand's name in between cries and fainted, Rekha said.Experts said that it is a traumatic experience for a five-year-old girl and the incident may have long-term psychological impact on her which needs counselling. A few local residents visited the family at the hospital on Thursday and donated cash and clothes to the couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17700559", "title": "Annual function at Choithram International", "text": "INDORE: Choithram International, an IB World School, organized its ninth annual function on Wednesday with much vigor and enthusiasm. The theme of the cultural programme was 'Promotion of Intercultural understanding and respect among young minds'. The spew of events that marked the programme, encouraged the students to become active, open-minded, compassionate and lifelong learners. who understand that other people with their differences can also be right.The managing trustee, Satish Motiani was the chief guest at the occasion. The programme began with ganesh vandana and was followed by a number of cultural dance performances from across the world including African zulu dance, Spanish dance, American ball dance and the famous Bhangra from India. The cross cultural fashion show by the tiny tots was one of the main events.Thereafter, principal Dilip Vasu addressed the audience with his inspiring words. The head boy and head girl assisted him in laying forth the academic and extra-curricular annual progress report. The prize distribution ceremony showcased the brilliant performances of the students and splendid achievements of the institute.It was followed by a drama under the theme 'One World, One Universe' portraying the inter-dependence of all cultures for their existence and survival. Quashing the issue of racism across the globe, a chain of dances propagated the adoption of colors of multi-cultures with open-mindedness.A French song with visuals conveyed the message of humanity as the biggest religion and emphasized the need to live in peace and harmony.The popular numbers from Sholay and Titanic played by the orchestra music band mesmerized the audiences.The programme concluded with a vote of thanks by the head boy and the head girl, followed by a national anthem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17700053", "title": "'Noxibacho Khell' tops at Childrens Tiatr fest", "text": "PANAJI: 'Noxibacho Khell' by Saptarand arts and cultural club, Porvorim, has won the 3rd Children's Tiatr Festival.The festival, organized by Tiatr Academy of Goa, was held at Gomant Vidya Niketan, Margao, from December 5 to 15 and the awards were presented on December 17.Benjamin Silva, MLA &amp; chairman, Goa Khadi and Village Industries Board, was the chief guest on the occasion. C D'Silva, a veteran tiatr artiste, was guest of honour.The judges for the festival were Anil Kumar , tiatr artiste, Rajiv Hede, dramatist and Fr Rolland Lin Fernandes, a musician. The function was compered by Joy Fernandes, cultural organizer, TAG.The following is the result of the 3rd Children's Tiatr Festival: -Best Tiatr Performance: 'Noxibacho Khell' by Saptarang arts &amp; cultural club, Porvorim (1st place); 'Bhurgeponn' by St Elizabeth's parish, Ucassaim (2nd place), 'Amchem Ghor' by Taleigao dramatic troupe (3rd place), 'Dudvani Viktem Mellona' by Agnelo Lobo (consolation), 'An'naddi' by Kala Mogi, Candolim, (merit certificate).Best Direction: Sirish Naik 'Noxibacho Khell', Milagres Carneiro 'Bhurgeponn', Elvis Sequeira 'Amchem Ghor', Domnic Fernandes &amp; Tulsidas Sawant awarded merit certificatesBest Script: Joaquim Dias 'Noxibacho Khell', Fr Ave Mario Afonso 'Bhurgeponn', Pedro Vaz awarded merit certificateBest Male Actor: Kevin Ribeiro 'Amchem Ghor', Jason Mendonsa, 'Noxibacho Khell', Jonan De'Sa, Vikas Gupta &amp; Clive Mascarenhas awarded merit certificates.Best Female Actor: Rhea Rodrigues 'Noxibacho Khell', Shenaya Pereira 'Bhurgeponn', Stephny Pedrose &amp; Swizel Fernandes awarded merit certificates.Best Comedian - Male:Velbert Rodrigues 'Bhurgeponn', Aliston Pereira &amp; Sanyo Afonso awarded merit certificates. Best Comedian - Female: Roslyn Fernandes 'Noxibacho Khell'.Best Stage Setting: Milagres Carneiro 'Bhurgeponn', Kamlakant Chari awarded merit certificate.Best Light Effects: Shrinivas Usgaonkar 'Bhurgeponn', Sushant Naik &amp; Zito Rego awarded merit certificatesBest Music Live Band: Luis Cota 'An'naddi', Nolvert Cota &amp; Vitorin awarded merit certificates.Best Background Music: Vikas Chopdekar 'Bhurgeponn'.Best Make Up: Fermino Goes 'Noxibacho Khell'.Best Costumes: Vera Pereira 'Noxibacho Khell', Eliza D'Souza &amp; Sr. Jean Fernandes awarded merit certificates.Best Male Singer: Cameron Fernandes 'Dudvani Viktem Mevonam', Hashvaine Fernandes 'Tacho Patlaudar', Velbert Rodrigues awarded merit certificateBest Female Singer: Shayna Britto 'Amchem Ghor', Lynne Fernandes 'An'naddi', Jylnna, Steffi Pereira &amp; Dannera D'Souza awarded merit certificates.Best Duet: Marcia &amp; Joseph 'Tacho Patlaudar', Sanyo &amp; Mica, Derwin &amp; Merryl awarded merit certificates.Best Duo: Derwin &amp; Wesley 'Vegllochar Kiteak', Valentine &amp; Violet, Simran &amp; Cameron awarded merit certificates.Best Trio: Raisa, Nevill &amp; Wesley 'Vegllochar Kiteak', merit certificates awarded for Trio's from the tiatr's 'Fuddar Bhurgeancho' &amp; 'Bhurgeponn'. Best Quartet: Shayna, Emmanuel, Sweezel &amp; Shane 'Amchem Ghor', merit certificates awarded for quartet's from the tiatr's 'Bhurgeponn &amp; Vegllochar Kiteak'.Best Choral Song: Filster, Meuril, Adreal &amp; Myfanwy 'Fuddar Bhurgeancho'.Andrea, Raima, Gretal, Liza &amp; Abeera, Blossom awarded merit certificates. Best Lyrics: Francisco Dias 'Dudvani Viktem Mevona', Agusto Pereira &amp; Pedro Vaz awarded merit certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17699817", "title": "Coast Guard Ship C-401 commissioned at Porbandar", "text": "RAJKOT: The Indian Coast Guard Ship C-401 was commissioned at Porbandar on Thursday. The 30 metre-long interceptor boat with 90 tonne displacement can achieve a maximum speed of 45 knots. The vessel is fitted with state-of-the-art navigation and communication equipment and medium range armament. It is designed for high speed interception, close coast patrol, low-intensity maritime operations, search and rescue and maritime surveillance and is the first of the series of 36 interceptor boats designed and built by M/s Larsen and Toubro, Surat.It was commissioned by Air Marshal AK Gogoi, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, South Western Air Command.Deputy Inspector General BS Yadav, Commander, Coast Guard Region (North West), was among those present.The force level of Indian Coast Guard has now gone up to 77 ships and boats. This would be double by 2018, an official release said, adding that the interceptor boat C-401 with 12 crew members will be based at Mundra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700886", "title": "Delhi gang rape culprits should be sentenced to death: PCMC corporators", "text": "PUNE: Cutting across party lines, PCMC corporators on Thursday severely condemned the Delhi gang rape and demanded that the culprits be given death sentence.Speaking at the general body meeting, ruling party leader, Mangala Kadam, tabled a proposal condemning the incident and demanded that women police officers be deployed at every police station.Congress corporator Bhausaheb Bhoir said that the mayor should send letters to all schools and colleges asking them to list out names of persons who harass girl students. Such lists should then be handed over to the police commissioner, he said.Former mayor, Yogesh Behl, said parents should be vigilant about their children. He demanded that a special cell be formed under the additional commissioner of police in cities to take action against crime on women.Shiv Sena corporator, Sulabha Ubale, said that the accused in the rape and murder of a four-year-old girl from Kasarwadi has still not been arrested. The deputy commissioner of police (DCP) should transfer all the rape and domestic violence cases to a fast track court, she said. While, another Sena corporator Seema Savale demanded that fast track courts be set up in the city and the district for speedy justice in such cases. The police should expedite lodging of rape cases instead of getting into a dispute over the jurisdiction of the police station in which the crime occurred, she added.Meanwhile, Republican Party of India (RPI) (Athavale group) corporator Chandrakanta Sonkamble blamed films as one of the reasons for the increase in crimes against women and demanded strict action by the censor board.The meeting was presided over by mayor Mohini Lande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17701127", "title": "Retired IPS officer gets a promotion", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) has directed the state to promote retired police officer K Gopalakrishnan as an inspector-general of police. The promotion, however, will be a notional one, as he retired more than four years ago.Gopalakrishnan joined the police as deputy superintendent of police in 1982. In May 2008, he was considered, along with seven others, for promotion as inspector general. He retired on June 30, 2008, but the screening committee took up the list for promotion only in September that year.Promoting the seven other officers, the committee said Gopalakrishnan's name was not being considered as he had already retired from service. The officer moved the CAT, saying that retirement could not be a bar to promote him as IG, as it would have made a significant difference to his pension benefits. The Madras bench of the CAT said denial of promotion to an eligible and qualified senior employee was a legitimate grievance and authorities must redress such grievances.Abolition and filling up of posts are within the executive wisdom of the authorities, the bench said that as per the government of India's guidelines on meetings of the screening committee, the latter should have met on May 1 or June 1 of the year concerned.In view of the deviation from the guidelines, for which there was no explanation from the authorities, the officer is now eligible for notional promotion, the bench said. It said the officer would not be eligible for back wages but the authorities must rework his pension and pay the amount due to him within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700264", "title": "Main accused in Delhi gang rape case was on reality show", "text": "NEW DELHI: For Ram Singh, the 33-year-old main accused in Sunday's gang rape, this is not the first brush with the law. Involved in an accident in 2009, Singh had appeared in former cop Kiran Bedi's reality show \"Aap Ki Kachehri\". He had claimed compensation from his employer for suffering injuries on his arms when a bus he was driving had veered out of control. Singh had asked for Rs 12 lakh and had reportedly even filed a complaint in the labour court, said sources.The accident had taken place at Lado Sarai, when Ram Singh was going from Chirag Dilli to Khanpur. In the show, he claimed, \"I was taking a left turn near Lado Sarai around 5am on April 5, 2009, when a rickshaw that was also taking a left turn suddenly swerved to the right. In order to avoid a collision, I swerved to the right too and rammed into a divider.\" Following the accident, he was taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre and also underwent a surgery on his arm where an iron rod was placed.Delhi Police sources confirmed that he was the same man. When TOI contacted Kiran Bedi , who had judged whether he should get compensation or not, she recalled the case. \"He had come to my show and had alleged that his employer had not financially assisted him with hospital bills following the accident. But the employer refused to pay any compensation as he alleged that Singh had a history of irresponsible behaviour. Singh did not get any compensation at the end of the show,\" said Bedi.Singh had reportedly lodged a complaint at the labour court demanding a compensation of Rs 12 lakh from his employer. \"At that time, a lot of media persons came to his home and took his picture,\" recalled a neighbour of Singh.In the show, Singh's employer had claimed that Singh had taken the vehicle out despite being told that the bus had been withdrawn from service. \"My manager had brought it to Singh's notice that our buses had been removed from service and won't run from April 4, 2009. Yet, he took the vehicle out on April 5 and was drunk at the time of incident. What's more, he allowed the helper to drive as well. He is a habitual offender and a rash driver and the accident was purely his negligence,\" he had said in the show.Surprisingly, despite his involvement in a serious accident and serious disability in both arms, he was driving a school bus. \"His driver's licence should have been cancelled. This also indicates that his later employer didn't bother to check his antecedents before allowing him to drive,\" said a shocked Bedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17703843", "title": "Dirty secrets of picture-perfect celebs revealed", "text": "Ever wondered how your favourite celebrities get it right while posing for photoshoots? This secret is most likely to leave you cringing than inspired.Victoria's Secret beauty Candice Swanepoel was seen having her sandy bum rinsed off by a helpful aide during a photoshoot in St Bart's on Monday, the Sun reported.While models and celebrities are discretely handed a glass full of ice when the shoot requires nipples to stand to attention for photoshoots and videos, superstar Jennifer Lopez is far too famous to see to her own tweaking as she hires a stylist to do it for her.Since Kim Kardashian dabbles in drugs, she just needs a burly chap to push her up ladders, which seems to involve putting hands on the most famous posterior on the planet and giving her a shove.Gisele Bundchen doesn't just use the car to get from A to B - it also doubles as a changing room.Rihanna covered her naked body in metallic paint for her 'Umbrella', for which she was coated from head to toe.Shakira loves to get down and dirty in her videos, so the male models must be queuing round the block for the position of co-star.The lucky applicant for the 'Don't Bother' promo had to pretend to be asleep while the 'She Wold' star writhed around on the bed and climbed on top of him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704230", "title": "Sex addiction may be a mental health condition", "text": "Experts have come out with a set of criteria to define hypersexual disorder.Sex addiction will no longer be a loosely used term. A team of experts from the University of California, Los Angeles ( UCLA ), have now tested a proposed set of criteria to define hypersexual disorder \u00e2\u20ac\u201d more popularly known as sex addiction \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as a new mental health condition.Senior sex therapist and counsellor Dr (Prof.) Rajan Bhonsle defines addiction as a compulsive 'preoccupation' with any activity. \"When any obsession starts affecting major aspects of a person's life and relationships, it is classified as an addiction. Sexual addiction, therefore, implies an inability to control one's sexual behaviour despite its negative consequences. It leaves a person dysfunctional in all other areas of life such as study, work, relationships, social obligations, family life and personal health and hygiene. Some people have a higher libido. As long as it doesn't make them dysfunctional in any aspect of their life, it is not an addiction. But if they have conflicts over it, or worse, are doing things on the sly, then it is a case of sex addiction,\" says Dr Bhonsle.Adds clinical psychologist Seema Hingorrany, \"Sex addiction is when a person has a markedly increased amount of sex to feel sexually fulfilled. He/she also shows a persistent desire to spend abnormal amounts of time fulfilling sexual cravings. This obsession, or intense desire for sex, increases each day and a person struggles to cut down or control his behaviour in spite of the damage it causes .\"Diagnosis Diagnosis is made by a trained and experienced therapist, purely on the basis of a patient's detailed case history, which is compiled after talking to the person and/or his close relatives and friends. \"There are no tests to diagnose sex addiction. It is as prevalent in India as it is in the West or any other part of the world,\" says Dr Bhonsle.Treatment Counselling and psychotherapy (multimodal approach) should be done by a trained therapist. \"The multimodal approach, which includes the Robert Carkhuff model of counselling, a combination of Cognitive Behaviour Therapy (CBT) and Rational Emotive Behaviour Therapy (REBT), has been found effective. Pharmacotherapy is advised for primary or secondary emotional problems while family therapy studies and manages the stress factors at home. It also involves close family members in the therapy,\"says Dr Bhonsle.\"For successful treatment, it is important that the therapist is fully trained. Eye movement desensitisation and reprocessing (EMDR) therapy can help those who have been sexually abused and have developed the disorder because of that trauma,\" explains Hingorrany.Being supportive Family support is an important part of the treatment plan. \"A psychologist explains to the patient's spouse how sex addiction is a treatable disorder of the mind. Patience and support from the spouse really helps,\" says Hingorrany.Symptoms - Compulsive masturbation (self-stimulation) - Excessive thoughts about sex - Multiple affairs (extra-marital affairs) - Multiple or anonymous sexual partners and/or one-night stands - Persistent use of pornography - Unsafe sex - Phone or computer sex (cyber sex) - Indulging in prostitution or visiting prostitutes - Obsessive dating through personal ads - Voyeurism and/or stalking - Sexual harassment, molestation and rape (in extreme cases)Will this study give sexual offenders an excuse to get away with milder punishment? \"Punishment may get milder, but rehabilitation, treatment &amp; follow-up can be made stricter and legally mandatory,\" says Dr Bhonsle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701818", "title": "Drug peddler took joy rides in cop\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s car", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The drug peddler Gagandeep, who has earlier been a notorious gambler, is a known face among youths who frequent late night discos. Gagandeep used to roam the city roads in a car of one the policemen nicknamed 'Pandit'. Gagandeep, along with his brother-in-law Saurabh, was arrested in connection with the death of college student Radhika on December 18.The intensive questioning of five common friends of Gagandeep and Shayana, aka Sweeti Sharma, who introduced Radhika to Gagandeep, revealed that, \"Gagandeep took joy rides in a cop's car, which was driven by a person named Amritsaria. Gagandeep was in the same car the day when Radhika reportedly snuffed to death after taking heroin.\"In a related development, missing cell phone of Radhika was also recovered from Sector 23 and scrutiny of her call details revealed she was contacted by Sweeti around 6.45pm from a light point in Sector 22 on December 17.Accused Gagandeep also had a good rapport with the manager of a hotel situated in Sector 22. A room always remained booked in his name in the hotel. The manager, Krishan Kumar, was also arrested . Police sources said that Kumar provided beer to Radhika and Gangandeep.DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said footage of CCTV cameras, installed inside the hotel, established that Radhika entered there along with Gagandeep, Saurabh and Sweeti. He said the role of hotel manager is also being probed in this regard.Meanwhile, police have also found out the criminal background of Gagandeep who was also involved in running a gambling racket. The cops have decided to make a special dossier after collecting all the criminal records of Gagandeep from the police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17701531", "title": "Authorities clueless on roads to connect Kannur airport", "text": "KANNUR: Though the authorities keep on promising that the proposed airport in Mattannur will become a reality before 2016, they still have no idea regarding the roads that need to be developed to connect to the airport. The officials are still in dark as to which would be the main road to the airport from Kannur town -- the existing road from Chovva or the proposed Greenfield Road.\"Since there are differences of opinion among the people about the Greenfield Road, the government has decided to do a satellite survey of the existing road as well as the proposed road to take a decision,\" said district collector Rathan Kelkar. \"The survey is yet to start and this underscores the uncertainty over the issue.\"But those who oppose the Greenfield Road say there is no question of uncertainty, and the proposal for the Greenfield Road was the cause of all confusion.\"Environmental clearance from the ministry of environment and forests for the airport is expected soon, which would speed up the work. Authorities should give importance to develop existing roads to the airport, instead of sticking to their stand on constructing the Greenfield Road from Kannur to Mattannur,\" said Muhammed Ali , chairman of the action committee formed to protest against the Greenfield Road.Protesters allege that the Greenfield Road had been proposed to help some corporate players and real estate mafia.\"Though the Greenfield Road project has not reached anywhere, the government is going to develop the existing road between Chovva and Mattannur under a state-wide project to develop major roads, though it has no direct connection with the airport project,\" said Umesh Babu K C, assistant executive engineer, PWD roads division, Kannur. \"Work on the road would begin this financial year itself.\"But the sad part is that authorities are ignoring the other road development projects, which are part of the airport project.\"The airport is not meant for people from Kannur town alone. There has to be connection roads from other places too. But authorities have no idea about the roads that need to be developed to connect the airport,\" said a source.\"They need not wait for the Greenfield Road issue to be solved for developing other roads, including the Thalassery-Mattannur Road and the Mele Chovva-Anjarakkanday Road, so that the roads would be ready by the time the airport is ready. Otherwise, it would be difficult to handle the traffic bottlenecks,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701272", "title": "Minister eyes 'Incredible India' ad to showcase Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Despite rising concern among environmentalists, state tourism minister Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury is resolute to start chopper services to Sunderbans in his multi-pronged bid to woo foreign tourists to the state.Chowdhury on Thursday met transport minister Madan Mitra to apprise him of his plans to introduce helicopter services also in Darjeeling and Sagar Island. He said it was for the transport department to decide if they can ply choppers with the help of private parties.The minister said that he also wants to include Bengal in the Centre's advertisement campaign of 'Incredible India'. Besides, he will be writing to the railways minister to showcase the tourist spots of Bengal in the advertisements displayed on the trains.He feels tourists should be provided with better facilities in terms of transport and rest houses and therefore met PWD secretary Ajit Ranjan Bardhan to discuss the matter. Apart from plans to set up new bungalows in Dooars and Terai, Chowdhury wants to introduce cruise rides along Sagar Island and speed boats to ferry tourists from Babughat to the island during Sagar mela.The plans might seem whimsical, but the minister knows how to go about executing it. He wants to redesign the tourism department's website in such a manner that it will leave tourists awestruck. Chowdhury has also ordered his officials to distribute brochures at all the airports in the country, while kiosks may be set up at all major airports to hard sell Bengal.Pictures of different tourist spots in the state will be put on display at certain vantage points, including all the rooms in the secretariat. A tourism helpline is also on the agenda list.This apart, Chowdhury wants to raise awareness among the masses and sought for installation of TV screens in long-distance buses. Videos showcasing various tourist spots will be continuously played to draw tourists.\"Next week we are going to introduce paragliding in Digha. Once the plan is a success, we will introduce it Kolkata so that tourists can get a view of the city from top,\" the minister said, adding that training centres for tourist guides will come up in Kolkata, Malda and Siliguri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699174", "title": "No permission needed to try ministers, says CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saying that both Dharmana Prasada Rao and Mopidevi Venkata Ramana Rao were shown as accused in the Vanpic case in their capacity as ministers for revenue and investments &amp; infrastructure portfolios respectively in the previous government (2004- 2009), the CBI said on Thursday that there was no need for prior permission from the authorities now to prosecute them as that regime is no more. Admitting the memo, the CBI court issued notices to the two politicians.After the state government refused to give permission to the investigative agency to prosecute roads and buildings minister Dharmana under section 19 of the Prevention of Corruption Act, the CBI on Thursday filed a memo in the trial court stating that there was no need of securing permission from the authorities to prosecute these two ministers in the Vanpic case.The CBI cited two judgments of the Supreme Court, Abhay Singh Chautala versus CBI and Ajay Singh versus CBI, to support its claims in this regard. The apex court in the relevant judgments made it clear that the CBI need not wait for the approval of the authorities in cases where the accused perpetrated the offence in one capacity and is continuing in a different capacity now.The CBI in the current petition held that the status of public servant for the two ministers expired with the dissolution of the assembly (2004-2009). They may be holding different posts now in the new assembly, but we are seeking to prosecute them in their previous capacities and hence we need no permission now, the CBI officials said in their petition and urged the court to take cognizance of the roles of the ministers without looking at their status as public servants as they ceased to be public servants as far as the 2004- 2009 regime was concerned.The CBI had arrested Mopidevi on May 24 this year. Though he was holding the portfolio of excise minister in the current regime (2009- 2014), it could arrest him because he had resigned from the cabinet just prior to his arrest. In Dharmana's case, it did not move forward because he did not resign from his current post,Principal special judge U Durga Prasada Rao of the CBI court on Thursday took notice of the CBI petition and issued notices to both Dharmana and Mopidevi to put forward their version on the CBI petition and posted the case to December 31 for further hearing. The CBI is also waiting for the sanction order under the Prevention of Corruption Act in respect of IAS officials Manmohan Singh , M Samuel, railway officer K V Brahmananda Reddy in the Vanpic case. It, however, did not say anything in respect of IAS officials except saying that it was still waiting for the sanction from the relevant authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "17701181", "title": "Mamata to meet Burdwan TMC leaders on December 22", "text": "BURDWAN: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday kicked off her party campaign for the forthcoming panchayat election from a public meeting in Tehatta. And on Saturday, she will meet top-rung leaders from Burdwan at her Kalighat residence to discuss issues and challenges of the rural polls.Agricultural minister Moloy Ghatak, science and technology minister Rabi Ranjan Chattopadhyay, minister of state for land, small-scale cottage and textile Swapan Debnath, all sitting MLAs, block-level and students union leaders from the district are expected to attend the meeting where the CM will discuss the issue of factional feud.According to sources, the Trinamool supremo is expected to address the issue of factional feud, which has split the party into various groups, over the last few months, in December 22 meeting.Be it in Pandaveswar, Katwa, Kalna and Kanksa or Durgapur, Jamuria, Raina, Galsi, Ausgram or Mongolote, Trinamool leaders have reportedly failed to rein in the wave of dissidence that has swept across the district.In Katwa, for example, Trinamool failed to file nominations in five school committee election. Again, in Raina, Pandaveswar and Mongolkote, Trinamool leaders have lodged FIRs against each other. Fighting over control of unions in big PSUs like Durgapur Steel Plant has also become quite frequent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17701854", "title": "First among equals: VIP districts get more PCR vans for patrol duty", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police might be betting big on PCR vans that are the most visible part of its 83,762-strong force, but its visibility remains restricted. Sources say, even though the Union home ministry has agreed to add 370 PCR vans to its present fleet of 635, the perception of an 'invisible' police will continue until the common man is included in the concept of security.\"The uneven distribution of police resources in the 11 districts is not restricted to the number of men on the ground. Even PCR vans, which the police claim now respond to a call in 3-10 minutes, are not visible in some of Delhi's most populated areas like trans-Yamuna and outer Delhi. While New Delhi has over 88 PCR vehicles, the entire outer district has 55 even though a surge in crime has been witnessed in this area. The message to the masses, thus, does not reflect our actual plans on the ground,'' said a senior officer.PCR officers, though, contend that it is wrong to presume a bias towards VIP areas. \"We are often criticized for keeping too many vehicles in New Delhi district, where most VIPs stay. But there are a number of parameters that decide PCR positions. Thus, mere population or the number of PCR calls generated from an area is not enough to ascertain if the PCR will be stationed there. We also see the number of vital installations in that place, the propensity to crime in that area and whether it is the business or commercial hub of the area. These reasons make Lutyens' Delhi an important destination,'' said a senior officer.The problem is not just one of numbers . The fittest men and vehicles are placed in areas where VIPs and dignitaries can carry a \"good picture'' of police home. The \"less important\" areas get the less impressive staff and inferior vehicles. \"Delhi Police has 635 PCR vehicles to attend to around 6,000 complaints received every day. One third of the 650 vans are either condemned (discarded) or on the verge of condemnation (declared unfit for road),\" said an officer.Special commissioner of police, law and order, Dharmendra Kumar, said Delhi Police needs around 1,500 PCR vans to deal with the increasing number of complaints and cover all areas equally. \"The number distress calls has gone up. If we have sufficient vehicles, we will be able to keep up with the response time,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699588", "title": "'Temperatures in the region to fall further'", "text": "NAGPUR: The rolled-in woolies have come out of the closets to be finally used this winter. Even as the political heat is set to cool off from the city and region, the mercury too is falling with the minimum temperature for Wednesday as well as Thursday falling to 11.1 degrees and 11.7 degrees on the Celsius scale respectively.The regional met department officials say that the temperatures may drop a couple of degrees more in the next week. This means that there is little prospect of a warm Christmas that was being expected until ten days back and the festival could be as white as it has been for the past few years.\"A cold wave condition is being experienced at some places in Madhya Pradesh as the North easterly winds have started blowing towards the state. With the moisture content being high in the area these days, the temperature is all set to drop further. Some cities in MP are having have minimum temperatures four degrees lower than normal. By next week, Vidarbha may experience a fall of couple of degrees, too,\" said the official of the regional met department.Thursday's minimum temperature was a degree below normal. This was a complete turnaround in only a week as last Friday the minimum temperature for the day was six degrees above normal at 17.7 degrees Celsius. Through the following days, there has been a gradual fall in the temperatures in the city as well as the region. While the minimum temperatures fell by six degrees over the last week, the maximum temperatures fell by three degrees in the city.Most of the places in the region had a temperature that was below normal on Thursday. Yavatmal being the coldest, with minimum temperature for the day being 10.4 degrees that was almost 5 degrees below normal.Brahmapuri and Chandrapur were among the only places with their minimum temperatures being above normal. These were also the places with the maximum temperatures for the day being the highest at 31.1 and 31.2 degree Celsius respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17701951", "title": "Sharp rise in property sale-related general power of atttorney registrations", "text": "JALANDHAR: A spurt is being witnessed in the registration of sale deeds in Jalandhar by using general power of attorney (GPA), following apprehension among people, especially realtors, that after December 31, stringent conditions for registration would come into effect.The conditions stipulate that money transaction to the original owner should be reflected in papers while registering the sale deed of the property.Jalandhar DC Priyank Bharti had issued orders in August that GPA holders would have to provide details of bank account of the original owner of the land and copy of his PAN card for executing the sale deed. Otherwise, the sale deed would not be registered through GPA. These details were to be forwarded to the income tax department.Enquiries with revenue department officials revealed that almost half the sale deeds being registered were being executed through GPAs. Most of these were old GPAs and properties have already been sold, without reflecting any money transaction on papers.The order pertaining to stringent conditions about using GPA was opposed strongly by ruling party MLAs and realtors. The MLAs had held that the order could not be passed in Jalandhar in isolation and there should be a uniform policy for the entire state.Following this opposition, an embargo of two months was put on the order by DC, after receiving directions from the state government. The embargo was further extended by two months and if it is not extended further, it would come to force from January 1.Revenue officials have been arguing that the order would help plug evasion of stamp duty as, in several cases, land is sold on the basis of GPA. \"This would also help reduce influx of black money and subsequent rise in land price in land deals,\" said a revenue official. \"Registration of sale deed through GPA was also resulting in lot of litigation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17699762", "title": "Terrors of the dark night", "text": "BANGALORE: It's around 10pm, you've just got off the BMTC bus at a deserted spot. It's the last stop, and home is still far away. Standing alone, left to the mercy of private vehicles for the final run, you spot a group of unruly men walking towards you. Jittery? For Proma Datta, 27, a banker who lives in Kadugodi, Whitefield, this is a daily nightmare.Proma's worst fears begin after she disembarks from the bus at ITPL, when the clock reads anywhere beyond 9.45 pm. Proma has to complete the last-mile connectivity to her home in a private vehicle. Stranded, she waits for a cab, or pays autodrivers whatever they demand. \"Private vehicles also charge us but the amount is meagre. On days you forget to carry cash, it's impossible to reach home,\" says Proma.By night, IT City holds much terror for women like Proma. They say commuting after 8pm fills them with fear.\"I shudder even at the thought of going through the same every day, but I have no choice. The Delhi incident has scared me. The BMTC bus which should drop me in Kadugodi, drops the last passengers anywhere between ITPL and Kadugodi. They refuse to go beyond a point as they don't get many passengers on the way back,\" says Proma.TEASED AND STALKEDNeither do women who drive home feel safe. Girls being touched and spanked while riding and women changing routes to throw off car stalkers is common in Bangalore. \"I use a four-wheeler but prefer not to drive alone after 10pm. I was followed by a biker while driving with four friends inside the car, all girls. We had to turn into an unknown lane and stop our car in front of an unknown house to pretend we'd reached home. It was only then that the biker left us,\" says Nain Nanda, a professional.When women commuting in cars, on bikes and BMTC buses undergo such horrific experiences, the plight of those who walk home is much worse, as expected. \"I walk back because I live close to my workplace. Although I never felt safe walking at night, I continued doing so until the day a group of guys started following me, passing lewd comments. There is no bus connectivity from my office and auto drivers mostly refuse to run the short distance. I had to ask a friend to drop me home every day,\" says Kamelia Dutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701386", "title": "35 BPEd students not given hall tickets, miss exams", "text": "AURANGABAD: Thirty five first-year students of the bachelor's in physical education (BP.Ed ) department of Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University ( BAMU) were not issued hall tickets for their examination that began on December 19.Students said that they were not issued the document due to poor attendance. But no prior notice had been issued by the department nor was a defaulters' list put up before they filled up the examination forms, they added. There are 48 students in the first year, of whom only 13 have been allowed to appear for the examination.Kamal Jadhav, the head of the department said, \"The university has rules that require 75% attendance for each student in a semester. Students who have not completed the criteria have been prevented from appearing for the examination.\"\"The college professors should have informed us before submitting the examination forms about poor attendance, but the students have been regular in attending lectures. On many occasions the professors were absent even if the students were present,\" said another student.\"They should not have allowed us to fill the examination forms or at least informed us beforehand. We were told about being in defaulters list on December 18 when we went to collect the hall ticket, the examination started on December 19,\" he said.Only one lecture has been conducted by the HOD till date, said another student. \"We have no clue how the attendance has been marked,\" he said.Tired of non-cooperation from the university administration, the students have now decided to withdraw their admissions from the colleges.\"The students have sought their documents to withdraw admissions. Officials are making them rush from one place to another,\" said Sachin Nikam, Republican Vidyarthi Sena (RVS).A student said, \"Many have been regular for the lectures, but have been marked with disproportionate attendance. Only 10 lectures have been conducted during the past two months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "17702046", "title": "IQ score not right intelligence indicator", "text": "TORONTO: Measuring a person's intelligence quotient or IQ by a singular, standardized test is \"highly misleading\", scientists have said after conducting the largest online intelligence study on record.The landmark study which included more than 100,000 participants asked respondents to complete 12 cognitive tests tapping memory, reasoning, attention and planning abilities, as well as a survey about their background and lifestyle habits.The study by researchers from Western University in Canada showed observed variations in performance can only be explained with at least three distinct components : short-term memory, reasoning and a verbal component.No one component, or IQ, explained everything. The results also provided a wealth of new information about how factors such as age, gender and the tendency to play computer games influence our brain function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17699973", "title": "Three ministers favour liquor ban in Chanda", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Decision on prohibition on liquor in Chandrapur is in offing. State excise minister Ganesh Naik along with minister for social welfare and de-addiction Shivajirao Moghe and home minister RR Patil on Thursday unanimously agreed to the demand in the meeting summoned by speaker of legislative assembly Dilip Walse-Patil in his chamber during state assembly at Nagpur.\"Minister trio Ganesh Naik, RR Patil and Shivajirao Moghe favoured the demand of liquor ban in Chandrapur. Speaker Walse-Patil has directed the ministers to take up the issue in cabinet meeting for final decision,\" said president of Shramik Elgar Paromita Goswami, who was present in the meeting.A seven-member panel on liquor ban headed by district guardian minister Sanjay Deotale has already submitted a report to the state government earlier in February this year. The study panel has recommended liquor ban in Chandrapur in three stages. The report is likely to be taken up in cabinet meeting for final decision in first week of the January 2013.Hundreds of tribal women from Chandrapur led by Goswami had staged a protest march in Nagpur on December 18 and had met speaker Walse-Patil to impose the ban. Walse-Patil on Thursday held a meeting with Ganesh Naik, Shivajirao Moghe and RR Patil. Additional home secretary Abhitab Rajan, Chandrapur SP Rajiv Jain, excise SP Wagh and Goswami also attended the meeting.\"Everybody thought that the excise department is against the ban. But excise minister Ganesh Naik readily agreed for the ban. He claimed that he had already forwarded a note to the cabinet to discuss the demand. Cabinet would however take a final decision after looking at Deotale panel's report \" Goswami said.She informed that Patil and Moghe too gave their consent to the demand. \"Technicalities of implementation was discussed in the meeting. Patil stressed on the need of efficient policing and offered to send additional officers on deputation to Chandrapur for stricter implementation of liquor ban\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17702215", "title": "Quick LPG delivery raises eyebrows", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Domestic cooking gas cylinders beyond the subsidized quota of six are reaching city homes quicker, raising suspicion that oil companies here are pushing more for non-subsidized cylinders.A customer generally has to wait for more than a month for a subsidized gas cylinder in the city. However, those who have already used the subsidized ones, now have a shorter waiting period. \"I was surprised to see that a cylinder was delivered to me in around two weeks, for the first time in my life. It has never been before a month of booking earlier,\" said Jagdish Barik, a resident of Patia in city.After Union petroleum minister M Veerappa Moily announced an increase in the number of subsidized cylinders from six to nine per family, the Election Commission of India on December 11 stalled the move in view of elections in Gujarat, considering it a violation of poll code. With polls over now, the government may increase the cap to nine again. \"In the interim period, the companies may be trying to sell more non-subsidized cylinders,\" said an official.Distributors, however, justified the quicker delivery otherwise. \"The overall supply situation has improved and waiting period has become less for everybody. After exhausting the subsidy quota, many consumers are refraining from taking cylinders at higher price. This has also reduced the overall waiting period,\" said S B Mohapatra, president of All Odisha LPG Distributors' Association.Mohapatra said since there was no booking lists for subsidized and non-subsidized domestic supply of cooking, there can't be separate waiting periods for the two categories. While a subsidized 14.2-kg cylinder costs around Rs 420, the non-subsidized ones cost around Rs 950 at present. Odisha has around 20 lakh LPG connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699150", "title": "Senior civil judge dismissed", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Thursday dismissed senior civil judge K Basava Raju from service after an inquiry found the sexual harassment allegations made against him by a stenographer to be true.The disciplinary proceedings were launched against him during his tenure as senior civil judge in Visakhapatnam in 1994 and upon finding prima facie evidence, the HC had earlier suspended him. As the inquiry found conclusive evidence against him, the HC recommended his dismissal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17702354", "title": "Sambalpur denizens protest mass transfer of doctors", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Expressing concern over mass transfer of doctors from the short-staffed district headquarters hospital here, citizens of the town recently met RDC (northern division) and collector requesting them to ensure that the doctors are not relieved till their replacements are posted. They apprehended disruption in health services once the doctors are relieved.They also convened a meeting to protest the mass transfer of doctors. Hundreds of patients from Sonepur, Kuchinda and Redhakhol besides those from the town come to the hospital everyday. \"We have requested the RDC and collector not to relieve the doctors. They should be kept till their relievers join duty,\" eminent citizen Bhagawat Nanda said.The health department transferred 16 doctors from the headquarters hospital couple of days back and asked them to join at their new places of posting with immediate effect. Out of the 16, two have been promoted to fill up the existing vacancies in the hospital, five have been transferred to Deogarh hospital, one to Govindpur CHC, three to Rairakhol sub-divisional hospital, two to Kuchinda sub-divisional hospital and one doctor each has been posted at Fasimal CHC, Debeipali CHC and Jujomora CHC.When contacted, CDMO (Sambalpur) Panchanan Patel expressed his helplessness. \"I have no option than to implement the government order. However, doctors have not been posted against the 14 transferred doctors,\" Patel said.There are 34 doctor post in the hospital, out of which seven are lying vacant. One post each in anaesthesia, paediatric, gynaecology and orthopaedic departments and three senior medical officer, including one ADMO, posts are vacant. \"So one can imagine the condition of health services once the 16 doctors are relieved. We are not against the transfer, but we object because no one has been posted to replace these doctors,\" social activist Sudhir Pujari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700066", "title": "Mumbaikars hold public vigils to condemn Delhi horror; seek security for citizens, not VIPs", "text": "MUMBAI: Gruesome to the gut, Sunday's horrific rape of a medical student in New Delhi stirred Mumbaikars to action on Thursday. Both men and women joined the nationwide call for capital punishment for rapists and demanded police protection for the 'aam aadmi' rather than VIPs.Several public rallies were held, whose strength lay not in numbers but in the fact that every participant echoed the anger over such wanton violence. Followers of Sri Sri Ravi Shankar arrived to mobilise public opinion at Azad Maidan. Women office-goers, who had another arduous commute ahead of them and another likely brush with molesters, paused to light candles in support. Volunteer for a Better India (VFABI), an Art of Living affiliate, organised the vigil urging citizens not to remain silent spectators.The assault has revived demands to deploy police personnel for public security rather than VIP service. The issue was last raised after the 26/11 attack when 10 Pakistanis on a dinghy managed to escape detection along the unguarded coastline.Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party cited this concern. \"We have barely one policeman for 533 citizens in Mumbai while no less than 11,000 personnel guard VIPs. This imbalance must be corrected,\" urged Mayank Gandhi of AAP, adding, \"More than 52% of Delhi's police attends to VIPs in the capital, it's around 28% in Mumbai.\" Gandhi plans to lead a protest to the Pali Hill residence of Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on Saturday evening, though the minister is not likely to be in.In Kharghar, around 50 AAP protesters were bundled into police vans and detained for two hours for not securing prior permission for the rally. Ravi Srivastav helmed this brigade. \"We explained this was a spontaneous reaction, there was no time for formality. Did thousands of protesters at India Gate in Delhi take permission? In fact we have alerted the police to similar protests over the next five days,\" he cautioned. Speaking on the usual comparison between Mumbai and New Delhi, he asked why any woman in any city of India should settle for a lesser degree of safety.At Juhu beach, people enjoying an evening at the seashore wondered if a family outing had become a privilege, no longer a fundamental right. They agreed with protesters of the Help Mumbai Foundation which was observing a silent vigil under the Shivaji statue. \"If not just women out alone, but families must look over their shoulders in their own city, then the nation has come to a sorry state,\" said Abhilash Jaiswal who was out with his wife and son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17698878", "title": "Women slam Thane top cop's 'chilli powder' advice", "text": "THANE: Girl students and working women bitterly criticized Thane police chief KP Raghuvanshi for \"shaking their confidence in the police force\" with his recent statement asking college girls to arm themselves with chilli powder to counter would-be molesters and rapists. \"It's the most uninspiring comment from a woman's point of view and a shameful admission by the police chief about his helplessness to control sexual harassment or other crimes against women. He wants us to take the law into our hands and retaliate with violence; we should arrange for own protection. So what do the police do then?\" asked Dombivli resident Deepa Mishra.Most women felt that if they take Raghuvanshi's advice, it would only put them in unsafe positions and leave them more vulnerable to physical attacks from sexual harassers. \"I would not hesitate to confront the man, but chilli powder is too much. Most of the times we are too stunned to react and virtually freeze out of fear as the brute is physically stronger and can get away with anything. Moreover, if there is more than one person involved, there is a fear that they may retaliate and harm me. It's a very silly idea to use chilli powder to tackle sexual harassment,\" said Vasant Vihar resident Noopur Modi.HR professional Mansi Bhosekar echoed the same sentiment and said the police chief was merely shirking away from his basic duties to ensure protection for women and weaker sections. \"Using a chilli powder packet during a crisis is easier said than done. The harassment is so brazen because the police presence is zero where it is required the most. Groups of boys keep ogling at women while idling away at cigarette shops or tea-stalls. They make lewd comments and size you up. Why can't the police deal with them then and there itself. It's not difficult to locate such spots and reprimand them,\" Thane resident Bhosekar said.Women said the police chief should initiate e-complaints to police stations. \"Just like the Western Railway has introduced a system through which complaints are made online, the Thane police commissioner should adopt the same policy. Women dread to go to the police to lodge a complaint, fearing more harassment. The commissioner should regularly follow up on the action taken on these online complaints. Then, not only will he get an accurate picture of what happens on the streets, but he will be able to do justice to us,\" a woman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17701106", "title": "Constitute special teams to ensure early arrest of rewarded criminals: Inspector general of police", "text": "VARANASI: The challenges being posed by the dreaded gangsters are not only giving sleepless night to the cops but also compelled the political parties to flex their muscles.When SSP, BD Paulson was busy highlighting the achievements of police after the arrest of a rewarded gangster, Abhishek Singh alias Honey, the shooters of another rewarded gangster, Manish Singh was spraying bullets on industrialist and trader, Hari Patel in Rohania area on Wednesday. Angered by this incident, hundreds of Bahujan Samaj Party activists staged a massive demonstration at Rohania police station on Thursday. Their stir ended after police assured that the killers would be nabbed in three days.On the other hand, a worried IG Zone, GL Meena summoned DIG Range, A Satish Ganesh, SSP, BD Paulson and SP City, SK Singh at his office and asked them to constitute special teams and assign them to ensure early arrest of rewarded criminals who are 28 in number only in Varanasi district. He asked them to contact Mumbai police for collecting the details of the crime committed by Manish Singh, on whom a cash reward of Rs 50,000 has already been announced by the state police. He was unhappy with the progress of the drive launched against the criminals being searched for their involvement in criminal cases. He was also dissatisfied with the pace of investigation continuing in pending cases including that of theft, loot, and vehicle lifting.The IG ordered for the suspension of station officer of Sarpataha police station in Jaunpur district for his dissatisfactory role in working out the astrologer murder case. The SO Karanda in Ghazipur district was also suspended due to laxity in initiating necessary action against the poachers who killed a boy while making bid to hunt Neelgai along the river Ganga. The IG asked his subordinates to start preparing a list of white collar persons and mafia elements active in grabbing contracts in government departments, mining, transport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17700259", "title": "Digital education is not Greek to govt school students", "text": "BHOPAL: Students of government schools in Madhya Pradesh are no stranger to digital education. Riding off mimicking lessons, students are enhancing their knowledge through various digital education tools including power-point presentations, audio-visual interactions and others under the 'Project Shiksha' run by Microsoft India in association with the state government. Director, Education Advocacy, Microsoft India, Lokesh Mehra during his a day visit to Bhopal on Thursday said the feedback on the project has been encouraging.The first phase of Microsoft's Partners in Learning was Project Shiksha in the country targeted towards the government school teachers. \"Launched in India in 2003, it was designed to deliver affordable software solutions, comprehensive training and curriculum leadership for students and teachers in government schools,\" Mehra said.\"It not only equips teachers with technology aspects, but also with the methodology aspects through customized curriculum for teachers,\" he added.During his visit, Mehra met with authorities of higher education department and others. \"It was good a interaction with them. I am told that the state government is serious on making digital education available to every block. This is quite encouraging,\" he said.Under the project, Microsoft India has partnered with 12 more state governments.In Madhya Prdaesh, the first phase of the project has so far trained more around 45,000 teachers so far. Besides, each Project Shiksha trained teacher, in turn, has impacted approximately 2,45,900 students across 4,918 Schools in MP so far, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17700512", "title": "3 suicides in Indore in 24 hours", "text": "INDORE: In three separate incidents in the city, three persons, including an old man, reportedly committed suicide by hanging themselves.In the first incident, a 65-year-old man who went to cast his vote in the mandi election, reportedly committed suicide by hanging himself in Bhanwarkua area here on Thursday afternoon.The deceased was identified as Karim Patel, son of Salim Patel, resident of Naka Mundala. He reportedly committed suicide at around 1.30 at his residence.Police said Karim was quite normal in the morning. After casting his vote in the mandi election on Thursday, he returned to home and hanged himself in his room. Family members noticed him and rushed him to the MY Hospital where he was declared brought dead.The family members also informed police about the incident.In second incident, an 18-year-old boy reportedly hanged himself in Chandan Nagar area. He was disturbed as he was sick for long, said his grandfather.The deceased was identified as Kishan Bheel, son of Jagdish Bheel. He was the resident of Rajkumar Nagar.As per his grandfather Gyarasi Bheel, Kishan suffered from various ailments. Gyarasi heard a different sound and entered in the room of Kishan in the morning and found him hanging from the ceiling.In third incident, a 25-year-old woman reportedly hanged herself in her room in Sukhalia in the intervening night of Wednesday and Thursday.She was identified as Manjubai, wife of Vinod. In the morning, Vinod reached Aurbindo Hospital with Manjubai where doctors declared her brought dead.In all three cases, the police have sent the bodies to hospital for post-mortem and investigating the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "17701984", "title": "No Christmas for Dora as Italian marines celebrate", "text": "KOLLAM: Even as two families in Italy are likely to rejoice over the return of their dear ones after nine months, a family here will not celebrate Christmas.Dora Valentine, wife of Jalestine shot dead allegedly by the Italian marines on February 15, said she was saddened by the fact that the high court had allowed Latorre Massimillano and Salvatore Girone, to visit their homeland for Christmas.\"They are going home to celebrate Christmas with their families. Everyone forgets the fact we have lost our breadwinner. We don't have any festivities,'' she said on Thursday.Dora said the Italians might not return, as stipulated by the court. \"This (allowing them to go) will help them escape. My apprehension is that they won't come back. It is the responsibility of the government to bring them back if they fail to appear before the court again,\" she said.The Italian authorities had already settled out-of-court the issue with the family by paying a compensation of Rs 1 crore in April.Few months ago Dora was offered a government job in the department of fisheries and her elder son, Derrick, has enrolled for BTech at Bishop Jerome Engineering College. Her second son is a standard five student.Besides Jalestine, Tamil Nadu native Pinku was also killed when the marines, part of the security detail of Italian-flagged vessel Enrica Lexie opened fire at their fishing boat. The marines were arrested on February 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17701792", "title": "Now, Mohali girl molested, thrashed", "text": "MOHALI: Four youths thrashed a 23-year-old female employee with a private company along with her male friend, Ajay Kumar, at the light point between Phase-III and Phase-V on Wednesday night.Police have arrested two of the accused, including a bodybuilding trainer Farwan, and registered a case at Mattur police station. One of the co-accused, Kulwinder Singh, hails from Raipur Khurd village in Mohali. Two other accused are on the run. The girl, a resident of Sector 38 in Chandigarh, was also teased and molested, and threatened with dire consequences.Before thrashing the girl, miscreants had reportedly harassed the victim outside a Pizza shop in a market of Phase-V.In her statement to the police, the victim said, \"After being harassed, she had summoned her friend Ajay, who resides in a PG accommodation in Mohali, and he took her from the market on his motorcycle after entering into an argument with the accused.\"Station house master of Mattur police station, inspector Dharmpal, said medical examination of Farwan confirmed that he was drunk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17701527", "title": "2 held for assault on godman", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The city police on Thursday arrested two youths in a case related to an attack on 52-year-old Punnaiah Swamy of Jnananda Ashramam at Venkojipalem in the city.MVP Zone police arrested Padala Ramana and T Rajakumari of the same area on Thursday and booked them under Sections 323, 324, 506 and 509 of the CrPC.It may recalled that a group of activists and locals had thrashed Punnaiah Swamy following allegations of sexual molestation levelled against him by a 14-year-old female inmate of the ashram school on October 29 this year. He was handed over to the police and a complaint was lodged against him.Later, members of the Viswa Hindu Parishad and other organisations raised their voice in support of Punnaiah Swamy alleging that some realtors trying to grab the ashram land were behind the incident.The incident gained wide publicity after another seer, Paripoornanda Saraswathi of Kakinada, came to the rescue of Punnaiah Swamy, alleging that he was beaten by real estate goons. Sources said Punnaiah, who has been running Gnanananda Ashram, a home for the aged and poor children for the past few decades, was arrested under Section 376 of the CrPC 1976 and was released on bail recently. The police said they had registered a case against the activists who had attacked him and were also searching for others involved in the assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17699986", "title": "Not much has changed for Dalits", "text": "AJMER: While the nation is rocked by the Delhi gang rape, it is rather unfortunate that many victims all over the country do not get even half the response both from the social organizations and the media.Dalit rape victims in Ajmer district are waiting for justice in similar cases for the last seven years. There are 68 reported cases of rape in the district since 2006 but only one accused has been convicted in 2007. It is alleged that in many cases, the victims are coerced by police and members of upper communities to compromise with the situation and even parents compel daughters to step back on the charges.Presently, the rape case of a Dalit girl in Kishangarh by accused Sohanlal has hogged the limelight but people and relatives of the vicitm's community are threatening the family and have reportedly threatened the sister of the viictim with dire consequences.Dalit women are still destined to suffer the trauma of rape, even after implementing several legislations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17700843", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation will recover cost hike from housing scheme beneficiaries", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation has decided to recover 10 to 12% housing cost being constructed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), from the beneficiaries on Wednesday at the General Body Meeting (GBM).The Central government had given permission to NMC to build 11,200 houses under JNNURM. Accordingly, the NMC administration has started construction of around 8,000 houses which are under various phases of development at 11 locations within the NMC jurisdiction. The share of the beneficiaries living in slums is around Rs 20,000.The proposal to recover 10 to 12% share from the beneficiaries of the housing project was tabled at the GBM on Wednesday. City mayor Yatin Wagh, said, \"The proposal to recover share of beneficiaries of the housing project under the JNNURM is being approved, but the duration of recovering their contribution is being extended from seven years to eight.\"\"Earlier, the GBM had passed a resolution that the NMC would pay the amount and will give houses to the beneficiaries free of cost. After which NMC had sought the guidance of the state government that had instructed to recover the cost from the beneficiaries of the housing schemes. The beneficiaries will have to give the primary share of Rs. 3,000 for people from backward category and Rs. 4,000 for general category. A monthly installment of Rs. 140 to Rs. 160 per month will be recovered from them,\" said municipal commissioner, Sanjay Khandare,\"We have no objection to the contribution sought from the beneficiaries and we don't want houses free of cost. But, the beneficiaries are the people residing in slums and they don't have capacity to pay the amount. Hence, the duration of paying their contribution in installments should be extended from seven years to 15 years,\" said Prakash Londhe of RPI (A).Devyani Pharande of BJP said, \"This housing scheme is especially for the poor. We must ensure that loans are available to them at low interest rate from any bank by mortgaging their house.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17700896", "title": "Woman who claimed to be MLA\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s wife seeks protection", "text": "TRICHY: D P Rani, who claims to be the second wife of Trichy West MLA Paranjothi on Thursday, filed a fresh complaint at the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital (MGMGH) police station seeking police protection as she feared for her life. In her complaint, she claimed that an inspector of police, along with a beautician approached her on December 17 asking her to drop the complaint filed against the AIADMK MLA.According to Rani, the inspector Govindarajan was a close relative of Trichy MP P Kumar and his meeting with her was facilitated by one Annakamu, who runs a beauty parlour in Srinivasa Nagar where she resides. Since there were a couple of patients on the ground floor of her residence, Rani said she took Govindarajan, Annakamu, her brother Tamilarasu and her friend Tamil to the first floor for an interaction.Rani told TOI she entertained Govindarajan since he was a relative of the local MP, but she could not agree to his terms as he had admittedly come as an emissary of Paranjothi. Rani further said that she will not withdraw the case.The case against Paranjothi was first filed by Rani in the local police station. After the police dillydallying over the matter to file an FIR, she approached the Madurai bench of the Madras high court and later the Trichy judicial magistrate IV in November last year directed the police to register a case and file a report. The FIR was filed under Sections 323, 294B, 406, 420, 506 (Clause 2) and 493 (dealing with cohabitation caused by a man who deceitfully induces a belief of lawful marriage.) The charge-sheet is not yet filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701681", "title": "Tatkal scheme a boon for passengers in need", "text": "PATNA: With Railways unable to cope with the increasing demands for more berths or confirmed tickets in any class for New Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai and Pune-bound trains, 'tatkal' scheme has evoked an impressive response from passengers under Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR). The scheme has proved to be a boon for the passengers of five ECR divisions.The weekly Patna - Vasco de Gama Express, which has full occupancy, is more in demand for those Patnaites who want to celebrate the New Year in Goa. For such people, there is hardly any confirmed berth available in this train. As such, 'tatkal' scheme is the only ray of hope for them, said Anshu and Vikash, both students. A few newly married couples told TOI that they have planned their New Year celebration in Goa. However, much would depend on the availability of confirmed berths in this train under tatkal scheme, they said.According to an ECR official, railways has earmarked about 30 per cent berths in any superfast train under tatkal scheme. Several roadside quota has also been brought under tatkal scheme to facilitate genuine people to procure confirmed tickets, he said, adding about 89 berths in AC2 and 143 in AC3 in the Patna-New Delhi Rajdhani Express (12309) have been allotted under 'tatkal' scheme to cater to the passengers' needs.To maintain full transparency, railways has put a check on each reservation clerk assigned to book 'tatkal' tickets. Earlier, each reservation clerk was allowed to issue as many tickets under tatkal scheme as he could. But, now, there is check on him so that he could not misuse 'tatkal' ticket booking scheme, an ECR official said.According to sources, while 10 berths in AC2, 48 in AC3 and 210 in sleeper class have been earmarked under the 'tatkal' quota in Patna - New Delhi Sampoorna Kranti Express (12393), four in AC2, 12 in AC3 and 114 in sleeper class are kept under the scheme for Patna - Pune Express (12150). Similarly, the number of berths available under 'tatkal' scheme in Patna - Mumbai Superfast Express (12142) is 12 in AC2, 32 in AC3 and 210 in sleeper class. In Patna - Secunderabad Express (12792), the number of berths kept reserved under 'tatkal' scheme is 16 in AC2, 36 in AC3 and 184 in sleeper class, sources said.Railways has allotted 20 berths in AC2, 48 in AC3 and 216 in sleeper class under 'tatkal' quota in Patna - Bangalore Sanghmitra Express (12296). However, there are four berths in AC2, 20 in AC3 and 140 in sleeper class in Islampur - New Delhi Magadh Express (12401) and eight in AC2, 18 in AC3 and 140 in sleeper class under the scheme in Shramjeevi Express (12391), an ECR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701013", "title": "World experts in Kolkata to chart history on waves", "text": "KOLKATA: Historians from the United States, Australia, Singapore and India have assembled in Kolkata to chart out ways to assess history from a bold new perspective in which seas and oceans are viewed as the means of connecting cultures and not separating them.\"Till now, history the world over has been dominated by land. Water gets only a peripheral mention as riverine or sea-side settlements. Maritime history has been utterly neglected. There is archeological evidence of sea voyages that date back to the 1st Century (double masted Satavana ship coin from 1st and 2nd century; 4th-9th century Harikela coin from Chittagong) long before European traders took to the seas and colonised lands between the 14th and 18th Century,\" maritime historian and Institut de Chandernagor director Rila Mukherjee said on Thursday.She was speaking to TOI on the sidelines of the international seminar on water ahead of the International Water History Association in Mont Pellier, France in June 2013.Mukherjee reasoned that \"history of water\" needs to be redefined, particularly in view of the unequal relationship between Europe and rest of the world when it comes to history of the seas. \"We are talking about sourcing history from travel literature, ship-wrecks, navigational instruments, hydrological charts and ecology,\" said Mukherjee, adding that boatmen's songs, food on the seas and adventure on water could all be a source for writing the history of water.University of Pune history department professor Radhika Seshan remarked that one of the major themes in colonial historiography was the supposed 'indifference' of Indians to the sea, which was then touted as a reason for the British success in India. The sea was open to all, but was nevertheless peripheral to the lives of most Indians: one manifestation of this attitude was the greater importance of land revenue as opposed to that from trade by sea.\"When nationalist responses began, some of the colonial perceptions were challenged, but the idea of the sea scholars like Nilakanta Sastri pointed out the significance of the sea to the Cholas in particular, and to peninsular rulers in general. What academic historians did not take up found its way into historical fiction like the works of a Tamil writer of the early 20th century,\" said Seshan.Calcutta University ancient Indian history and culture professor Suchandra Ghosh made an attempt to go beyond the trading network on the Brahmaputra-Meghna-Bahr Harknad riverine linkages and explore the politico-economic relation between early Kamarupa and the trans Meghna kingdoms taking these two rivers as key players.Historian and novelist Kunal Basu, who was present at the seminar, has used water extensively in his historical novels 'The Opium Clerk', 'The Yellow Emperor's Cure' and short story 'The Japanese Wife'. \"India has a history of going to the sea and travelling to far-off lands - East Africa, Sri Lanka, Fiji, Malaya, Trinidad and Mauritius,\" he pointed out.University of New South Wales emeritus Michael Pearson, who had earlier collaborated with former National Library director Ashin Dasgupta to write a series on Indian maritime history, advised caution while writing the history on water. \"We mustn't jump into the water in haste. I think the history of water is an extension of land-cultures and social structures on a ship are not very different from that on land. Instead, what is needed is to look at the coast that has an amphibious existence and establish a relationship of equality,\" he suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "17701891", "title": "Overcharging by buses: Regional transport authority warns owners, staff", "text": "UDUPI: The Regional Transport Authority (RTA) has frowned on practice by private bus operators in Kundapur taluk in the district for charging a minimum fare of Rs 6 as against the minimum fare of Rs 5 fixed by the authority. HN Ramesh, secretary, RTA and regional transport officer said RTA has received complaints from commuters about the practice in private shuttle service buses on grounds that Rs 6 is the minimum prescribed fare as per the state government notification.Ramesh said notwithstanding the government notification, the bus operators are allowed to collect the same from the passengers only after it is ratified by the authority and the authority has not do so as of now.Until such time, all private bus operators should compulsorily collect Rs 5 as minimum fare, Ramesh said, adding similar complaints have also been received from commuters on Karkala-Hebri routes and other places across the district.Ramesh instructed bus owners to comply with the directive of RTA and also pass on suitable instructions to their respective crew not to collect more than the prescribed minimum fare. The RTA will take legal action against bus owners and crew members, conductors in particular, if it receives any further complaints from commuters, Ramesh said.The deputy commissioner, who is chairman, RTA will take a decision on minimum fares soon. Call: 0820-2575137.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701244", "title": "3 new GoAir flights from February", "text": "KOLKATA: GoAir, that currently operates just two flights out of Kolkata, will introduce three more flights from February as it expands its network in the east next year.While the airline currently connects Kolkata to Delhi and Port Blair , it will add flights to Ahmedabad, Bagdogra and Guwahati from February 4, 2013. It will operate the brand new sharklet equipped A320 aircraft on these sectors, effecting significant fuel savings.Flights on the new sectors will have GoBusiness, comprising the first two rows of the aircraft with the middle seat empty and more legroom. GoBusiness is a value driven offer providing hot meals on board, priority boarding privileges and a 40kg baggage allowance. With this launch, GoAir will have more than 100 flights everyday serving 22 destinations across India.Commenting on the launch of this new sector, the chief executive officer of the carrier, Giorgio De Roni, said, \"Kolkata - Bagdogra as well as Kolkata-Guwahati are sectors with immense potential given the number of business and leisure travellers flying in and out of these towns. At GoAir, it's always our endeavour to provide the best fares and most convenient flight options to customers, always on the lookout for new, affordable alternatives.\" Customers from Kolkata will have direct to and fro flights to Ahmedabad with this new launch.\"While the Kolkata-Ahmedabad flight will depart at 5.45pm, the Kolkata-Bagdogra flight will take off at 11.30am and Kolkata-Guwahati at 2.15pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700320", "title": "Chill returns as mercury dips", "text": "LUCKNOW: After a fortnight of \" warm spell\", the winter chill was back in the city on Thursday with minimum temperature plummeting to five degrees celsius, three degrees below normal and the lowest so far this winter. The weather office warned that coldwave may sweep the city in coming days with mercury dropping further by 1-2 degrees. Coldwave is declared when the minimum temperature is five degrees below normal.State Met director JP Gupta said dry icy winds, which have resumed, are responsible for the drop in the temperature in the city and state. The flow of the northwesterly chilly winds was restricted by a steady stream of eastern disturbances lashing the north India's hill region in past 15 days.These disturbances were responsible for the heavy snowfall and rain in the hills, he said. However, he added, after western disturbances fizzled out, wind from the snow-fed areas revived and are now sweeping the state, leading to dry chilly weather. He added that the drop in temperature will also lead for formation of thick fog, particularly in northeast UP bordering Nepal. Rest of the state will witness shallow fog, he said.The minimum temperature in the city on Wednesday was 9.4 degrees celsius, one degree above normal, but dropped by over four degrees on Thursday. Earlier, on December 3, the minimum temperature had dropped to seven degrees celsius. On Thursday, the bright sunshine kept the weather pleasant but icy winds brought the maximum temperature to 22.3 degrees celsius, a drop of two degrees from Wednesday. Though the difference between maximum temperatures in last 24 hours was not significant, people felt the \"chill\" during day due to cold winds. And, it will increase gradually in coming days.Another western disturbance is expected to hit the hill region by December 26. If strong, the western disturbance can also bring rain in the plains.Muzaffarnagar was the coldest in the state with minimum temperature of four degrees celsius, Najibabd recorded five degrees celsius, Lakhimpuri Kheri 5.6 degrees, Fatehgarh 5.7 degrees, Agra 6.4 degrees, Meerut 7.4 degrees, Basti and Shahjahanpur 7.6 degrees each and Rae Bareli eight degrees.Kanpur recorded minimum temperature of 8.4 degrees celsius, Allahabad 8.4 degrees and Varanasi 10.1 degrees. In Gorakhpur, thick fog brought down day temperature to 17.1 degrees celsius, seven degrees below normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17701699", "title": "Rehabilitation plans after endosulfan survey: Minister", "text": "KARWAR: After the state government completes its survey on endosulfan-affected families in Dakshina Kannada, Uttara Kannada and Udupi districts, the government will chalk out rehabilitation programme, said health and family welfare minister Aravind Limbavali.He was addressing Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHA) in Kadra near Karwar on Thursday after inaugurating the primary health centre (PHC) here.Limbavali said the state government had decided to pay extra incentives for Ashas who help women in safe deliveries. But the Union health ministry had warned the government against such a move as Ashas in other states too would demand such remuneration. He said that there is no dearth of funds in the health department and the government is ready to provide all facilities to rural masses. But, doctors, he rued, were shying away from rural service despite the government spending lakhs on their education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704125", "title": "A musical, spicy treat", "text": "If you are looking for a sophisticated dining experience with a peppy aura, Nando's is the way to go .The signature ingredient, chicken, is marinated for 24 hours, grilled to order and served at the degree of your desire. From a simple lemon-and-herb baste to extra hot, which will make you burst into tears, it is further garnished with Peri-Peri sprinkle.After spicing up 29 countries, Nando's- a South Africa-based Afro-Portuguese global restaurant chain is spreading fire in Chandigarh. But it's not just about chicken but a lot more veggie stuff laced with delicious Peri-Peri.Done up in dark wood and ambient lighting, little enclaves can be found here, cozy for a soiree, first date or business meal. Before descending on the exotic cooked bird, munch on Chicken Livers and tender Portuguese roll, dipped in mild hot or extra hot sauce, (Peri-Peri sauces contain zero MSG, or added colouring or added preservatives). The platter Petisco is always a tasty opener for any meal. Consisting of chicken wings, olives, Novo Pita (crisp flatbread), with Peri-Peri hummus and Peri dip, the sizeable all-time favourite is perfect to share around the table. Sidelines like Spiced Rice, Peri Chips, Coleslaw, Wedges, garlic bread and salad, add texture and flavour. Lean meats on a skewer, Espetada, too are delightful.Ctaplana, traditional Portuguese rice platter served in authentic clamshell Cataplana dish, dressed with sauteed bed of exotic vegetables, is delight.A lively performance by Swastik Band would make a perfect evening for peri-experience on December 23.Where : Nandos, SCO- 339 &amp; 340, Sector 35 B, Chandigarh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17699760", "title": "Gujarat election result: Euphoria erupts as poll victors celebrate", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704312", "title": "Katrina joins her brother and his fiancee in Koh Samui", "text": "Each year for Christmas and New Years Katrina Kaif likes to be in London with her mother and siblings. This year she took a detour and has landed in Koh Samui in Thailand for a bit of exotic relaxation.Katrina who was reluctant to break into her brother's private paradise with his beloved, reluctantly agreed on her brother's insistence.Says a friend of the actress, \"Being around her brother Michael who is engaged to be married and her elder sister who is a happy wife and mother, Katrina is reminded of her own single status. So she avoids being in their company when they are holidaying with their soul-mates. But this time her brother wouldn't take a no for an answer. Since Katrina gets along with her brother's fiancee, she accepted the offer but not without resistance.\"Further, Katrina hasn't taken a holiday in years. \"Not counting the time she has spent with her family, Katrina has hardly been on a proper holiday. So she accepted her brother's invitation. From Koh Samui she heads to London with her brother to be with the family, as per the annual tradition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699953", "title": "Government drops controversial private varsities bill", "text": "NAGPUR: In a sudden development, the Maharashtra government has dropped the plan to introduce a special act to regulate private universities, which are expected to come up in large numbers. This sudden U-turn by the government came even though the cabinet had cleared the bill by the state higher and technical education department on December 13.The bill was to come up for discussion in the legislative council and was even mentioned in daily schedule last week. But the discussion was deferred by the chairman following a request from the government.The bill had been cleared by both houses earlier, but was criticized by members on the issue of reservation. Then governor K Sankaranarayanan had referred it back after demands were made for reservations in such institutions.Though chief minister Prithviraj Chavan refused to confirm the development directly, he hinted to TOI that since the government had to make a new bill for every private university, they were contemplating some changes in the bill. \"We are studying establishment of many such universities with centres in other states, and will then make necessary changes,\" he said.However, minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope confirmed the development, saying the existing bill had been dropped and new model guidelines will be framed for entry of these universities. He however remained non-committal about percentage of reservation in new guidelines, whereas the earlier bill had provided 25% quota.\"We had planned a model act to govern these universities. However, we realizes that all universities will require separate bills and clearance from both houses. This would have made the existing act redundant. So, we have decided to frame model guidelines to govern them,\" he clarified.The minister said that some 98 private universities have been set up in 18 states and the state will study their acts to frame model guidelines. \"We will directly invite proposals based on these guidelines and our scrutiny committee will study them. They will then be granted letter of intent (LoI). Another panel will then conduct physical verification of all facilities and infrastructure before a letter of approval (LoA) is given.\"Tope however made it clear that all these universities would have to be cleared by both assembly and council to become operational. \"All these universities will have their individual bills and acts, and will be governed by the model guidelines framed by the government and not by Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994,\" he said. He said they have already received hundreds of proposals to open private universities.The minister added that these universities will have academic and administrative autonomy, and the independence to frame their own curriculum. However, they will have to strictly adhere to guidelines of apex bodies like AICTE, MCI , NCTE and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17692707", "title": "Star-studded engagement bash in Mumbai", "text": "Dr Nandita and Pradeep Palshetkar welcomed guests to the their son Rohan's engagement with Karishma Kirti. Celebs from various fields were were present for the celebration that took placer.Dr Ajeenkya Patil was had wife Pooja for company. Dr Hrishikesh Pai, Moiz Lokhandwala, Leena Mogre, Dr Sandesh Mayekar and Satish Maneshinde were also among the guests seen at the celebration. Ashutosh Gowariker and Poonam Dhillon also wished the couple. Abey Kuruvilla, Brinda Parekh, Kaanchan Adhikari and Vaishali Samant enjoyed the lavish buffet spread at the the venue. The celebration went on till late in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17701664", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority comes up with win-win scheme for ryots", "text": "HUBLI: In a move to ease the stranglehold of the real estate mafia who dupe farmers into parting with their land on the outskirts at throwaway prices, the Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority (HDUDA) has devised a plan to develop layouts involving farmers.According to a new plan, HDUDA will identify farmers who are interested in developing their lands into layouts.HDUDA will hand over about 40 per cent of the site to the farmers after developing the layouts while the rest 60 per cent will be distributed to needy people at affordable rates.As Hubli-Dharwad twin city is developing at fast pace since more thrust is being given to develop all Tier 2 cities by government, land rates have gone up beyond the reach of common man. All most all sites in prime locations have been booked in city.A 30x40 site which was around Rs 5 lakh is now Rs 8 to 10 lakh. Realtors, who have made Hubli their favourite city after Bangalore, have developed hundreds of layouts on private and farmers' land. With land in the city scarce, realtors are eying land on the outskirts of the city including, Gabbur, Amargol, Sattur, Gokul, Tarihal. Some realtors have already succeeded in buying land from farmers and developing layouts in Gudihal, Rayanal, Kusuagal and Sulla, Gamangatti.To put an end to this menace, HDUDA has come out with the scheme of developing layouts in farmers' land which involves farmers who will have 40% per cent share.Ramappa Patted, Kusugal farmer, who own 26 acres of land, said, farmers are forced to part with their land, and hopes this scheme will help them to keep unscrupulous realtors at bay.Lingaraj Patil, chairman, HDUDA, says farmers are showing interest in giving their land to HDUDA for layout development. \"We have already devised a plan and it will be implemented shortly. This scheme will also improve the financial status of farmers who will get 40% of the sites which he can then sell to others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701113", "title": "Scientists develop software to help the hearing impaired", "text": "KOLKATA: Unlike the popular notion, we learn from what we hear and not what we see. Wondering how difficult it makes learning for kids with hearing impairment!? The increasing number of deaf children dropping out of school every year speaks for itself.While Bengal is one among the states with the highest concentration of people with hearing impairment , it also features almost on top of the list when it comes to the number of hearing impaired children taking admission and yet dropping out of school. Worried at the alarming trend, a premier scientific institution of the city has devised a software that will translate written text into sign language for immediate assimilation of the hearing impaired.The software called Mounisara (end of silence) has been developed by four scientists of the Variable Energy Cyclotrone Centre (VECC) - a wing of the department of atomic energy. A senior teacher of sign language from a state aided-school for the hearing impaired was also roped in for the project to retain authenticity and uniformity of the sign language.The software that has already been installed in as many as 45 special schools and also conventional schools which admit children with disabilities project was started in August 2007. Pegged at Rs 1 crore, the five-year long project was fully funded by the department of atomic energy.Interestingly, Subha Sarkar, the schoolteacher who helped VECC with the sign languages for all conventional words in use, has parents and a brother who are hearing impaired. She is the only person in the family who does not suffer from disabilities. Thus, she was naturally drawn towards mastering the sign language and doing her bit to standardize it.\"We are able to translate Bengali and Hindi texts for the moment as was the mandate of the project. Bengali because it would be of use for the region and Hindi because it can then be disseminated by the centre among Hindi-medium schools across the country,\" said Biswajit Sarkar, a scientist in the team.\"We have been successful in translating Barna Parichay, Sahaj Path and several other books that are used in primary schools with the help of our software. It has a simple process. All you need to do is install the software in your computer and then key in the chapters you wish to translate. You will automatically see the book getting transformed into a series of sign languages making it possible for the hearing impaired child to read the book without hiccups,\" Sarkar said.Despite the software being a success, VECC is now faced with a bigger challenge of modifying the software in such a way that even English texts get translated into sign language. Terming the initiative by VECC as \"commendable\", educationist Prasanta Roy said while Braille books have brought about a revolution among those without vision, those without speech do not have such texts to help educate them, adding to their misery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17700851", "title": "High court notice to education department over Teachers Eligibility Test exam", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday ordered to issue notice to the school education department and the teachers recruitment board (TRB) on a writ petition seeking stay in issuing appointment orders to the successful candidates of Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) which was held on October 14.In her petition, R Anusuya, a dalit girl alleged that the state government failed to relax the minimum required mark for the SC/ST candidates who wrote TET 2012 that has been contemplated on instructions from the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE).She contended in the petition that the TRB has taken steps to issue appointment orders to the successful candidates of TET, 2012. But, 29 questions that were in the TET question paper are out of syllabus and two were without any answer.Hence, it is necessary to give interim injunction restraining the TRB from issuing the appointment orders, the petitioner prayed.The petition came up before the high court on Thursday for admission. The court ordered to issue notice to the authorities and posted the matter by four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17700674", "title": "Man held for setting wife on fire", "text": "GURGAON: A Manesar-based man has been arrested for allegedly killing his wife by setting her on fire after pouring kerosene on her. Dowry demand is said to have triggered the incident.According to police, the incident took place in Nawada-Naharpur village late on Wednesday night, when Anil Kumar, who works with a private firm in Manesar, returned home drunk and set his wife on fire. The neighbours found the victim's body in the couple's rented house on Thursday morning and informed the police.The victim has been identified as 20-year-old Saraswati alias Guddi, a native of Kidwai Nagar in Kanpur. She got married to Kumar, a native of Hardoyee in Uttar Pradesh on February 2.Nand Kishore, the brother of the victim, in his complaint, alleged that his brother-in-law was a drunk and would beat up his sister after consuming alcohol. He would thrash her and demand that she bring dowry. On Wednesday night, he first strangled the victim and then set her on fire after pouring kerosene on her, the brother said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17699851", "title": "Medha lends support to anti-BMIC stir", "text": "BANGALORE: Hundreds of villagers who lost their land to the Bangalore Mysore Infrastructure Corridor (BMIC) project found a supporter in social activist Medha Patkar. She threw her weight behind those agitating against the project alleging that it has uprooted hundreds of them from their land.Addressing a gathering of people affected by the project as part of the BMIC (NICE) Viruddha Janandolana at Freedom Park here, Patkar said: \"Now in its 17th year of implementation, the project has made little progress. The social injustice meted out in the name of the project is too glaring to be ignored. The government is showing little sign of support for the people. There is urgent need to rejuvenate the campaign and continue the fight for justice.\" The BMIC is being implemented by the Nandi Infrastructure Corridor Enterprises (NICE).The agitators allege that properties of politicians and corporate houses have been spared from the project. They said acquisition proceedings pertaining to land beyond the scope of the project should be dropped. They also want the government to declare the Peripheral Ring Road and link road built by NICE as a toll-free amenity for Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "17701871", "title": "Time to hand over VIP security charge to to a specialized agency", "text": "DELHI: With just one cop available for every 364 Delhiites, it is clear that Delhi Police's excessive resource commitment for VIP security is now affecting the safety of common people. Yet, the question of handing over VIP security to a specialized agency remains a point of debate. Delhi Police officers say that if their men are relieved of VIP duties, more staff can be deployed for routine policing . Security agencies like IB, however , oppose the idea on the ground that it will lead to multiplicity of security handlers.The idea to relieve Delhi Police of VIP duties was put forth in 2008 by the NSG chief, following the furor over the 26/11 attacks in Mumbai. JK Dutt, then chief of NSG, had pointed out that terrorists were moving with the times and only an expert group of men could handle them. He proposed a unified agency or a new agency on par with Central Industrial Security Force (that protects public sector units and installations). Security experts and successive Delhi Police commissioners have, however, decided to stay out of the debate saying it's the Centre's call.Those in favour of the switchover say Delhi Police will be in a better position to man streets and investigate cases. \"The security wing has gradually become a dumping ground for men who err on the field of duty. But they are eased out of the security wing after some time, even before they become experts in handling VIP security. Handing over VIP duties to another agency will actually benefit the force,'' said an officer.Those opposed to the move say Delhi Police will still be involved in the VIP security apparatus, at the street level. With the SPG in charge of 'Z+' security, another unit will only lead to confusion and overlap, besides being a financial drain.\"It is pointless to remove Delhi Police from a job it has done perfectly for the past many years. Instead , there's a need to trim the VIP list. Reviews should be carried out within six months,'' said an officer.Approximately Rs 600cr of public money is spent annually on the salary of the security staff involved in such duties. The SPG has seen its 2008-09 budget go up from Rs 117crore to Rs180 crore, while the NSG had its budget marginally reduced from Rs159 crore to Rs 158 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699087", "title": "NGO blamed for HIV patient's death", "text": "HYDERABAD: The death of a HIV-positive patient sparked mild tension at Osmania General Hospital (OGH) on Thursday with her family alleging negligence on the part of NGO Prajwala. The 40-year-old patient who hails from West Bengal, was one of the several women who were rescued from human trafficking in Mumbai three months ago during a joint operation by CID and Prajwala.On Thursday morning, the woman was found unconscious by the staff at Prajwala and was immediately shifted to OGH. The doctors of OGH declared her brought dead. The family members of the woman who arrived from Mumbai along with a group of around 30 persons staged a protest at the hospital blaming the NGO for the death.\"We have been giving proper care to the victim from the time she was brought to our home. Medical treatment and ART drugs were provided to her by OGH,\". The family members, who initially were normal, suddenly started protesting and we feel that there is an ulterior motive behind their accusations against us, Prajwala chief functionary Sunitha Krishna told TOI. The family reportedly left without collecting the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699034", "title": "Temple work on despite court order, says petitioner", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a fresh controversy surrounding a temple in the Old City, a petitioner who had filed a case against the illegal construction on the temple premises in court claimed that the work was still underway at night despite an order forbidding it.Petitioner Syed Khaleelullah, in a letter addressed to the authorities including the Hyderabad district collector, claimed that the temple authorities were using floodlights at night to carry out work and the Charminar police station officers were standing as mute spectators.When contacted, collector Syed Ali Murtuza Rizvi said he would forward the letter to the commissioner of police. \"The collector's office has little role to play in this. We will forward the letter we have received from the ASI to the commissioner,\" he said.Mahadev Mandir authorities, on the other hand, said that no construction activity was taken up after the stay order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17701046", "title": "Gun lost from police custody", "text": "KANPUR: A double barrel gun has disappeared from Rura Police station's 'Maalkhana,' long considered the safest place for case property. Senior police officials are conducting an inquiry to trace the lost gun and the culprit behind the embarrassing loss.The Rura police station had seized the double barrel gun of Khullan Singh when one Vijay Shankar lodged a case against him under section 147/148/149 /307 IPC in 2005.The police mentioned the seizure of gun in the case dairy on October 28, 2005, said Singh's counsel Avinash Katiyar. After the police filed final report in the case, Singh sought release order from the court for his double barrel gun. But Rura Police station gave various excuses instead of returning the gun to him. Khullan Singh took up the matter with senior police officials but his efforts reportedly went in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17701027", "title": "Pitch against rapists gets shriller", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Angry protests were staged on Thursday by students of the Allahabad University and Motilal Nehru Medical College against the recent gang rape of a medical student in the national capital in a display of solidarity with the victim who is battling for life.In the rally, organised by the Women Advisory Board (WAB) of AU, a large number of students of AU participated. The rally commenced from the Law faculty of AU and after passing through the Arts and Science faculties, it arrived at Subhash crossing in Civil Lines before going back to AU. Among the 500 students of AU taking part in the demonstration were girls who raised the issue of eve-teasing, saying it had become a regular feature not only on the AU campus but also on the roads.Holding placards in their hands and shouting slogans against fairer sex falling prey to heinous crimes in every part of the country, the girls lambasted the trend.Students of MLN Medical College also took out a rally in their college and raised their protest against the Delhi incident. One of the placards read, 'Don't tell your daughter not to step out at night; instead, teach your sons to behave'. The rally assembled in front of the office of the principal of the college S P Singh said the Delhi incident is shameful and a lot has to be done to make our society safe.Members of Samajik ekta Parishad took out a rally from Bank Road and handed a memorandum addressed to the commissioner. \"We not only demanded action against the culprits of the Delhi incident but also that rape cases should be heard in fast track courts so that culprits are penalised within a month,\" said president of the parishad Om Prakash Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17700932", "title": "Sinthee school stands firm, orders failed students to take re-test to qualify for HS exams", "text": "KOLKATA: The headmistress and faculty of Sinthee Kasturba Kanya Vidyapeeth refused to be cowed down by the protests that continued for the second day and insisted that the only concession they could allow the failed students was a second test.The 29 failed students and their guardians have rejected the offer since Wednesday, demanding that everyone be allowed to appear in the higher secondary exams without an eligibility test.On Wednesday evening, a student had jumped into a pond to commit suicide when police tried to rescue headmistress Smita Mukherjee and teachers from a six-hour gherao. The girl is stable in hospital but the tension refuses to die down on campus.Mukherjee and other teachers entered the school on Thursday morning with police protection. The school authorities announced that all the failed students would be allowed only if they pass the re-test scheduled to be held from December 24.Some of the failed students and their guardians started protesting again and also tried to heckle the teachers when they were entering the school. But policemen - who were far stronger in numbers than Wednesday - swung into action and controlled the situation immediately.The headmistress met with the school managing committee and later announced that all the failed students would have to sit for a re-test.\"It is the final decision taken by the school authorities that all the failed 29 students will have to appear in the re-rest and they will be allowed to sit in the higher secondary examination only after they pass. These (29) students had got extremely poor marks in all the subjects because of which they could not pass the test despite our special consideration marks. On Thursday most of them agreed with our decision and they have already signed a document assuring that they agree to a re-test,\" said Mukherjee.Like the headmistress of the Santoshpur school, Mukherjee stood firm through the crisis. Although she looked shaken on Wednesday, she refused to give in to the bullying. Many other schools that have faced such protests have caved in and allowed all the students to appear in the exams.Around 123 class XII students of Sinthee Kasturaba girls school had appeared in the test examination.The trouble broke out on Saturday after the school authorities put up the test results showing 29 students as failed.Those students and their guardians accosted the head mistress in her office room and launched agitation demanding they all be allowed to take higher secondary exam.The agitators had left her office after the head mistress had told them that the school authorities would look into the matter and would take a decision in this connection on Wednesday.The situation turned volatile on Wednesday after the school authorities took the decision that a re-test for the failed 29 students would be held on December 21.The students locked up the teachers around 11 am and gheraoed them till 4.45 pm. The teachers were gheraoed, badgered, threatened and assaulted for hours till a police team from Baranagar PS and the locals somehow managed to take them out from the school and sent them to their homes.But when they were being driven away in a police jeep, Dolly Karak, a student of class XII, Arts and one of the failed students rushed to a pond in front of the school and jumped into it to commit suicide. Later she had been rescued by the locals and was taken to Baranagar State General Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17700519", "title": "Police asked to arrest molester: Gaikhangam", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur deputy chief minister Gaikhangam on Thursday informed the assembly that the government has ordered police to arrest the NSCN (IM) cadre who allegedly molested and bashed up a Manipuri film actress in Chandel.During a musical concert held at Chandel on Tuesday night, self-styled 'lt-col' Livingstone Anal molested and bashed up Khangembam Momoco in front of her mother inside the green room.The cadre also fired at two actors - Guna Shrama and S Prakash - who tried to stop him. However, the duo escaped unhurt.Taking into account the sensitive issue raised by legislator I Ibohalbi Singh of the Trinamool Congress during zero hour, Gaikhangam, who also holds the home portfolio, said the government has taken necessary measures to arrest the culprit. He added that senior police officials have been asked to take help of Assam Rifles and launch an operation to apprehend the cadre.Meanwhile, a large number of film personalities, including the victim, on Thursday abortively attempted to storm the assembly to raise their demand. But police blocked their march at Thangmeiband here.On Wednesday, Film Forum Manipur (FFM) leaders and Momoco met Gaikhangam and asked the government to take stringent action against the cadre.Women Action for Development (WAD) appreciated Gaikhangam's statement made in the assembly. WAD condemned the inaction of those security personnel who had witnessed the incident and remained mute spectators.Joining the tirade against the incident, the Centre for Social Development (CSD) said it is very unfortunate that crimes against women and children are increasing in the state. It appealed to the authorities concerned to take action and inquire into the incident to establish the facts and punish the culprits involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17701096", "title": "Centre ready for airport in Allahabad: Reoti Raman Singh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Central government in principle has agreed to accept the proposal for construction of a civilian airport at Allahabad while around 50 acres of land has been earmarked for the south of Bamrauli airport for construction of the same, said Samajwadi Party MP Reoti Raman Singh.Singh said with three major power projects scheduled to come up in trans-Yamuna area, the district is on course to becoming a power generating hub. This would give a boost to trade and commerce over the coming years.He said the matter related to construction of civilian airport at Allahabad was discussed with the civil aviation minister Ajit Singh and his predecessor who have agreed to examine the proposal and initiate necessary measures. He added that in this connection union Civil Aviation minister has also written a letter to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to acquire 50 acre land for constructing the civilian airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701967", "title": "Parkash Singh Badal could have saved impasse between SAD and BJP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The impasse in Vidhan Sabha between SAD and BJP would have ended had Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal been present in the House. The CM, skipped the session for he paid last respects to the departed Akali leader, Raja Narinder Singh, who died on Wednesday. In his absence, a defensive Sukhbir Badal, who had flown to the defence of his brother-in-law, Bikramjit Singh Majithia, in the eye of storm for hurling abuses on Congress legislator in the assembly on Thursday, attempted to pacify the Opposition by pleading to revoke Rana Gurjit Singh's suspension. However, the Congress was in no mood to \"negotiate\" with Sukhbir Badal. \"Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal is accountable for all this. We will speak only to him and not his power-drunk son,\" said Sunil Jakhar.BJP lashes out at SADChief parliamentary secretary K D Bhandari, who represents BJP, did not mince words while censuring their own alliance partner, SAD. The prime accused in the murder of police officer was an Akali leader from Amritsar. Speaking on law and order, Bhandari said, \"The government should put the trial on fast track. Also there is a need for a thorough probe of the past of all newly recruited party members.\"Faux pas once againAfter cabinet minister Bikramjit Singh Majithia, who failed to protect the identity of the rape victim in the infamous Faridkot abduction case, BJP MLA Manoranjan Kalia too named a minor rape victim in Vidhan Sabha. Speaking in the debate on law and order Kalia repeatedly took the rape victim's name, a precedent set by the cabinet minister Bikramjit Singh Majithia, in the Vidhan Sabha on Wednesday.Ponty-Namdhari connectionThe connection of murdered liquor baron Ponty Chadha with Punjab came up in the Vidhan Sabha once again as Akali MLA Inderjit Singh Baloria said, \"Rana Gurjit Singh, Congress MLA who is from Bazpur was the one who introduced Ponty Chadha to his murder accused Sukhdev Singh Namdhari.\" Rana Gurjit Singh denied all such charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17700184", "title": "500-yr-old bags of gunpowder found", "text": "JAISALMER: Over 1,500kg of gunpowder in five leather bags has been found near the Jain temple in the Sonar fort of Jaisalmer, made famous by Satyajit Ray's film 'Sonar Kella'.The explosive is expected to be 500-years-old. The district administration has sought the Army's help to destroy it.Jaisalmer Vikas Samiti secretary Chandra Prakash Vyas said the gunpowder was found in a closed 'burj' (tower) on Wednesday night by some labourers engaged in repair work. The 'burj' was closed for centuries.On getting the information, local authorities vacated nearby areas. Historian Nand Kishore Sharma said the explosives could be dated back to the time of Maharaj Loonkaran Singh in 1550 when the use of cannon was started.He said that even today five big cannons are kept at the sonar fort in Jaisalmer and generally the explosives were stored near the cannons. Possibly the explosives were stored in burj near the cannon placed near the Jain temple and on Thursday it has come to light. The burj was lying closed for last many years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17699756", "title": "Doomsdayers party till the rockin' end", "text": "BANGALORE: While some people across the globe are stocking up food supplies and cleaning out bunkers to make it through Doomsday, according to the Mayan calendar.But a few Bangaloreans have chosen to the welcome the dawn of the end by partying their way out.Seventy-two DJs, including Nikhil Chinapa, Rohit Barker, Ivan, Vachan and Clement, will participate at the three-day Doomsday party at Pebbles whose tagline reads 'Dance to the end of the world'. \"Every well-known DJ in the city will play at the party,\" said Vinay Adi, an organizer of the event. \"If we survive Doomsday, we'll party the next two days till Sunday. The Doomsday party starts at 11.30am and will go on till 11.30pm,\" he said.Some Doomsday parties here are theme-based. 'World Never Ends - Witch episodes 3.0' will kickstart at No Limits and feature a Hollywood vs Bollywood theme. More than 20 DJs will play at the event which will also have a host of beat boxers and B-boying crews.\"We've been organizing Doomsday parties for the past two years and that's why we decided to name it version 3.0,\" said party organizer Rohan Gowda.DJs are hoping Doomsday parties here will be the biggest in the country. \"I hope Doomsday doesn't happen because I plan to play an exclusive house set for party! If it happens, let's make the most of it and have a good time,\" said DJ Nash, a DJ who will perform at one party.DJ Kay Mikado, who plans to play techno music during these parties, says he doesn't think the world will end on Friday. \"Anybody can die any day. So, it's good to live life every single day and party,\" he added.Meanwhile, Kingfisher , known for hosting extravagant parties, is celebrating Doomsday, albeit differently. It has asked its fans to post their pictures revealing their 'last pose' expressions on twitter and top posers will be rewarded with goodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17701297", "title": "Big cats, bear a huge draw at Nandanvan zoo", "text": "RAIPUR: Visitors at the Nandanvan Zoo have more than doubled since the arrival of two tigresses and one tiger, which were brought here in the month of October from Assam.People not only from Raipur but nearby districts like Bilaspur and Raigarh are also thronging the zoo for a glimpse of these canines.Shivaji, the tiger is five-year-old and is a sibling to Kishori, the tigress. Another tigress which is just a year old was raised at an animal rescue centre near Kaziranga National Park and has now become a centre of attraction here.Talking to TOI, R C Dugga, zoo superintendent said, \"Normally, about 2500-3000 people visit Nandanvan zoo but after the tigers have been shifted here from Guwahati, the crowd has almost doubled with over 4500-5000 visitors per day. Definitely, it is also the impact of the holiday season. It is becoming a huge task to manage the rush of people, especially on the weekends and other holidays.\"The tigers were exchanged for two pairs of four-horned antelope and a Himalayan beer. Now, the zoo is also having a Neelgai which was also brought in from Guwahati zoo in exchange of eight crocodiles and few pythons. Dugga said that the gate money or the entry fee will also be increased from January 2013. \"Currently, the entry fee is Rs 5 for kids and Rs 10 for adults and it would be doubled to Rs 10 for kids and Rs 20 for adults,\" Dugga said.The zoo, which was given the standards of being the mini zoo by Central Zoo Authority in 2008 is also being used as a rescue centre due to the absence of proper rescue centres in the state.Dugga said that Nandanvan zoo would be used as a rescue centre and arboretum after the zoo gets shifted to Naya Raipur Zoo and Jungle Safari, which is under construction. He said that the zoo authority have proposed for 'zoo stores', which are the closed quarters built adjacent to their enclosures. \"The rescued animals get stressed being stared at, the whole day. They need some privacy. We are hoping to get the approval soon from the wild life department and the animals would soon get some relief,\" Dugga added.Nearly a week ago, a honey badger and a hyena were rescued in injured condition from the outskirts of Raipur, an employee at Nandanvan zoo said adding that pythons, panther and hyenas are found in large numbers within the city limits. While many pythons and panthers have been rescued, a hyena was found for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704661", "title": "Wedding bells for five Bollywood beauties!", "text": "Marriage is no more a roadblock for Bollywood beauties and this year five actresses, including reigning queens Kareena Kapoor and Vidya Balan , tied the knot with thier long-time beaus. Genelia D'Souza, Esha Deol and Lisa Ray too joined the bandwagon.Also, it has been a welcome change to see actresses doing everything traditionally - either within their homes or at temples. Here we give you a lowdown on Bollywood actresses' weddings of the year:Kareena Kapoor: Bollywood Heroine Kareena shut gossip-mongers when she sealed her four-year-old relationship with actor Saif Ali Khan Oct 16. The revelry was as big and fat as one would've expected, but there is no doubt that it turned out to be a well-guarded event. Whether it was a pre-wedding rooftop bash, a simple registered marriage affair, a 'nikaah' ceremony at various venues or their grand 'Walima' (reception) in the national capital - Saifeena gave a fairy tale effect to their romance - with the privacy they rightfully deserved.Vidya Balan: Ooh la la girl Vidya Balan's nuptials with Disney UTV managing director Siddharth Roy Kapoor turned out to be another classic case in point for a celebrity's private affair. Attended by close friends and family members, the Dec 14 wedding in Mumbai was as simple as it could be - weaving together both - Siddharth's Punjabi and Vidya's Tamil traditions.Genelia D'Souza: Genelia and Riteish Deshmukh set out on their Bollywood journey together with Tujhe Meri Kasam in 2003. Who knew that would be the start of a life-long journey for them. One of Bollywood's cutest real life couples, they managed to keep tight-lipped about their relationship for almost eight years. They had a Maharashtrian-style wedding Feb 3, followed by a simple church wedding. Their wedding reception, of course, was attended by almost the entire Mumbai film fraternity.Esha Deol: Esha Deol married her businessman beau Bharat Takhtani June 29 in a traditional south Indian ceremony, complete with women in classy Kanjivarams, at Mumbai's Iskcon temple. A Krishna devotee, Esha preferred to keep her nuptials low-key, though a star-studded mehndi took place a day earlier and a reception followed a day after their wedding.Lisa Ray: Indo-Canadian actress Lisa Rey exchanged wedding vows Oct 20 with management consultant Jason Dehni in California's Napa Valley , where they had also got engaged. Lisa had said in an interview that they wrote their own vows and only exchanged garlands as that's how her father wanted it. She chose only Indian designers to craft her trousseau for her special day - she wore a gown by Wendell Rodricks , and later changed into a Satya Paul sari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17700973", "title": "Higher Secondary exams: Teachers get death threats", "text": "KOLKATA: One more city school came under siege on Thursday but perhaps rattled by the suicide bid in the Sinthee campus, the management cleared all 19 failed students to appear for the Madhyamik and Higher Secondary exams.Trouble had been brewing at Basudebpur High School in Behala's Sarsuna since last week when 13 Class X students and six Class XII students were held back because of extremely poor scores. According to school records, they had scored less than 10 in most subjects.The agitation started quietly at first. Students requested headmistress Ratna Roy to allow them to sit for the board exams but the teachers refused.But the 22-hour Santoshpur school siege and the administration's flip-flop acted as the catalyst for a more aggressive agitation. .Guardians, egged on by local toughs who wore their political colours on their sleeve, started organizing day-long gheraoes of teachers and the headmistress, lifting the siege at night and agreeing to come back for \"talks\" next morning.Some teachers said that started getting threat calls at home. One was threatened with death. An FIR was lodged at Thakurpukur police station but the agitating guardians allegedly heckled school secretary Chittaranjan Sarkar.\"We could take this no more and relented. We did not want the trouble to get out of hand as it happened in some other places. We wanted to solve the problem ourselves instead of calling on the council. So after a meeting with all the teachers we decided to allow all 19 detained students to appear for their board exams,\" headmistress Roy said.Fingers were once again raised at the local Trinamool leadership because teachers said that the guardians were led by a local leader called Tapan Dutta, who is the Trinamool vice-president of Ward No. 126 and also a trade union leader. Trinamool denied the allegation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17703111", "title": "Actor Gopichand to marry Reshma", "text": "Tollywood hero Gopichand will soon enter wedlock. The actor will soon tie the knot with Hyderabad-based Reshma, who happends to be actor Srikanth's niece. The engagement will take place on December 23 in Hyderabad and the married will take place next year. Gopichand was earlier engaged to Haritha and the wedding date was also fixed, but the wedding had to be called off at the last minute.Gopichand is currently shooting for an untitled film with Taapsee to be directed by Chandrasekhar Yeleti and produced by BVSN Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17704752", "title": "Infosys employees play Santa to orphaned children for Christmas", "text": "CHENNAI: Employees of IT major Infosys are playing Santa to more than 2,000 orphaned children this year. They have promised to realise every wish of the children, who are supported by various non-profit organisations across the state.Around 350 employees went around orphanages in rural areas of the state collecting wish lists from children. The wishes were then validated to eliminate those that asked for gifts over the specified budget or those asking to go to the moon. A web portal was set up to put up the wishes of the children so employees from the two offices in Chennai - one at Sholinganallur and the other at Mahindra World City - were able to pick the gift they wanted to give.\"The employees were free to pick more than one wish to experience the joy of giving,\" said Srividya Manoharan, senior systems engineer and core team member of Become A Santa initiative. Sneham, the corporate social responsibility wing run by the employees of Infosys' development centers in Chennai, came up with the project to help underprivileged children experience the spirit of Christmas.The employees who contributed to the cause met around 75 of the children to whom the gifts would go at an event organised by Sneham to felicitate the Santas on December 19. The volunteers will ensure that the gifts reach all the 2,016 children by Christmas day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17701047", "title": "Want to contact a stranger on Facebook? Pay $1", "text": "NEW DELHI: Several months after Facebook started testing promoted status messages, the social networking website on Friday said it will start \"a small experiment\" around paid messages.In a statement posted on Facebook, the website said that it is making several changes to efficiently deliver messages that Facebook users get. As part of the new measures, it is rolling out an experimental feature that will allow a Facebook user to send a priority message to other user even if he is not a 'friend' at a nominal charge of $1. The current rate for the message is not final and Facebook may change it in future.The service will be initially available only in the US and number of messages that can be send to a user will be capped at one per week.\"We've heard that messages people care about may not always be delivered or may go unseen in the Other folder,\" the website noted in the statement.It then explained that currently there are two kind of mail boxes Facebook users have. The Inbox is where they get messages from their friends while the Other is where the messages from strangers go.\"Facebook Messages is designed to get the most relevant messages into your Inbox and put less relevant messages into your Other folder. We rely on signals about the message to achieve this goal,\" the website noted in its statement. \"Today we're starting a small experiment to test the usefulness of economic signals to determine relevance. This test will give a small number of people the option to pay to have a message routed to the Inbox rather than the Other folder of a recipient that they are not connected with.\"The feature can also be used by the Android users of Facebook Messenger. To use Facebook Messenger on Android, users don't have to be a member of the social networking website.Earlier Facebook had started an experimental feature that allowed people to promote their status message so that it reaches all their friends. Currently the feature is available to select users in several countries and costs $7 per status message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "17699586", "title": "Nine medical students arrested for ragging", "text": "ONGOLE: Clamping down on ragging, Prakasam district police on Thursday arrested nine medical students. All the accused are the first year students of Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), Ongole, a government medical college. Incidentally, they are the first batch students of the newly opened medical college.The students accused of ragging their classmates, were sent to judicial remand for 14 days. Giving the details, SP K Raghurami Reddy said a group of students formed into a gang and started harassing some of their classmates. A student, Veerlapati Nagavenkata Ganesh of East Godavari district stayed in the medical college hostel for two months since his admission into the college.Unable to bear the alleged torture by a 'dominant group',he shifted to a private room near the college last week. However, the students went to his room and ragged him over the past few days. The accused are believed to have threatened the victim on the college campus on Wednesday and attacked him in the room in the late hours on that day.Upon information, police reached the spot and arrested all the nine accused. During interrogation, another incident of ragging came to the notice of the police. The police immediately summoned the other victim, Vallepu Santoth Kumar of Nalgonda district, also a first year student and recorded his statement. The SP directed the local police to register cases against the medical students. Police arrested Ravi, Praveen, Elia Naik, Anoop, Karunya, Kaushik, Mohan, Varma and Sivannarayana. Ongole One Town SI Shaik Gouse said the accused have been charged under section 4 (1) of AP Prevention of Ragging Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17699942", "title": "People lack a credible alternative: Aam Aadmi Party", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) attributed the Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh poll verdict to the lack of a credible alternative for people.AAP, which has made fighting corruption its plank, had targeted Gujarat CM Narendra Modi, accusing him of crony capitalism at the public's expense, gifting coal and gas blocks at throwaway prices.In Himachal, the poll result in favour of Congress was also seen as a blow to the fledgling party. Erstwhile Team Anna members had campaigned extensively in the state slamming CM P K Dhumal for bringing in a Lokayukta that \"encouraged corruption\".AAP chief spokesperson Manish Sisodia, however, said the poll results should not be seen as a debacle for the month-old party. \"We were under severe pressure to run for elections in both Himachal and Gujarat because there was a public response to the issues we raised. However, we were not even registered as a party and did not think it was the right time,\" Sisodia said.He added that both Congress and BJP were two sides of the same coin and voters had no credible choice before them. \"We are working to create awareness among people that they have a choice. We are not asking for votes. We want people to participate in this experiment and demand decentralization of power,\" Sisodia said.AAP is working towards creating a formal structure. \"We will have 10-member committees in 308 districts by December-end and 450 districts by January-end. These people will be our ambassadors,\" he added.The party will expand its message from the anti-graft plank to a wider number of issues including an alternative land acquisition bill and decentralization of power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17700079", "title": "Electronic equipment worth Rs 54L stolen from shop at Campal", "text": "PANAJI: Electronic equipment worth around 5.4 lakh was stolen from an electronic showroom at Campal early Thursday morning.As per a complaint registered by Akshay Jain, unknown accused entered his shop by breaking open the rear window.MP3s, MP4s, cameras, handicams, one play station, a camera printer, a cellphone and a laptop, besides cash worth 30,000 were stolen.Police registered the case under Sections 454, 457, 380 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699391", "title": "Threatened OU professors seek SHRC help", "text": "HYDERABAD: The stalemate over PhD admissions continued to rattle Osmania University with teachers approaching the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) against some students on Thursday.The Osmania University Teachers' Association (OUTA) filed a petition appealing to the SHRC to intervene in the issue and restore normalcy inside the campus. The petitioners said that a group of students led by V Srinivas had attacked journalism professor K Narender on December 17 inside the VC's chamber. When OU professors were taking out a rally on December 18, they were roughed up by the same group of students, the petitioners added.According to them, the professors have been terrorised and threatened by the students for admission into PhD course. Threatening calls to the concerned professors in the middle of the night have also become common, they said. Admitting the case, the commission has directed the city commissioner of police and registrar of OU to submit a report on this issue by December 26.Meanwhile, neither the administrative heads nor the students involved in the issue budged from their stand. While the teachers said that unless their demands were met by the VC, which includes making the Ph D process transparent and protecting teachers from such incidents, they would not take back their resignations, students wanted action against some teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17701511", "title": "Teachers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 strike hits Nilamber Pitamber University exam schedule", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The Palamu-based Nilamber Pitamber University has rescheduled Part 1 examination for arts, science, commerce and vocational courses owing to the ongoing strike called by teachers of affiliated colleges. The examinations, earlier scheduled to begin on November 30, have been postponed until January 7, 2013, if the strike is withdrawn by that time.Varsity registrar P K Verma said teachers at four big colleges affiliated to the university are on strike since November 24 and the universities all over the state are to go on Christmas holiday in the third week of December. LGSN Shahdeo, controller of the NP university examinations, confirmed the developmentSources said the academic schedule for Part 1 students has been adversely affected by the strike and there will be two Part 1 examinations in the 2013 calendar year there \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one for the batch of 2012 and the other for 2013 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with a gap of just a few months. The delayed examinations will have its effect on the students performance, said Renu Kumari, an affected student.Pro vice-chancellor Ramesh K Pandey said: \"All efforts will be made to ensure that the examinations are conducted from January 7. In the event the strike does not end, the administration of three districts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Latehar, Garhwa and Palamu \u00e2\u20ac\u201dwill be approached for help.The officials will be asked to provide government buildings as examination centres, officials to work as invigilators and a posse of police force for maintenance of law and order. Vice-Chancellor Firoz Ahmad has also sought the cooperation of the teachers in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17701218", "title": "Enjoy a bird\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s eye view of Nilgiris bio-reserve from a hot-air balloon", "text": "COIMBATORE: Imagine a bird's eye view of the Nilgiris bio-reserve from a giant hot-air balloon at a height of about 100 feet from the ground.Tamil Nadu and Puducherry chapter of the National Adventure Foundation, an approved organisation by the government of India is organising a tethered hot-air balloon experience for residents of Coimbatore at an open field adjacent to a famous water theme-park and resort on Ooty Main Road near Mettupalayam.\"The main idea of the event is to offer an opportunity for adventure buffs and aviation sports enthusiasts to get full experience of flying on a hot-air balloon. About three adults and two children can take the balloon ride at once. We will also have a pilot inside the balloon to control it,\" said Group Captain Jayashankar (Rrtd), advisor, National Adventure Foundation.The event is being organised as part of the Adventure Sports Carnival and will be open from 6.30 am to 8.30 am from December 21 to 30. The balloon will be tethered to the ground and will be allowed to have a controlled flight due to safety concerns. According to the organisers, hot-air balloon tethered flights are usually conducted either early in the morning or during dusk hours.\"As per the wind conditions prevailing in Coimbatore, the morning hours are more suitable for conducting flights. We are also planning to include various students and members from educational institutions and other organisations to experience the ride,\" Jayashankar added.The organisers added that the venue is directly behind the water theme park and interested people can directly drive up to the venue which will be visible from Ooty Main Road and register for the balloon flight.\"Organising expenses of Rs 350 per person will be collected,\" Jayashankar added.For more details contact: 936 3145544, 934 4531938.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "itanagr", "code": "17700591", "title": "3 more arrests in Jumkar Basar murder case", "text": "ITANAGR: Doimukh Police have claimed to have solved the Jumkar Basar murder case following the arrest of three more accused in the case on Thursday.Jumkar Basar (38), a field worker of a financial company of Ambitious Diversified Project Management Ltd, was murdered and his body was found near the railway line at Gumto village in Doimukh circle on August 14. While four of the accuse had been arrested, three co-accused were on the run.A police team from Doimukh PS nabbed one of the three absconding co-accused namely, Rajiv Payeng from his residence in Assam's North Lakhimpur district on December 7, sources said on Thursday. Two others accused, namely Raj Pegu and Ajit Pegu, were arrested by Assam Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17701367", "title": "Bokaro helpline down on Day 1", "text": "BOKARO: The district police department, which proudly announced the launch of a restructured 24-hours anti-sexual harassment cell on Wednesday to provide security cover to women and girls, is facing flak as forgot the helpline number of the cell at women's police station has been out of order for the last few days. The cell was started in the district in the wake of a directive issued by chief minister Arjun Munda , who expressed deep concern on rising incidents of sexual harassment and asked the police to go all out to curb the menace.Like other cities across the state and the country, Bokaro too is witnessing a disturbing rise in the number of sexual harassment cases. An anti-'eve-teasing' cell was already functional at the Women Police Station of the district, but it has been restructured to make it more effective. The helpline plays a vial role because most complaints made by victims are over the phone and they usually avoid coming to the police station.The helpline number \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 06542-220016 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d remaining defunct from past few days has resulted in the cell not receiving any complaints \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the last complaint related was made by a girl, a resident of Chas, on December 9, sources said. However, women police officers at the cell said women or girls in the city complaint more of being harassed by obscene phone calls or messages than in person. Of the 18 complaints made by victims to the cell since August, all are of related to lewd phone calls and text messages.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said harassment complaints are being taken seriously. He said: \"We will take stringent action against those who harass women. We will approach mobile firms to identify the miscreants making lewd calls on sending obscene messages. We will also ensure the identity of the complainant is not revealed.\"The department has launched a website \u00e2\u20ac\u201d samadhan.jhpolice.gov.in \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and set up an email address \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sp-bokaro@jhpolice.giv.in \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to make it easier for women to approach the police. DSP, headquarter, Mukund Singh will head the sexual harassment cell with officer incharge of Women police station, Pushplata, and other women police personnel will be a part of their team.'Tiger Mobile' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a police team that patrols the district on motorcycles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and police personnel in plain have also been directed to keep a strict vigil in vulnerable areas like schools, colleges, parks and other public places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699048", "title": "Old City girl skips hurdles to soar high in the skies", "text": "HYDERABAD: For Salva Fatima, a resident of Sultan Shahi, the flight to success was fraught with difficulties, criticism and frequent tests of patience. Now, four years and 201 flight hours later, the gritty 24-year-old has graduated perhaps as the first woman pilot from the Old City.In her uniform with striped flaps and the headscarf, Salva is a healthy blend of the traditional and modern. Right from her school days Salva had harboured the dream of manning the controls of an aircraft and flying into the horizon. And with each passing year, she came closer to realising her dream only to be turned away by the hefty fee on the prospectus of various aviation colleges and it was only by sheer coincidence four years ago when she ran into a prominent philanthropist and editor of a regional newspaper at a college who offered to fund her education.\"I had read that there were only two Indian woman pilots in 2003. I always wanted to do something different. My parents had no choice but to tell me to stop my education after Intermediate due to financial constraints,\" says Salva who graduated from the Andhra Pradesh Aviation Academy last week. \"They wanted me to get a free seat in engineering. Initially my family said that my future in aviation was impossible as the Rs 18 lakh fee was too steep for us to afford.\"She rues that aviation courses have become expensive and that coaching package of five subjects costs a whopping Rs 1.5 lakh. Salva's father was a baker in the Gulf but had to return after he suffered major injuries in his arm in a freak accident. She has three siblings and a mother who is a homemaker.Criticism about her career decision poured in from all quarters after the aviation industry took a nosedive with many people saying that she would not be able to get a job. Further, with many airlines making typerating (training to fly a particular aircraft) mandatory before applying, Salva says that road ahead continues to remain challenging.\"Typerating costs anything between Rs 20 lakh and Rs 25 lakh. Also, many airlines have fixed a written examination fee which runs into thousands,\" she observes. She is also a BSc graduate. Salva has flown the 2-seater Cessna 152A and the more advanced glass cockpit 4-seater Cessna 172R. She says that her dream is to fly the Boeing 777. Her commercial pilot licence is expected to arrive within a month, she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17700005", "title": "Were Assembly records tampered?", "text": "NAGPUR: Has the government ordered an enquiry against Thane municipal commissioner? The Opposition insists it did while the government says it has not.The lower house on Thursday witnessed uproar by opposition members who raised suspicions that records of the house proceedings could have been altered. The matter was related to the part of proceedings when the government specifically said it would institute an inquiry in some irregularities involving Thane municipal commissioner RA Rajiv. The peace was restored only after the house was assured that the allegation of records tampering would be probed in 24 hours.Raising the issue through a point of propriety, leader of the Opposition Eknath Khadse and Sena member Subhash Desai said the minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav had told the state Assembly during a discussion on supplementary demands on Tuesday that an enquiry would be instituted against the Thane municipal commissioner.The members had accused the Thane civic chief going on a foreign tour with family members while mentioning it as an official tour. He was also charged with several other irregularities, including spending Rs3 crore without the permission of the local body. The opposition members had demanded action against the officer. Bowing to the pressure, Jadhav is believed to have announced an inquiry into the allegations. However, opposition members claimed when they checked the house proceeding records on Thursday they found that the reference to any enquiry against Rajiv was missing.Khadse alleged it was deliberately deleted from the proceedings by the minister who was protecting the erring municipal commissioner. He also demanded to see a copy of the video recording of the proceedings.Jadhav, who was present in the house, denied that the proceedings were tampered with and asserted that he was ready for any inquiry in this regard. Incensed opposition members stormed into the well of the House and raised slogans against Jadhav that led the chair adjourning the proceedings for 15 minutes. When the house reassembled, deputy speaker Vasant Purke said in view of the seriousness of the issue an inquiry would be conducted immediately and the findings would be tabled in the house on Friday, the concluding day of the winter session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17701094", "title": "Denied ration card, man gets Rs 2,000 as compensation", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has directed a government official to pay a compensation of Rs 2,000 to a man who was denied a ration card though he submitted all relevant documents.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, taking exception to the inaction of the Villupuram district supply officer for the past 10 months in spite of a favourable recommendation from the taluk supply officer, said: \"The petitioner is denied ration card for 10 months due to which he is not able to get ration items.\"Era Thennarasu was a resident of Thaiyur village in Villupuram district, where his family had a ration card. After his marriage last year, he submitted relevant forms to local authorities to get his name deleted from the family card, so that he could apply afresh and obtain a new card for himself and his wife.Though he completed all formalities and submitted relevant documents like proof of identity and address, he did not get a ration card. On February 8 this year, the Gingee taluk supply officer recommended issuance of family ration cards to Thennarasu and 24 others.When the card was not issued eight months after the recommendation, he moved the high court. The matter came up before the court on October 31, and since then it was adjourned seven times so as to enable authorities to ha- nd over ration card to Thennarasu and others. After being prodded by the court, the district supply officer issued an order on December 14. But Thennarasu informed the court that the order was not in a prescribed format and hence he could not get any ration commodities.Justice Paul Vasanthakumar, directing the authorities to issue Thennarasu a printed ration card before January 4, 2013, asked the district supply officer to pay a compensation of 2,000. The matter has been adjourned to January 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17701943", "title": "CCE adding to stress: Teachers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Almost four years after the Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) introduced Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE), teachers are still straining to cope with the additional work load.According to Ritu Batish, a teacher at a private school, \"Whenever the board takes a decision to be implemented immediately, specific guidelines should be mentioned to make it easier to follow. Although the move is commendable, it has added to the stress level of teachers because of the considerable paper work involved. I feel CCE implementation should involve teachers too as we are the ones who give projects and work on it for hours.\"Anu Sharma, a teacher and resident of Sarabha Nagar said, \"Usually, a teacher's work starts at 8am and ends at 2pm. We bring work home only during the exams. But after the implementation of CCE, we spend hours vigilantly checking and evaluating students' work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17702153", "title": "Music fraternity shocked, margazhi shows cancelled", "text": "CHENNAI: The news of Carnatic vocalist Nithyasree Mahadevan's husband's suicide came as a shock to the music fraternity in the midst of the Margazhi season. Nithyasree was due to perform for Chennai Cultural Academy Trust at Rama Rao Kala Mantap on Thursday at 7pm. The trust cancelled the performance as soon as it heard the news. \"It is a great shock,\" said Bala Natarajan , secretary of Chennai Cultural Academy Trust. \"I spoke to her in the morning to discuss some details of the performance. We can only pray for the family now,\" she said.Nithyasree has about nine more concerts lined up for the rest of the season , having already performed for Brahma Gana Sabha, Thyaga Brahma Gana Sabha and Mylapore Fine Arts, among other sabhas.Arepresentative from the Music Academy , where she is due to perform on December 30, said they have a system in place to deal with emergencies and that they would find another singer.N Balasubramaniam, secretary of Brahma Gana Sabha, where Nithyasree performed on December 9, said he was extremely upset by the news. \"I met both of them last week when they came to our sabha,\" he said.Sabhas usually tweak their schedules and make changes if a singer is unable to perform. \"Even when legendary vocalist M S Subbulakshmi died, no sabha cancelled its programmes,\" said the secretary of a leading sabha.Musicians who know Nithyasree said they were saddened by the news. \"I had a concert in the morning and got the news when the concert got over and I am shocked,\" said Ghatam Karthick. \"I have known the family, from the time of Nithyasree's grandmother, the late Carnatic vocalist DK Pattammal.\" Violinist V V S Murari, who has been an accompanist for Nithyasree's concerts since their school days, said, \"It was shocking to hear the news. Music will give her strength in this difficult time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17703670", "title": "Erin Heatherton sticks to 'healthy diet'", "text": "Erin Heatherton has revealed that being a Victoria's Secret Angel has taught her about maintaining a good and healthy diet.The 23-year-old model asserts that she now understands that women need to eat healthily and exercise regularly to look good.''I've learned a lot about diet in my years of being an Angel. A mistake a lot of girls make is that they work out but don't eat enough. If you're not eating enough, all the work outs are doing, it's not going to show,\" Contactmusic quoted her as saying.''You could be doing a million butt lifts, but your butt is not going to get any bigger because there is nothing to build on. Your body needs food to make that happen,'' she added.Heatherton, who recently walked the catwalk in the lingerie show for the fifth time, said that she gets up at 6am to start with her exercise schedule in order to perfect her curves.''I work out twice a day, once in the morning and once before bed. I'll start with half an hour of running and then some yoga to stretch everything out so everything is warm,\" she said.\"In the evening I do butt lifts. It's important to be fit, but you shouldn't get too skinny. You need to have curves,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17700104", "title": "Civic bodies, traffic dept wakes up", "text": "JAIPUR: After witnessing an increase in the number of road accidents, the traffic department and civic bodies have finally geared themselves up to improve the traffic conditions in the city.Strategies for safe traffic movement have been chalked out by the traffic department and the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) for the accident-prone areas. On Thursday, the department and the civic bodies also made inspections at various places.To keep a check on traffic entering the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), dedicated corridor on Sikar roads, the department has proposed installation of automatic drop gates for the first time.The technique widely used on expressways and state highways will now be used as manual traffic management on routes where the traffic is difficult to manage. A senior JDA official said, \"On the 7-km BRTS route, there are 11 cuts and approximately 44 such gates will be installed. We have proposed to install drop gates to restrict unwanted traffic. In this regard, a survey will be conduct and two companies have been appointed.\"Officials claimed that sensor technique will be used and the drop gates will automatically open for buses while restricting other traffic. In the recent past, the number of accidents has increased on the BRTS route as many vehicles enter into the dedicated corridor.The JDA has also decided to prepare an action plan to reduce the traffic pressure from Ajmeri Gate to Narain Singh circle. On the approximately 2.8 km stretch, there are two colleges, a school and a hospital. Directions have been given to make a proper walkway for pedestrians after removing temporary encroachments.In the Ajmeri gate area, traffic congestion is created due to two petrol pumps situated on both sides of the road. \"Directions have been given to look into the possibilities of shifting these pumps and check when the land lease given to them is expiring,\" a JDA official said. As pedestrians are facing major problems in crossing the road in the area, the JMC was also directed to open the Ajmeri gate sub way and deploy two guards for the safety.The urban development and housing principal secretary too inspected the ongoing work on the B2 bypass on Thursday. On the 1,100 metre stretch from Dwarkadas Park to New Sanganaer road, the JDA will construct a 14-metre-wide road and 7-metre-wide slip lanes with 2-metre-wide green belts on either side.The JDA has also planned to construct six lanes and two cuts for the traffic.Following a Rajasthan high court order, the state government opened the B2 bypass to heavy vehicles on January 28. Residents along the bypass claimed that since then the gates of the colonies had been closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704197", "title": "I'd love to be part of dark comedies: Paresh Rawal", "text": "Versatile actor Paresh Rawal , known for being a part of clean comedy films, also enjoys the dark, sex comedies genre, which is fast becoming popular in Bollywood. He says he would love to be part of such films.\"I would love to be part of dark comedies. I love them! They are no-nonsense, no spoonfeeding, and the norms and cliches are left behind. It is something new. I would love to work in such films,\" Paresh told IANS.In the recent past, comedies like Delhi Belly, Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum, Phas Gaye Re Obama , found wide appreciation from the audience.Asked if he has been offered any such film, he said: \"I do get such offers, but I am looking for a good script. Sometimes I feel bad I lost out on a film like Phas Gaya Re Obama . I could not do because I was not happy with my part. I knew it was a good film, but I never visualised the film will be made like this. I enjoyed watching that film.\"Paresh has done various films, but he took comedy in Hindi films to a new level with films like Hera Pheri, Atithi Tum Kab Jaoge? and Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701487", "title": "Strike brings banking services to grinding halt", "text": "RANCHI: Over six thousand employees of 26 banks with affiliation to three major unions went on a strike on Thursday bringing banking activities to a halt. While private banks also pulled down their shutters to demonstrate solidarity, state banks extended moral support to the strike.The banks went on strike to protest against the government's decision to amend the Banking Regulations Act. General secretary of the state unit of All India Bank Employees' Association, YP Singh, said the banks would now take up the responsibility to make common people aware of the Centre's anti-people policies.As per amendment introduced recently, merger of banks would no longer require nod of Parliament, and instead, could be carried out through executive decision.Singh said on one hand the government is looking for ways to merge private banks and on the other nod is being given to industrial houses to open their own banks. \"This is a shift to capitalist economy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699557", "title": "VIP movement is smooth but citizens suffer roadblocks", "text": "NAGPUR: While the top cops can congratulate themselves on smooth VIP movement during the winter session, Nagpurians are unhappy with traffic bottlenecks. They say dozens of cops are deployed on traffic junctions close to Vidhan Bhavan and along roads leading to it but other parts are neglected. Traffic snarls were reported from various areas after restrictions were put for the ongoing winter session and political rallies.Long traffic jams were reported from areas like Central Avenue, Kingsway, Residency Road, Wardha Road and many more. Motorists say this has exposed the poor management of the situation by both - city police commissioner K K Pathak and deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Jivraj Dabhade. People angrily pointed out, \"Pathak can excuse himself saying he is new for city but what about others? What is DCP Traffic doing? Is the city new for him, too?\"TOI spotted schoolchildren stranded in autorickshaw waiting for long to return home. School vehicles, city buses and even ambulances got stuck in traffic jams caused by such roadblocks over the last 10 days. At junctions like LIC square on Kamptee road, we saw at least half a dozen cops, doing nothing. Shyamal Bagchi, a parent whose daughters are studying in a Sadar school said, \"due to ongoing assembly session my daughters are reaching home late every day.\"\"Every day there are huge traffic jams on Maharajbagh road, CTO road and Kingsway, which are the most important routes of city,\" complained a motorist Ashok Tayde. \"Kingsway leads to the railway station. imagine the plight of passengers who can't reach station in time... Imagine the problem of those working with private companies and have their salaries are deducted because of late attendance,\" he added.\"We already pay heavy taxes to get proper facilities. We pay road tax while buying a vehicle. Then why am I being deprived use of roads just because some ministers come for 'picnic'. We all know what happens in the assembly as it is covered live on media nowadays. Everyone is shouting and no one to listen. Do they have punishments for late coming,\" asked another angry motorist Deepak Solanki, who claimed this month he reached late office thrice after being stuck in traffic jams.Smita Hake, a marketing executive with private firm, missed a couple of meetings with clients. \"Now I fear it will affect my annual target and it means I may lose a part of my incentive too,\" she said. She also pointed out that due to frequent traffic jams, her fuel expenses had increased and \"companies don't give us extra just because there is an assembly session in city.\" \"These legislators don't have to pay from their pockets for petrol but due to frequent jams, my fuel expenditure has been almost doubled from last month,\" she said.Another annoyed motorist Vishal Sharma demanded the assembly should be taken outside the city limits or remain at Mumbai. \"We'll save on airfare for these ministers and bureaucrats and also on renovating MLA hostels and government guesthouses,\" he pointed out.Police chief K K Pathak admitted this was a problem and assured to look into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17700155", "title": "30 reverse osmosis plants set to come up", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government will soon set up 30 reverse osmosis plants in the fluoride affected districts of the state. The treated water will be given at subsidized rates (10 paisa per liter) and the project is likely to start form March next year.Speaking at a conference on \" Water Quality Management\" here on Thursday, Purshottam Aggarwal, principal secretary (public health and engineering department), announced that the government's pilot project is likely to start form Nagaur, Jaipur, Bhilwara, Tonk, Ajmer and Pali.\"We will launch this project which will provide pure drinking water at very economical rates. We will charge just 10 paisa per unit so that people do not waste water unnecessarily. The water will be as good as packaged drinking water,\" Aggarwal said.To embark upon a huge challenge of providing drinking water to seven crore population at 1,21131 habitation in the state, the government has targeted to spend Rs 10,000 crore in the next few years. Among the proposals, the government is considering to draw more water from Chambal River during monsoon. \"We have witnessed that Chambal River overflows during the rainy season. So we would bring that surplus water for our consumption. Otherwise the withdrawal is restricted to a certain limit,\" Aggarwal said. In a bid to provide drinking water to Udaipur district, the government will lift Mahi River water from the areas where there are no living populations. It also sets the target of shifting to surface water so that ground water could be left for recharging.\"Our aim is that 60-65% population of the state could get supply water through surface sources. Currently, we are drawing six litre of water from underground against one litre that goes inside,\" Aggarwal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699222", "title": "In the wake of Delhi gang rape, women in city equip themselves with stun guns", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ripples of the horrific gangrape of a 23-year-old paramedical student in Delhi are being felt in the city with many working women taking matters into their own hands by purchasing pepper sprays, stun guns and some even joining self-defence classes.\"I used to get around one inquiry in four days for pepper spray cans. Now I get at least two inquiries per day,\" said JP George, owner of a store that supplies Cobra Pepper spray and is making a brisk business. He adds that most of the customers inquiring for pepper sprays are young working women. Several BPOs have also approached him.Although popular belief suggests that Hyderabad is relatively a safer city, a recent data of the crime records bureau shows that the number of rape cases went from 40 in 2010 to 60 so far this year. Harassment cases too were on the rise, from 897 in 2009 to 1036 till November 2012. Some have gone a step further and opted for stun gun or taser with many women contacting suppliers in other cities as the product is hard to find here. \"We have received around 30 calls from Hyderabad in the last one month. Ever since the Guwahati molestation, there has been a 20% increase in the number of orders we get from cities like Hyderabad,\" said Satful Sonawane, owner of Security Planet in Pune. The lack of awareness about these products and the low availability are a cause of concern, said city women. \"You don't get pepper spray that easily here. This should be made available in the city. I have to hunt down a supplier of pepper spray and stun guns,\" said Niharika Rohella, an MNC employee and resident of Madhapur. Niharika further said that she and some of her friends had joined a self defence class to be ready to handle any situation.In light of recent events, including the Guwahati molestation, the recent gang rape and torture of a 23-year-old medical student in Delhi and closer home, rape of a five-year-old in Bidar, the city seems to have woken up to the problem.Colleges in the city too are organizing talks and seminars on women's safety. \"A small awareness programme is being organized in the college to talk about a few safety precautions that women can take,\" said Ankita Roy, student of St Francis Junior College, Secunderabad. At Loyola Degree College too, the management is planning to invite some activists and women's organizations to deliver a talk.The city police are also taking steps with a closer watch on women's hostels, colleges, theatres and isolated areas during the night. \"We have intensified patrolling in the city and we are even hiring vehicles to improve security checks,\" said D Tirumala Rao, commissioner, Cyberabad Police. \"Security will be intensified especially near IT hub, where a lot of women work in night shifts, CCTV cameras and permanent checkposts will be put up in areas like Cyber Towers, Raheja Mindspace etc,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17701362", "title": "Crimes against women rise in Varanasi zone", "text": "VARANASI: In the game of figures, the police registers of Varanasi zone depict a drop in the number of rape cases this year, but interestingly, also indicate that crimes against women have risen alarmingly.Only on Wednesday, two shocking cases, including that of an alleged gangrape of a woman at the waiting hall of a railway station in Mau district, and outraging the modesty of an 11-year-old girl by a primary school teacher in Varanasi came to light. The Varanasi cops showed promptness in initiating action against the guilty teacher by arresting him immediately. However, Mau cops say the allegation being leveled by a woman that she was raped by three persons after misleading her husband and in-laws is still to be verified. When SP Mau Jogendra Kumar was contacted on Thursday, he said, \"The complaint of the woman had been registered and she is also being sent for medical examination.\" But, he was not yet ready to consider it a case of gangrape and suspected that the allegation could have been leveled due to political rivalry of the sitting and former gram pradhans.The crime record of Varanasi zone police shows that a total of 109 cases of rape had been registered in Varanasi zone between January and December 15 while during the same comparative period, 141 rape cases had been recorded in 2011. As per this record, the number of rape cases increased only in Sonebhadra and Jaunpur districts of the zone if compared with past records.On the other hand, the number of cases of outraging the modesty of women increased in all other districts except Jaunpur in Varanasi range. If these records are to be believed, the problem of eve-teasing has reduced surprisingly in the zone. On the basis of the same records, IG Zone GL Meena is said to be claiming a reduced number of sexual crimes cases in the zone.However, an alarming rise is evident in other cases of crimes against women, including murder, kidnapping, harassment, chain-snatching and dowry killings. Till December 15, the total cases of murder of women had touched the mark of 67 in Varanasi zone while the figure was recorded as 50 in the same comparative period in 2011. Except Varanasi, Mau and Ballia, the rise in the number of cases of murder of women is alarming. A rise is also visible in the cases of harassment of women, which hints that the fairer sex is now showing courage to come forward against atrocities being committed against them either inside home or at the workplace.Police sources said that all the cases of elopement are registered as kidnapping in the cases of women. The nature of such cases also remained all-time high this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701302", "title": "Suspected HuJI activist arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: The officers of city police's Special Task Force (STF), on Wednesday, rounded up a suspected HuJI (Harkat Ul Jihad-e Islam) activist from the city.He has been identified as Mijanur Rehman, a native of Sangrampur village in North 24-Parganas close to Basirhat, a border town. Police claimed that Rehman, who is now in his mid-forties, was involved in shoe baron Partha Roy Burman's abduction in 2001. \"Rehman had played a crucial role. He was assigned to take Burman to the hideout at Haroa from CN Roy Road in Tiljala and he was in charge of the guards there,\" said an STF officer.Police also claimed that Rehman had been working for the terror outfit for long and was a close aide of Jalaluddin alias Babubhai, the outfit's eastern region chief. Both Babubhai and Rehman were wanted in the Khadim abduction case. tnnSTF officials said Mijanur had close links with key Indian Mujahideen leaders Amir Reza Khan and Khurram Khaiyam, who hail from the city and are prime accused in the Kolkata USIS attack.Still both remained elusive.Police said that Mijanur was active till the arrest of Babubhai in June 2007. \"During interrogation of Babubhai, Mijanur's name was cropped up. He confessed that Mijanur used to shuttle between India and Bangladesh and his role was to help HuJI activists to sneak into India. Police said that after arrest of Babubhai, Mijanur settled down in Bangladesh. From there he used to keep contact with all IM members active in Nepal and other places.Sources said that around a month ago, Mijanur Rehman again sneaked in India and initially he was in a hideout close to the border and then took refuge in Metiabruz area. Police suspect that he was in a bid to recruit fresh faces. The investigators are hoping that the accused will be able to provide some more detail about the elusive IM leaders and their network in and around India. For long police have reasons to believe that Amir Reza Khan has an excellent network in Nepal which mainly deal with the HuJI sleeper cells in eastern India. Earlier Indian intelligence agencies tried to bust Reza Khan's Nepal unit with the help of a rival of Dawood Ibrahim. But they failed. So police feel that Mijanur's arrest may bring some fresh clues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17700555", "title": "10 teams from Indore in Baja SAEINDIA '13", "text": "INDORE: A total of 6,000 engineering students are expected to attend the 6th edition of Baja SAEINDIA, which begins at Pithampur on 15 February. The event is being organized by Mahindra &amp; Mahindra in association with Society of Automotive Engineers (SAEINDIA).The finale would be held at NATRiP facility at Pithampur near Indore from February 15 to February 17, 2013.\"14 teams will be participating in the event. Out of them, 10 will be from Indore alone. Interestingly, there will be two teams exclusively of girls,\" said Mukesh Tiwari, DGM, M&M; Two Wheelers, while addressing the media here on Thursday.The event aims at providing an opportunity for young, enthusiastic and talented engineering students to showcase their passion for automobiles while encouraging them to conceive, design and fabricate 4-wheeled single-seater all-terrain vehicles. For the screening, 262 engineering colleges from across the country had competed in the virtual round where they presented their designs for the BAJA Buggy vehicle they wish to design for the final event.The event will be followed by an HR meet wherein automotive companies will be interviewing successful candidates as part of their recruitment drive, said Dr K C Vora, deputy director, ARAI Academy.Nirmal Matharu, convenor of the event, said, \"The participants will be tested for their theoretical knowledge put into practice while providing them a multitude of opportunities within the auto sector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17701423", "title": "Ocean survey espionage case weakened as French citizens fail to return", "text": "KOCHI: The Ocean survey espionage case, which sparked off many a political row, has been weakened with the French citizens accused in the case breaking their promise to return to India within five months. There is just one of the accused available for trial now.Of the four accused in the case, the court had acquitted the then tourism minister Kerala K V Thomas and granted the prayer of Francois Clavel of Paris and Elle Philippe of Madagascar , the French nationals accused of espionage, to visit their homeland.\"The trial is now being conducted for Furtado, the person hailing from Goa, who allegedly helped the French in conducting the survey for spying the naval installations. In the absence of the other accused, the case is being postponed inordinately. The French citizens' act has affected the case,\" said A X Varghese of Niyamasahayaved, who filed a petition seeking CBI inquiry into the incident in 1997.It was in 1996 that Galathee, the French yacht anchored off Kochi coast, was accused of spying, following which Kerala police took the French citizens into custody. \"The CBI had filed a chargesheet against four persons -- Francois Clavel, Elle Philippe, Furtado hailing from Goa and the then tourism minister K V Thomas,\" Varghese said.In 1997, the court granted the French citizens bail on surety of Rs 1 lakh. The court had directed them not to leave Kochi and to report at the CBI office in Kochi every day.Later, Francois and Elle moved the court, praying that they wanted to visit their homeland and promising that they would return soon.The French government wrote to the Union government on January 6, 1998, requesting the latter's help for their release. The next day, the Union government also instructed the CBI to give an undertaking to help their release. The court allowed the prayer of the French men and asked them to return by May 10, 1998.Meanwhile, the yacht that was under Coast Guard's custody began to rust.\"In 2004, the Coast Guard submitted a petition before the Ernakulam chief judicial court that they don't have the facility to keep the vessel. The CBI also submitted that it didn't have the facility to keep the vessel. The court ordered that the vessel should be auctioned and the amount generated should go to the state exchequer,'' said advocate Satheesan K P, who was the CBI counsel in the case. \"The vessel was auctioned and Rs 9 lakh generated from it was remitted in the public exchequer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17704159", "title": "Slowdown: Tata Comm to focus on cost reduction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tata Communications will focus on cost reduction and cost rebalancing across the portfolio due to uncertain global economic outlook, according to a top official of the company.\"... given the uncertainties in the near term global economic outlook, we will focus on cost reduction and cost rebalancing across the portfolio,\" Tata Communications Managing Director and group Chief Executive Vinod Kumar said in an interview to Tata group website.He said the company is \"at an inflection point\" in its journey, moving into the area of offering solutions and transformational capabilities to its customers.\"This will require us to rewire our thinking on how to approach the market, to double down in some technology and product areas,\" Kumar said.Tata Communications has recently cut down 300 jobs across global operations as part of its review to align business with current business need.On a query about challenges the company faces due to a changing telecom landscape, Kumar said having a business portfolio has its benefits, but it is a challenging task to create that portfolio and ensure that all parts of the portfolio get adequate attention.\"With associated issues such as surplus land and government equities, our hands are tied to some extent on how we can financially structure the company for optimal results. That is a challenge and, hopefully, it will get resolved in the coming quarter,\" he added.Asked about the growth strategy for the company's three businesses: voice, data and mobility services, and enterprise solutions, Kumar said voice will continue to be a high-volume business for the company while there is huge opportunity for growth in providing data services.\"The fastest growth will be in the enterprise business. This will occur through a combination of offering services to enterprises to transform their businesses using the power of networks and IT, and building industry-specific applications in areas such as banking, media, entertainment and healthcare,\" he said.On its investments in South Africa (Neotel) and Sri Lanka (Tata Communications Lanka), Kumar said the company's strategy is to create secondary or shadow home markets in emerging markets to serve as anchors for its global and cross-border connectivity business.\"In 2011-12 it (Neotel) posted a 25 per cent year-on-year growth in revenues and turned profitable at the operating level,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17701717", "title": "Policeman 'misbehaves' with tribal woman", "text": "KEONJHAR: Fresh allegations of policemen misbehaving with tribal women in Keonhjar's Daitari police station area rocked the tribal community here on Thursday. A similar incident was reported from the same area a few days ago.Though the latest incident took place on December 14, a complaint was lodged on Thursday. According to the complaint lodged by the tribal women, a group of policemen had gone to Kushapada village in Daitari police station area for a combing operation. They went to the house of one Gulia Murmu and asked for water. When Gulia went out of his home to fetch water, a cop allegedly misbehaved with Sabita, his wife. The couple's two kids were also present in the house at the time.The family first did not dare lodge a complaint against a cop. But once the news spread in the village, villagers decided to lodge a formal complaint. They took Sabita to the Brahamanipal outpost and lodged a complaint on Thursday.T Nayak, a sub inspector of Daitari police station, said, \"The complaint was received at the Brahmanipal outpost. We will look into the incident. Action will be taken against whoever is found guilty.\"Jagdish Baske, a tribal leader, said, \"Police atrocity on tribals, particularly women, is on the rise in Keonjhar. We will wait for police to take action against the offender. If proper steps are not taken, we will stage protest.\" A few days back, policemen allegedly misbehaved with three tribal women and a tribal woman in the name of Maoist hunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701613", "title": "Centre to revisit norms for funds' devolution", "text": "PATNA: In what is considered the first breakthrough achieved by Bihar in persuading the Centre to give special consideration to the state to overcome its multiple development deficit, the Union government has agreed to revisit the criteria for devolution of resources to backward states like Bihar.The finance ministry's response on this issue came on Thursday in reply to a starred question in the Rajya Sabha from JD-U's N K Singh relating to fiscal concessions for investment in Bihar.Further, in reply to a supplementary put by Singh, finance minister P Chidambaram said Bihar was behind the national average not only in terms of per capita income but also on other parameters of growth, particularly education, health, infrastructure and per capita energy availability to mention a few. He said the general principle of equity must be that no state was left behind in the development process.While admitting that there was need to revisit the criteria for devolution of funds so that a state like Bihar is not left behind in relation to other states, Chidambaram said the current thinking was to make devolution and give fiscal concession based on terrain, population density and level of infrastructure (of a state).In reply to another supplementary, the finance minister said he was not sure if there would be enough time at the next meeting of the National Development Council on December 27 to discuss this issue, since the meeting has been primarily called to adopt the 12th Five-Year Plan. However, he promised that this issue would be part of the brief of the 14th Finance Commission which is likely to be constituted very soon. In addition, the finance ministry , Planning Commission and other ministries would also review the modalities for implementing a revised criteria.Bihar has been agitating for the grant of special category state status for several years and recently chief minister Nitish Kumar had called on the Prime Minister and handed over a letter to him analysing the factors for Bihar's backwardness and listing the policy changes necessary for bringing Bihar's economy up to the national average. The CM had also met the Union finance minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699992", "title": "Now, CM says no to extending session", "text": "NAGPUR: After deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, it's now the turn of CM Prithviraj Chavan to rule out any extension of the ongoing winter session as demanded by the opposition benches as well as those from Vidarbha. Speaking to TOI, the CM said an extension would put a lot of officials and bureaucrats to inconvenience owing to railway and hotel reservations. \"Even I have many assignments and have to go to Delhi and other places. It would not be possible to extend the session,\" he said.After confirmation from the top two men in the government, it is clear that working of legislature in the city will end on Friday. The opposition members have criticised the government and demanded extension of the session by at least a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17700318", "title": "Congress takes heart in Himachal win", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704449", "title": "Surprise in Best of Luck Nikki", "text": "The entire Singh Family from Best of Luck Nikki will bring in this New Year with a big surprise! Gurdeep Kohli , who plays Himani Singh, the mother, said, \"I am so excited about the finale episode. This New Year is going to be really special for the entire Singh family. We have a huge surprise which is absolutely unexpected but bound to bring in a holiday cheer to all our fans. This hi surprise is bound to leave everyone awestruck.\" This family comedy centers around the everyday trials, tribulations and triumphs of a busy family of six. The viewer gets to witness what happens in the Singh household through their joyful misadventures as they learn to take care of Nikki and bond together as a family. In this New Year's special episode, Himani and Dolly are in Jaipur for a weekend trip, the boys, Sunny and Rohan, are having a blast at home. They are even more thrilled when they hear that their mother's arrival has been delayed owing to a curfew being announced in the country. The boys' party comes to an end, when Himani's Parents, show up at the Singh House, and they realize Nikki is missing!! Where has Nikki gone? Will the family be able to find Nikki? And what is the big surprise?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701383", "title": "Crackdown on cars with tinted glasses", "text": "RANCHI: The rape and assault of a 23-year-old in Delhi has prompted Ranchi police to step up security measures. The police are cracking down on vehicles with tinted glasses and penalizing owners.Ranchi SP (city) Vipul Shukla said, \"I have asked the officer in-charge of the traffic police station start a drive against those who use tinted glasses in their vehicles.\"All the 30 city traffic posts have been directed to stop any vehicle with tainted glasses and remove the glasses. The fine is between Rs 400 and Rs 500. In 2011, 84 women were raped in Ranchi as against 66 till October 2012.Many people in the city use tinted glasses in their vehicles and SUVs without dark glasses are rare here. \"Those who buy SUVs are generally well-connected people and thus we avoid checking them. In many cases, owner of a vehicle uses flag of a certain political party to avoid the cops,\" said a policeman, who did not wish to be named.K K Jha, officer in-charge traffic police station, said, \"We have received instructions on Thursday and all traffic posts have been alerted. Cops at points in the city where there are no posts have also been asked to keep vigil.\"The district transport department said 22,490 cars have hit Ranchi roads in the last three years. \"Around 100 vehicles have been fined for violating tint laws,\" said traffic SP C S Prasad. The Motor Vehicle Act 1989 says no black reflective or dark glass can be used in vehicles. However, the law permits ferms to use tinted glasses with 70% visual transmission of light from windscreen and rear window and 50% visual transmission of light from side windows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17699824", "title": "Competitive balance is key to sports", "text": "BANGALORE: In American football, for every new season, teams pick players in reverse-record order. This means that the previous season's worst team gets to pick first and obviously drafts the best player of the lot. The Super Bowl winner picks last. In other words, competitive balance plays out here - there's a check on teams' payrolls and also on players asking for more.This parity in competition in the sporting world was the burden of renowned economist Allen Sanderson's talk on 'The Business and Economics of Sports, at the first International Harper Lecture on Wednesday. Economics and sports complement each other but unlike the cut-throat race in the corporate world, sporting disciplines maintain stability through competitive balance, he said.A senior lecturer with the Department of Economics at University of Chicago, Sanderson said that features such as drafts, relegation and seeding ensure this parity. The lecture was organized by the University of Chicago Alumni Association and UChicago Alumni Clubs of Bangalore.\"Similarly, it can be seen through relegation in EPL, La Liga and various soccer leagues around the world. In wrestling and boxing it's seen in the various weight categories. In tennis, this balance is brought about by seeding. Serena Williams may be the best woman player, but there will be 2,000 men who can defeat her. So, segregation on the basis of gender is introduced to make it more interesting \"said Sanderson.Integrity, ability and luck play a crucial role in a sportsperson's intention to perform, he further said. \"There's always the question - is he or she trying to win or trying too hard to win?\" Sanderson opined. \"Integrity was questioned when eight badminton players at the London Olympics were disqualified for trying to lose. When sportspersons try too hard to win, they resort to steroids and performance-enhancing drugs, such as the case with Lance Armstrong ,\" he told the gathering of former UChicago students and sports enthusiasts.Luck dominates events such as the prestigious Kentucky Derby , where the fate of the horses are decided on draws. \"In the last 26 years, the favourite horse has won only twice. Everything depends on the draws, the gate you get. First and 16th leave you with no chance and luck decided whether you are drawn the middle lanes. At the London Games, Michael Phelps swam almost all races on lane 4. In this case however, ability trumps luck since you get the lanes on how fast you were in the qualifying races,\" Sanderson remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17700517", "title": "Law institute yet to report ragging of student", "text": "INDORE: After the ragging incident tossed up at the Indore Institute of Law, the institute constituted a three-member anti-ragging panel to probe the matter. However, on Wednesday, the institute could not furnish the documents pertaining to constitution of anti-ragging cell, which is mandatory for all institutes to curb ragging.While the institute authorities continued to cover-up the matter calling it a scuffle between two students of same class, the institute director Akshay Bamb asserted that it is too early to say whether it is ragging or brawl between two students.The institute administration on Thursday recorded a statement from the victim as well as all three students involved in the incident to take appropriate action. When asked if the institute had informed the university's proctorial board about the incident, Bamb said, \"We have already informed the university about the incident.\" However, Prof Rajiv Dixit -secretary of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) proctorial board, denied any such intimation from the institute.DAVV public relation officer Prof Man Singh Parmar said that the institute is bound to inform the university within 24 hours as it is an affiliate.On December 14 and 15, one student Revat Singh Raghuvanshi was allegedly beaten up by his two seniors and a classmate. The incident, however, came to light only on Wednesday. When his friend Shashank Kohli tried seeking the reason for this beating, the accused thrashed him too, after which the former registered a FIR against Abhijeet Yadav, Yashraj Tiwari and Zaid Menon- students of the institute. On Wednesday, students' union leaders and Raghuvanshi's parents met the institute management, registered their protest and submitted a written complaint to the institute authorities.Varsha Sharma, a student leader, said, \"The student was beaten up twice. Seniors ragged him and beat him up severely. He was again beaten when he tried complaining about the incident to institute authorities the next day. He did not attend classes out of fear for the next three days and told his parents about the incident. We talked to his parents and registered a complaint with the institute.\"The institute should file a FIR against the accused students as per the Supreme Court directive, Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701463", "title": "Student unions protest at Ranchi University senate meeting", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi University (RU) senate meeting received flak from the members of all the students' unions in the city. Members of the students' unions protested against the meeting on Thursday by displaying their resentment against the way the election of a member from the students' union was completely avoided.A student representative has not been elected through the students' union election but was nominated by the vice-chancellor.Members of various students' unions adopted different ways to protest against the nomination. All Jharkhand Students' Union (AJSU) protested by waving black flags, shouting slogans such as 'senate members go back' and burning copies of Ranchi University Act 2000.Members of Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh (JCS), Jharkhand Chhatra Morcha (JCM) and National Students' Union of India (NSUI) organized their own 'senate meeting' at the university gates.Member of AJSU, Harish, said, \"It is clearly written in the Ranchi University Act 2000, that the student representative of senate should be elected through voting, which has not been followed. As a part of the protest we showed black flags to all members of the senate and burnt the copies of the Act.\"After the senate meeting started at Maulana Azad Senate Hall of RU, another 'senate meeting' started at the main gate of RU by JCS, JCM and NSUI members. In this meeting, various members of the students' unions acted like members of the senate and the vice-chancellor.President of JCS, S Ali, said, \"We organized this meeting to keep forth the problems faced by the students of RU which we are sure was not discussed in the meeting going on inside. We discussed 10 point agenda in the meeting and the decision taken by us has been sent to the governor so that he looks into them and if possible implements them.\"The major agenda discussed in the meeting conducted by the students' union were regarding RU students' union elections, reducing the various types of fees in the colleges under RU, taking back the autonomous status of Ranchi College, Ranchi Women's College and Marwari College as they are not doing anything for the welfare of the students.Another important decision taken in the meeting was starting courses on tribal, regional and Urdu languages in all the minority colleges of RU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699635", "title": "Pachgaon miner seeks anticipatory bail", "text": "NAGPUR: Even before the investigating officer could file court cases against violators for mining on forest land in Pachgaon, one of the quarry owners has sought anticipatory bail. The matter is slated for hearing on Friday.During a survey to demarcate its boundaries, the Nagpur forest division staff unearthed cases of three mining firms who were quarrying on forest land. Primary offence reports (PORs) were registered against Anil Bhabde, Gurmeetsingh Chawla and Ajay Jaswani. The trio had encroached on 10.51 hectare forest land to mine.\"Bhabde was not cooperating in the inquiry and did not reply to the notices issued to him. Only after he sought anticipatory bail on December 14, he appeared before us to record statements,\" said the investigating officials.Meanwhile, the forest survey continued and more action is expected against fresh violations this week, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17698898", "title": "Shiv Sena shelves plan to rename Shivaji Park; BMC fences garden plot", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena signalled yet another climbdown on Bal Thackeray's memorial by shelving plans to rename Shivaji Park as Shiv Tirth but the issue stayed on the simmer with a section of BMC officials fencing the plot demanded by the Sena to set up a garden before the municipal commissioner had taken a call on it.On Thursday morning, a notice of motion moved by standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale, asking the administration to rename Shivaji Park as Shiv Tirth, was on the agenda in the general body meeting at BMC.But Shewale chose to remain absent and the notice wasn't taken up. Sources told TOI that Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray doesn't want to court any further controversy where Shivaji Park is concerned.In another development the same morning, the civic body fenced the plot that the Sena has sought to set up a garden in memory of Bal Thackeray with steel sheets and bamboos. The move seemed unusual because municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte is yet to grant administrative approval for the garden. Kunte had told TOI on Wednesday that he was yet to give a go-ahead for execution of landscaping work on that plot.A senior civic official said the fencing was to prevent any encroachment by Sainiks. \"They could place a photograph of their departed leader or they could build anything on that plot,\" said the official. Rapid intervention vehicles of the police are present round-the-clock near the Veer Savarkar Marg-facing 20x40 sq ft plot that Sainiks had marked out with chalk on Wednesday. The Sena had brought a truck with grass strips and bamboos and steel sheets to fence the plot, but were turned away by the policemen present.After the Sena's spectacular climbdown on the memorial issue, many parties are now amenable to the garden plan.\"The Sena's decision to shift the samadhi sthal was a wise move. Everyone is appreciating the Sena for respecting public sentiment and handling the situation without creating any law and order problem. Now that the Sena has climbed down, those opposing the memorial too should be amenable to the saffron party's demand for a smaller structure within the park,\" said a BJP functionary.The Raj Thackeray-led MNS and the Congress and NCP, too, do not seem opposed to the new proposal. But they have a rider. \"If the Sena's demand fits in the rules, there is no reason to object to the proposal. But we will not support any illegal activities,\" an MNS leader said.Echoing him, an MLA of the ruling Democratic Front said: \"We understand the emotional attachment of the Sainiks to late Balasaheb Thackeray. But no party should take a decision based on sentiment. Especially, the party that controls the civic body should not push for any illegal activity as it will not only send a wrong signal but even set wrong precedents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17700997", "title": "Dog hospital gets a cool facelift", "text": "KOLKATA: Old and frail stray dogs in the city will now be spared the winter chills. The health department of Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) opened its doors to an old age cum healthcare centre for stray dogs at Dhapa on Thursday. The civic body which had taken over the dog hospital from an NGO has given a facelift to the hospital.The centre has 250 cages for dogs that may fall ill owing to old age. Besides, the civic health officials may also pick up dogs from the streets to sterilize and vaccinate them.With three modern operation theatres and an expert team of veterinary surgeons and paramedics, the hospital can operate on 900 dogs every month, said Atin Ghosh, the member, mayor-in-council who opened the dog hospital at Dhapa.The hospital will be operated by KMC alone. \"We will build the required infrastructure to run the hospital,\" added Ghosh. Debasis Sen, the officer-on-special duty (health), has been appointed as the nodal officer for upkeep and functioning of the hospital.Swapan Debnath, the state minister for small scale and cottage industries, who was present at the opening, said his department will supply winter garments to the dogs of the hospital. MLA Debasree Roy said dogs should be picked up only after verifying if they are really mad.City's stray dogs finally have an old age home cum healthcare centre. The Kolkata Municipal Corporation health department which had taken over the dog hospital at Dhapa from an NGO has renovated it and opened it for the stray dogs. There are 250 cages for the dogs who may fell ill because of the old age or the KMC health department officials may have to pick them up from streets for sterilization and vaccination.The hospital has three modern operation theatre for street dogs which will be used for sterilization. A team of veterinary surgeons and para medics can operate 900 dogs every month at these operation theatres, said Atin Ghosh, the member, mayor-in-council who opened the dog hospital at Dhapa after its facelift.Swapan Debnath, the state minister for small scale and cottage industries who was present at the function on Thursday extended his helping hand.Debnath said that his department would supply winter garments for the dogs of the hospital and will also take care of their food for sometime.Debnath has given a one and a half bigha land to Debasree Roy, the Trinamool Congress MLA and an animal activist at Purbasthali in Burdwan district for setting up of an old age home for the stray dogs.Speaking on the occasion, Ghosh said that the KMC would run the dog hospital on its own as a section of NGOs had started doing business using the space and infrastructure of the civic body.\"We will build the required infrastructure to run the hospital,\" Ghosh said.Ghosh has appointed Debasis Sen, the officer-on-special duty(health) as the nodal officer for upkeep of the dog hospital and look after the functioning of the hospital. Speaking on the occasion, Debasree Roy said that the KMC should pick up dogs from streets only after judging whether a dog has gone really mad or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701405", "title": "Two arrested in 2009 jewellery store heist case", "text": "AURANGABAD: Anti-terrorist cell of city crime branch have arrested two accused including one goldsmith on Thursday night and have claimed to solve the three year-old Vyankatesh Jewellery shop heist, in which the burglars had fled away with 32 kg silver and 665 grams of gold in 2009.Speaking to TOI, deputy commissioner of police (headquarter) said, \"On the night of June 7, 2009 unidentified thieves had burgled Vyankatesh Jewellery shop and had fled away with the 32 kgs of silver and 665 grams of gold. The accused first broke in to a neighbouring shop which was lying vacant for some time, after which they broke the common wall and entered the jewellery shop.\"The case remained undetected until sub inspector Deinesh Sonawne of ATC and his team arrested one of the accused identified as Sajed Khan Ghulam Rasool Khan, a resident of Naregaon and jeweller Popat Rajaram Dhage, who has allegedly purchased the stolen silver and gold from the accused, added Gharge.The main accused identified as Manoj along with two others hailing from Brijwadi are still at large and will soon be arrested. Gharge also said that Sajed, has at least 4 to 5 cases previously registered against him but as not been involved in any criminal activity now.Two months ago, we received a tip off that Sajed along with his three other friends had committed the jewellery shop burglary. We started tracking Sajed's movements but did not get anything substantial. It was only recently we confirmed their alleged involvement in the burglary. We detained Sajed, who informed that the metals were sold to Dhage, from whom 10 kg of silver and 40 grams of gold was recovered, said sub inspector Sonawne.The complaint in this case was lodged by Jaiprakash Ramhari Devkar, a resident of Gulmohar colony at the Cidco police station.Sajed originally from Malda district of West Bengal was identified as Vishwajeet Kumar Tiwari 1999. He has been staying at Naregaon on the outskirts of the city for last 13 years. He is a small time scrap dealer and had committed the crime to meet the basic needs of his family, the police said.Sajed in the presence of the cops said, \"Recently, I married off my daughter, following which I was under a debt of around Rs 40, 000. My wife is ill, my leg got fractured recently and I begged to feed my family and these all are the reasons that made me commit the theft.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700366", "title": "HC directs state authorities to modernise Green Park", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court has directed the state authorities to release the requisite funds and undertake and complete work for modernisation of Kanpur's Green Park stadium, so that the stadium could be prepared to host international cricket matches.The court has summoned the action taken report on January 10, 2013. The court further directed the principal secretary sports and youth welfare to produce statement of accounts in respect of the funds received from Band the state government for renovation and maintenance work.The court also directed the principal secretary sports and youth welfare and the secretary of UPCA to remain present in court during next hearing. The order came from a division bench comprising Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit on a public interest litigation filed by a Lucknow-based lawyer SK Mishra.The petitioner has stated that the state government has authority over the Green Park stadium and its maintenance and security is done by the Uttar Pradesh Cricket Association. The Board of Cricket Control in India had released Rs 34 crore in 2010 for modernisation of the stadium. However, the work was not done in satisfactory manner and even the fund was not fully utilised by the concerned authorities.The petitioner further said that a cricket match involving Australia during its forthcoming 2013 tour was earlier proposed, but after an Australian delegation toured the stadium and found it lacking in basic infrastructure and facilities to host an international cricket match, the proposal to host the match was withdrawn. The poor maintenance by the state authorities has brought defame for the cricket lovers in the state, said the petitioner.In the PIL, the petitioner has demanded that the responsibility of the guilty officials be fixed as to why they have not modernised the stadium and utilised the BCCI fund in proper manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17701387", "title": "Kochi Metro's land acquisition challenged in court", "text": "KOCHI: The notification issued for acquiring land for the Kochi Metro rail project is being challenged by a land owner from Kadavanthra at the Kerala high court.The petitioner, K S Kadar Pillai of Royal Lane, has alleged that his land with frontage on the MG Road has been recorded as land with frontage to a bylane in the notification with the aim of depriving him of his actual land value.Kadar Pillai owns 25 cents of land at MG Road, with the property having 50 metres of frontage on the MG Road itself. For the Metro rail project, 1.5 cents of his land was notified for acquisition.In the notification, his land is being shown as having frontage to an adjacent bylane called Chinmayananda Swami Road.The district collector is going forward with steps for acquiring the land without cancelling the notification. If such an action is allowed, it would result in heavy financial loss to the petitioner due to the difference in compensation being paid for land with frontage on MG Road and other land, the petition filed through advocate T R S Kumar said. The market value fixed by the land acquisition officer for dry land with frontage on the MG Road is Rs 31.01 lakh per cent whereas for land with frontage on Chinmayananda Swamy Road is Rs 25.42 lakh, the petitioner points out. In addition to the basic compensation, land owners would get solatium at 30% of the land value and 12% as additional market value.Thus, the total loss to the petitioner runs into many lakhs, the petition alleges.The notification and categorization of land has been vitiated by non-application of mind by the land acquisition officer, amounting to miscarriage of justice. In such circumstances, the notification issued for taking over the petitioner's land should be quashed, the petition stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17702152", "title": "Rourkela Steel Plant records ladle life of 100 heats", "text": "ROURKELA: The Steel Melting Shop-I (SMS-I) of Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP) achieved a major milestone with registering a record steel ladle life of 100 heats on December 15, 2012. With regular effort through research and development to improve ladle life of heats, which was as low as 40 heats during 2007-08, the plant has achieved the feat.According to RSP sources, till the year 2007-08, the ladle life in the SMS I used to be around 40 heats. After the innovative introduction of full Mag-Carbon lining, the average ladle life improved to as high as 50 heats in 2008-09. Since then, many improvements have been implemented in the areas of operation and refractory practice, which has resulted in achieving average life of 80 to 100 heats at present.Sources said the improvement in ladle life from 50 heats to 100 heats has resulted in a decrease in the specific consumption of refractories in SMS-I ladles from 12.99 kg per tonne of crude steel in 2007-08 to the present level of 8.56 kg per tonne. Accordingly, specific cost has come down from Rs.263.73 per tonne to Rs.243.90 in spite of substantial increase in the price of refractories of late. On an average, as a result of this improvement, RSP will be saving around Rs. 7.2 lakh per month, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17700410", "title": "Himachal election result: Resurgent Virbhadra saves the day for Congress", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "17700502", "title": "Faridabad man 'rapes' girl in Bijnor", "text": "FARIDABAD: A report was filed in Old Faridabad after a man accused his landlord for allegedly raping his daughter in Bijnor, Uttar Pradesh . Initially, police had refused to file an FIR as the rape had allegedly taken place in UP, but they later registered a report. According to the complainant, the accused landlord had taken his daughter to Bijnor for a family function and had raped her there.The accused had reportedly booked a hotel room in Bijnor. After checking in, he gave a drink to the girl which was laced with sedatives. Following this, the girl fell unconscious, was raped and filmed by him. After gaining cautiousness, she was threatened and asked to obey the man or else the film would be made public, stated the report. The matter came to light when the girl's father came to know and approached the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17703698", "title": "Digvijaya Singh gets bail in defamation case filed by Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh was today granted bail by a Delhi court in connection with a criminal defamation case filed against him by BJP president Nitin Gadkari .Singh appeared before metropolitan magistrate Sudesh Kumar in pursuance to the summons issued against him by the court on November 17 and the judge granted bail to him on a personal bond of Rs 50,000 and a surety of the like amount.Outside the court, Singh told reporters that he will now prove all his charges against Gadkari.\"Now I can say everything in front of the court the way Gadkari has worked as a businessman and how he has links with various other businessmen, which all companies of his were fake and how he earned profits,\" he said.The court after finding \"prima facie\" evidence against Singh had directed him to appear before it to face trial for the offence punishable under section 499 (defamation) and 500 (punishment for defamation) of the IPC.The defamation case was filed by Gadkari against the Congress general secretary who had allegedly accused him of having business links with his party MP Ajay Sancheti.It was also alleged in the complaint that Singh accused Gadkari of pocketing huge sum to the tune of Rs 490 crore in the coal block allocation to Sancheti.Gadkari, in his statement recorded in the court, had denied having any business ties with Sancheti and had said Singh levelled \"totally false and defamatory\" allegations against him to \"give the impression that I have been responsible for allocation of the coal mines\" to Sancheti.The BJP leader, in his petition filed through advocate Ajay Digpaul, had sought Singh's prosecution under sections 499 and 500 of the IPC.The court had also said Singh will have the opportunity to put his defence during the trial.In his petition, Gadkari had alleged that Singh had levelled defamatory allegations against him to lower his dignity in the public at large and it was made with wrongful intent to malign and tarnish his image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17702025", "title": "Our hands evolved for fighting", "text": "WASHINGTON: Human hands may have built the Taj Mahal and adorned the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel with glorious art, but researchers have found they evolved \u00e2\u20ac\u201d not just for manual dexterity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but primarily for fighting.Compared with apes, humans have shorter palms and fingers and longer, stronger, flexible thumbs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d features that have been long thought to have evolved so our ancestors could make and use tools, a new study has found.For a University of Utah study, men whacked punching bags, suggesting human hands evolved not only for the manual dexterity needed to use tools, play a violin or paint a work of art, but so men could make fists and fight.\"The role aggression has played in our evolution has not been adequately appreciated,\" said University of Utah biology David Carrier, author of the study.\"There are people who do not like this idea, but it is clear that compared with other mammals, great apes are a relatively aggressive group, with lots of fighting and violence, and that includes us,\" Carrier said.\"We are the poster children for violence\" . Humans have debated for centuries \"about whether we are, by nature, aggressive animals ,\" he added.As our ancestors evolved, \"an individual who could strike with a clenched fist could hit harder without injuring themselves, so they were better able to fight for mates and thus more likely to reproduce ,\" he said.Fights also were for food, water, land and shelter to support a family , and \"over pride, reputation and for revenge,\" he added.\"If a fist posture does provide a performance advantage for punching , the proportions of our hands also may have evolved in response to selection for fighting ability, in addition to selection for dexterity,\" Carrier says.Carrier and co-author Michael H Morgan conducted their study to identify any performance advantages a human fist may provide during fighting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700785", "title": "PMC yet to recover Rs 4 crore spent on demolition drives", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has spent about Rs 4 crore on demolishing illegal structures since January, 2012, but has failed to recover any of this money from the developers.Rajendra Raut, executive engineer of the building department, said, \"Illegal constructions spread over 13 lakh sq ft across the city have been demolished since January this year. Total 1,560 illegal structures, including residential and commercial properties, have been razed so far,\" he said.Raut said the expenses on each demolition drive differed depending upon the machinery used. \"On an average, Rs 30 was spent for per sq ft of demolition, so in total the civic administration has used around Rs 4 crore. However, we have not been able to recover the money yet,\" he said.Expenses on demolition includes the money spent on manpower and machinery which varies as per the size of the building. It can range from Rs 20,000 to Rs 2 lakh per construction. Other expenses include payment to contract labourers, hiring excavators, transportation, communication, surveys of illegal buildings, paper work and staff expenses. Indirect expenses include police protection to the squad during the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701539", "title": "Munda cancels Johar Yatra in North Chotanagpur Division", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Thursday cancelled his proposed Johar Yatra in North Chotanagpur Division amidst rising differences with the alliance partners, particularly, with the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM).Munda was to start his four-day road tour on Friday morning and cover Ramgarh, Hazaribag, Chatra and Koderma districts. In the first two legs of the tour, he visited districts of Singhbhum and Kolhan, bwesides those in South Chotanagpur Division.Sources close to the chief minister said that yatra had been cancelled as the chief minister was to meet senior party leaders in Delhi on Friday and discuss the state's political situation \"The JMM has been pressing the BJP to make its stand clear on the 28-month power-sharing agreement according to which Munda has to resign and pave the way for the JMM to head the government.\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17701264", "title": "Opposition stalls assembly", "text": "RAIPUR: Opposition Congress legislators on Thursday, trooped into the well of the Chhattisgarh Vidhan Sabha to stall proceedings of the House, demanding a debate into the controversy over state Mineral Development Corporation (CMDC) handing over its two coal blocks to a BJP leader's Nagpur based firm for development and exploration of the mines.The House witnessed slogan shouting and noisy scenes as the opposition pressed for taking notice of adjournment motion on allocation of Bhatgaon and Shankarpur extension II coal blocks to SMS Infrastructure, a firm owned by BJP leader Ajay Sancheti, who is allegedly considered close to a senior BJP leader. The speaker announced suspension of opposition members for protesting from the well of the House under the provisions of a rule that provides for automatic suspension of members for misconduct.Raising the issue during the zero hour, Nand Kumar Patel (Congress) alleged that the documents were manipulated to favour the Nagpur based firm by handing over two coal blocks, which were originally allocated to state mineral development corporation. Claiming that the deal has caused heavy loss to the state exchequer, he alleged that the CMDC split one coal block into two and handed them over to the Nagpur based firm.Legislative affairs minister Brijmohan Agrawal said the matter was pending for consideration into the Supreme Court hence it cannot be discussed in the house.Mohammad Akbar (Congress) described the coal block deal as a plunder of the state's rich natural resources saying that the joint venture agreement between the CMDC and SMS Infrastructure was heavily loaded in favour of the private firm as the CMDC, despite holding majority 51 % share, has agreed to have the private firm's representative as its managing director. Ajit Jogi (Congress) also pressed for a debate saying that there have been massive irregularities in the deal.Leader of the opposition Ravindra Choubey said, \"Everyone knows the firms links with senior BJP leader\" adding that the state government must come clean on the coal deal.However, speaker Dharamlal Kaushik said he had already disallowed the motion and it cannot be taken up for a debate. Agitated opposition raised slogans and also trooped into the well of the house, leading to their suspension. Later, the speaker revoked their suspension and asked the opposition to return to the House so that it could take up the remaining business, including an official resolution that urges the centre to exempt Chhattisgarh from its proposed cash subsidy transfer scheme.As the opposition did not return, the speaker adjourned the House for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17702230", "title": "Investment seminar begins today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The third symposium of 'Invest Bhubaneswar: Connecting Odisha,' en event to promote investment in the state, will begin in Bhubaneswar on Friday.The focus areas of the forthcoming symposium are finance and funding, IT, green technology and the emerging sector of educational animation. Reputed professionals from these fields will share their experience and knowledge in the four technical sessions of the conference on December 22, a press release said. S Das from Frost and Sullivan, Singapore, Ravi Tyagi, CEO, BSE SME Exchange, Rajeev Jain from Indian Semiconductor Association, Rajesh Khele, founder director, Animationwala.com, are scheduled to speak at the programme. Senior executives from Nasscom, National Small Industry Corporation and SIDBI are also expected to join, a press release said.Invest Bhubaneswar (IB) was conceptualized as an event to hardsell Odisha as a major investment destination in sectors like IT, tourism and hospitality, higher education, energy and infrastructure with emphasis on eco-friendly technology and applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17699925", "title": "Cops plan self-defence course for girls", "text": "JAIPUR: Shaken to consciousness by the national uproar over the gang rape of a 23-year-old girl in Delhi, the Jaipur police has mooted a slew of measures to deal with the spate of crimes against women. This include armed patrolling at night, increasing the number of women staff at police control room and keeping a tab on eve-teasing cases in schools and colleges. And lastly, the police plan to introduce self-defense courses for girls at certain locations in the city by January.Talking to TOI, commissioner of police BL Soni said: \"We have reached an agreement with a couple of self-defence training institutes. We are all prepared to introduce self-defence courses in the city by January. Each course will be a week-long one and the focus will not only on strength-building tips, but also on how they can avoid being in vulnerable situations. Besides, they will also be taught how to get out of the sensitive situations without being aggressive when not necessary.\"Soni also said that all the police stations in the city have been told to identify places vulnerable for girls walking alone to their destinations.\"We have already deputed armed policemen at MI Road, JLN Marg and some other places. Each police station will identify the sensitive spots in their jurisdiction and send a report to the commissionerate. Then the spots will be identified to depute armed policemen,\" said Soni.The police are also writing to the administration of each school and college in the city. \"They will have to inform the police about every complaint that a girl lodges even about eve-teasing. It will help us prepare an action plan against harassment of girls. It has been seen in the recent past that the girls don't approach police directly, instead they complain to the school authorities about such incidents,\" said the officer.He added that the girls can even send a postcard addressed to the commissionerate if they are a victim of eve-teasing.\"If we study the cases of rape or sexual harassment in Jaipur, it has been seen that the offenders are usually known to the victim. In most of the cases, the harassment starts with eve-teasing. The girl should immediately report such matters to the police. The identity of the victim will be kept a secret if they wish,\" said the commissioner.Soni also said that to make the women comfortable while reporting eve-teasing, the number of women operators at police control room will be increased. He added that officials of senior ranks will probe cases of atrocities against women. The police will also conduct surprise checks in public transport buses.TIMES VIEWIn an emotionally charged atmoshphere, several means and methods are announced to counter/curb menaces. Likewise, following the Delhi rape, the enitre machinery has now porbably woken up to address the issue. Noble indeed, but the logistics to have such schemes have to be chalked out before implementing. Otherwise, half way down the line, all the purpose and motive will lose its sheen and steam. clerical attempts like scribbling reports of all eve-teasing events and studying the pattern will not be effective and timely to curb the menace. These activities may take months if not years to arrive at a conclusion! By then, the accused is free to destroy evidences and also tweak the cases. The police plan to have self-defence courses also sounds like an uphill task with the funding process and convincing parents to send their daughters not clearly stated in the blueprint. The worst part is that with an under-staffed force, how does the men-in-khaki do this while keeping a vigil on the streets of Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17701526", "title": "Prime ministers of Thailand, Laos pray at Buddha shrine", "text": "GAYA: In a rare coincidence, perhaps the first of its kind in the state, two heads of government, Thai prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra and her Laos counterpart Thongsing Thammavong separately visited Bodh Gaya on Thursday morning to offer prayers at the world famous Mahabodhi Temple, the seat of Buddha's enlightenment, where about 2500 years back, Siddhartha, a wandering prince from the Himalayan kingdom received enlightenment and graduated to divinity.Virtually putting security agencies to a real hard test, the two prime ministers landed at the Gaya International Airport at a span of less than an hour and drove straight to Bodh Gaya for performing prayers at the seat of enlightenment. Security arrangements, according to sources, had to be further strengthened on account of the revelations made earlier by arrested IM activists who told Delhi police that the Bodh Gaya shrine was on terrorist hit list.Recent developments in neighbouring Myanmar and Thailand were reportedly taken into account while making security arrangements for the visiting dignitaries. Radical Islamic elements, had been quite active in Southern Thailand, thereby adding to the concerns of agencies entrusted with the security of the Thai PM during her Bodh Gaya visit.Yingluck Shinawatra, the Thai PM had a hectic schedule in the land of enlightenment as, besides offering prayers under the sacred Bodhi tree and the shrine sancto sanctum, the dignitary also visited the Thai monastery and distributed robes among the temple priests.At the Gaya airport, the visiting prime ministers were received by the district magistrate Bandana Preyasi and SSP Vinay Kumar. According to BTMC member Arvind Singh, as per tradition, the two prime ministers were honoured by the Temple Management Committee and presented with momentos - a replica of the holy shrine.Apparently heaving a sigh of relief, Preyasi said the VVIP visits were smooth and hassle free. Both the prime ministers were very gracious, the DM added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701221", "title": "20 senior cops transferred in IPS reshuffle in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government on Thursday issued directives transferring 20 senior police officers, including the posting of Rishikesh Meena - former SP of Birbhum - to a relatively low-profile post of DC (wireless). After the Loba firing in November, Meena was asked to proceed on a leave and now he had been brought back to Kolkata Police.Anil Kumar , who was the DIG (presidency range), has been posted as DIG, counter intelligence force. Dilip Bandopadhyay will replace him. Mehboob Rahman, the former DC (port), is the new joint commissioner of police and he will be replaced by V Solomon Nesa Kumar.Niladri Chakraborty has been posted as DC, DD(II) and Santosh Pandey will be DC, DD (special).Basab Dasgupta, who was with Kolkata Armed Police (first battalion), has now been posted with the Kolkata Armed Police (fourth battalion).Bidhanagar police commissionerate will be having two new officers, as R N Banerjee will be the new DC (traffic) and Krishnakali Lahiri the additional DC.While Anoop Jaiswal has been posted as the SP of Coochbehar, Ujjwal Kumar Bhowmick will be SRP Siliguri. In another key reshuffle, Amitabha Maiti has been made the is now posted as additional SP in Haldia and Chandan Ghosh the SDPO of Haldia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17694183", "title": "Fevicol Se is bigger than Munni: Wajid Ali", "text": "In a tete-a-tete, music composer Wajid Ali of Sajid-Wajid fame discusses music of Dabangg 2 as it's slated for a release today. In conversation with the successful music director and singer, he talks about what makes Dabangg 2 so special.Music is the face of a film and is critical to a film's success to a large extent. Are you apprehensive about Dabangg 2's fate? There is a certain pressure especially since the music of Dabangg was widely accepted. But we are very happy and the music of Dabangg 2 has been very successful. The pressure falls on everyone. That's the rule of life! I love the industry because it doesn't allow you to relax. It keeps you on your toes. You have to keep proving yourself. It's the same for singers, actors and everyone else! People go crazy listening to AR Rehman's music. That's because it is good. Same is with us. Only if the music is a hit will people like it. If one film flops, it affects the other one. Only if people like us will they praise us!Is the music of Dabangg 2 an extension of Dabangg? Of course it is. Because this is a sequel so it was important for us to be in the loop of what he first film's music was. I remember Salman telling us that the music of Dabangg 2 should have the elements of Dabangg . The characters are the same and the story goes forward. We could not have the music of a film like Student of The Year suited to this particular film. There had to be a certain rhythm and flow from the first one. The music of Dabangg 2 is unique, more aggressive and fearless. It goes hand in hand with Chulbul Pandey's (Salman Khan) character.Do you think Kareena has done justice to Fevicol Se the way Malaika did to Munni? All stars are big. Kareena brings the zing. I can say Fevicol Se is bigger than Munni because it's larger than life. It's lyrically also beautiful and humorous. The song picturisation is also good and Kareena looks fabulous!So Fevicol Se had to be better than Munni... People take item songs very seriously. After Munni and Sheila , people were counting on those two item songs. So making Fevicol Se was tough and we worked hard and expectations were high. Munni was a hit in Dabangg , and Fevicol Se had to be bigger because it's within the same franchise.Which is your favourite song from Dabangg 2? This album is a super-duper hit. I don't have any one favourite. However, I love Dagabaaz Re . It reminds me of the golden era of our country. I kept thinking that if Dilip saab would have been there in this song, how it would be. I imagined Salman as Dilip saab . We were bang on with this song because it's got that classic melody. It's going to stay for years!The songs today seem to have a shelf life. After a while they're forgotten as compared to songs of yesteryears. Why so? In the golden era, music was limited. There were not too many options. There was no radio, internet or computer. We were in love with our songs and there was a certain purity to them. India had also just gained independence, so there was a lot of focus on folk songs, if you see the films of Raj Kapoor. Today people are open compared to their predecessors. Today there are many avenues and we are exposed to world music.You seem to specially compose music/songs for Salman Khan films. Any special reasons? All credit goes to Salman. He's one guy who always believed in us when no one did. That's why in our music, the confidence, love and respect reflects. He's like an older brother to us so we are more excited to work in his films.The music of Dabangg and Dabangg 2 has been received very well. Are you expecting to sweep all awards for best music director? The public is going crazy with the music and the album's a hit. We have done our best so now it all depends on the people. This album is a family entertainer and its got raga, rhythm, fun, humour and melody. If people are not biased, they should give it to us.Music directors you appreciate from the industry? I love the work of Shankar, Ehsan Loy, Vishal-Shekhar, and Salim- Suleiman. The best part is everyone's got their own style. Sajid Wajid handle a different style altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17703299", "title": "We hope to carry the momentum forward: Yuvraj Singh", "text": "MUMBAI: Off to a good start in Twenty20s after the \"shattering\" Test debacle, India batsman Yuvraj Singh said he was confident that the team would carry the momentum not only into the second and final tie against England on Saturday but also into the upcoming series against arch-foes Pakistan.\"In Twenty20s and ODIs, we have done well against them hopefully, we can carry the momentum, particularly with the important series against Pakistan coming up,\" said Yuvraj after India's five-wicket win over England in Pune on Thursday.The all-rounder played a key role, taking 3 for 19 to half England's progress in batting and then smashed 38 in 21 balls with three sixes and two fours to help India overhaul the visitors' score of 157 for 6 with five wickets to spare.India will take on Pakistan in a two-match T20 series commencing at Bangalore on December 25. The second game of that series is scheduled at Ahmedabad on December 28.This would be followed by a three-match ODI series against the neighbours from December 30 this year to January 6, 2013 after which India would engage England in a best-of-five ODI series from January 11 to 27.\"Losing 4-0 (in Test series in England last year) and 2-1 (recently in the four-match Test series at home) was quite shattering. England played better cricket but we beat them 5-0 in the one-dayers (last year),\" said Yuvraj who was part of the Test squad that got beaten by England.Yuvraj said the younger lot of players improved the fielding of the team.\"It's important to win the first game and get a good start. If we lose we are again trying to win back. With youngsters coming in the fielding is much better and this win also gives momentum and more confidence for the rest of the series and Pakistan,\" he added.Yuvraj, who has been unable to replicate his superb show in T20s and ODIs at the Test level, said the shortest form of the game offered him a chance to play freely.\"When T20 comes I play a bit openly. I enjoyed my batting and my bowling was effective and contributed to the team.\"The left-handed player, who resumed his cricket career after undergoing treatment for cancer, said the spinners, including himself, had applied the brakes in time to halt England's flying start in the first game in Pune.\"When the openers start hitting it's always a worry. May be we could have chased 180--190 but our spinners did a good job I also bowled well and the 2-3 wickets broke the momentum,\" Yuvraj said.He was as flummoxed as many how his part-time left arm spin is so effective, but gave a clue saying he slowed down the pace of his bowling to reap rich rewards last night.\"Even I am not sure why I take so many wickets. I do my best. I was bowling faster initially and it was easier for the batsmen so I slowed it down a bit.\"Yuvraj, who returned after recovering from a rare germ cell cancer, said he is happy to play for the country again whatever be the form of the game.\"I need to look forward in life. I am happy to be alive and proud to be playing for India again whether it is T20 or ODI or Test,\" he said.Asked about his fitness, Yuvraj said he was getting close to what he was before the disease was diagnosed.\"One year back I was in the hospital. I can't compare it at all but I have to work harder and more hours to be where I was. I have to also get the confidence of winning for India,\" he said.Yuvraj felt the best way forward for India was to include more youngsters in the squad.\"Youngsters coming in is good for the team. We have (Parvinder) Awana and Bhuvneshwar Kumar who have done well. (Suresh) Raina, (Virat) Kohli and Rohit (Sharma) have been part of the Indian team and I look like a veteran. We have been giving opportunities to youngsters and that is the way to go,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700409", "title": "LACCFED scam accused ex-managing director in court", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Special Investigation Bureau (SIB) of UP Police produced former managing director (MD) of Labor and Construction Cooperative Federation (LACCFED), Brahm Prakash Singh before the court on Thursday. Singh was accused of increasing the limit of bearer cheques to Rs 50 lakh after a series of three alterations.Singh was arrested on Wednesday from near secretariat. Sources said initial surveillance on BP Singh revealed that he was constantly in touch with a principal secretary rank IAS officer posted in the secretariat and there was information that he was likely to visit the officer on Wednesday after which the SIB set up a trap and nabbed him. The SIB was not contemplating questioning the IAS concerned to probe if the officer had played any role in helping Singh.The arrest of BP Singh pushed the total number of arrests in the scam to 10, including of a former minister in Mayawati government, Akhilesh Singh. At least three of the key accused are still absconding, including two former ministers in Mayawati cabinet Rangnath Misra and Chandra Deo Ram Yadav, apart from former LACCFED chairman Sushil Kaityar whose property has already been attached by the SIB after the courts declared him an absconder.Focus of the SIB shifted to B P Singh after the former manager of PNB's Qaiserbagh branch Deepak Dave, who was arrested on Tuesday, told the interrogators that it was Singh only who offered him commission to clear bearer cheques up to Rs 50 lakh despite a ceiling of cheque worth only a maximum of Rs 10,000 being cleared by the bank. Singh is seen as a loyalist of Mayawati and cabinet minister Babu Singh Kushwaha who is already behind bars for anomalies in National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam being probed by the CBI. During the SIB investigations into the LACCFED scam, Kushwaha too has figured as an accused in the scam.Singh was not only instrumental in attracting the then ministers to sanction contracts related to up gradation and renovation of government units for LACCFED and the hand over their commission back to them. These commission was paid through bearer cheques directly from the LACCFED's bank account at the PNB's Qaiserbagh branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17700071", "title": "Youth fest kicks off at Fatorda", "text": "MARGAO: The first day of the state level youth festival, 2012, organized by directorate of sports and youth affairs to select talented youth to participate in the National Youth Festival 2013, kicked off on Thursday at the open sports complex, Fatorda.Sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar will be present on the second day of the programme at Gomant Vidya Niketan on Friday. Winners of competitions held on Thursday were announced by director V M Prabhudesai for tabla, classical vocal (Hindustani), classical vocal (Western), one act play, fancy dress, violin, guitar, street play and mandolin competitions.Various programmes and competitions will be held on December 21 and 22 at Gomant Vidya Niketan from 9am to 6pm. The competitions will be held in the various items like folk dance, folk song, harmonium, flute, Bharathnatyam, Kathak, elocution (English/Hindi), one act play (English/Hindi),street play (English/Hindi/Konkani and Marathi) and monologue (English/Hindi/Konkani and Marathi).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17701787", "title": "Rape accused told to sweep temple floor", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The juvenile justice board (JJB) of Bhawanipatna in Kalahandi district dished out what can be called divine justice, asking a 15-year-old rape accused to sweep the floor of a temple for a year.The accused, who allegedly raped a minor girl of his village in Lanjigarh block last year, will have to clean the Shiva shrine in the village twice a week, said an associate public prosecutor of the JJB. The direction, on Monday, came close on the heels of similar verdicts by Orissa high court and JJB, Phulbani, in the past.The high court in September last year ordered a 19-year-old youth, accused of molesting a girl, to clean shoes of devotees at Cuttack Chandi temple once a week. Taking a cue from the HC, the JJB in Phulbani punished a 14-year-old boy, arrested on charge of theft, to clean a temple floor everyday for a year. The boy from Linepada had stolen Rs 4,000 and an ATM card from a house in his locality on March 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17700634", "title": "City to host 'Quran for all' campaign", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Jamaat-e-Islami Hind (JEIH) and Students' Islamic Organization of India (SIOI) will embark on a month-long \" Quran for all\" campaign in the state to dispel misunderstandings associated with the holy book and Islam.JEIH Guwahati unit president M Abdul Hamid said during the campaign, issues like education, women's rights and family planning will be discussed. He informed that other communities will also participate in open discussions on various issues associated with the Quran and Islam.\"Prominent Gandhians like Natwar Thakkar and Harish Bhai will also take part in the campaign. Our prime objective is to dispel various misunderstandings associated with the holy book and also to promote inter-community understanding. There will be discourses on education and women rights and other issues explained in Quran,\" Hamid said.While JEIH will look after the campaign in Guwahati, SIOI will carry out a drive at the state-level. \"As part of our campaign, we are looking forward to have people from other communities deliver talks on the Quran and Islam. We are ready to discuss on any issue and explain the Quran's real message,\" Hamid said.After the completion of the month-long campaign, a public rally will be held at Sijubari here on January 20. The rally is organized to allow more non-Muslims to take part in it. \"We hope that we can explain to the public what the Quran stands for and promote better understanding among the different communities and religions through our campaign,\" he said. According to Hamid, it is the illiterate among the Muslims who misinterpret the Quran. \"The Prophet has given special emphasis on education. Education is a vital component of human life. Our stand is that along with general education, Islamic education should go hand in hand,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700169", "title": "Dadar victim recovering, out of ICU", "text": "MUMBAI: Sonal Lapashiya (25), who faced a sickle attack in a case of mistaken identity outside Dadar station on Monday, has been moved out of the ICU at Bombay Hospital.Doctors said she was improving and should go home in a few days. While her health is now stable, doctors said her fractures and wounds will take a while to heal and fractures on her left hand could leave her with minor functional deficiencies.A doctor said, \"She is responding well to medication but remembers little about the incident,\" adding it could be a while before she returns to a normal diet as her throat injury is obstructing the food-pipe.TOI tried to speak to accused Vijay Sangelkar's (35) wife Vaishali on Thursday, the intended victim of the attack, but she refused to speak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17700133", "title": "Man convicted for wife's murder after daughter's statement", "text": "AJMER: Nine-year-old girl Pooja of Nasirabad had witnessed her father Suresh Kahar pouring kerosene on her mother and burnt her to death on October 27, 2011. The girl recounted her nightmare before a court here as witness.Based on her statement, the additional district and session judge on Thursday sentenced Kahar to life imprisonment for murdering his wife.The court also fined Rs 5,000 to the guilty. During the trial of the case, the prosecution produced 17 witnesses and 10 documents to prove the charges against Kahar. The statement of Pooja, who was present when the incident took place, was one of most important factor's in the court's verdict.According to the prosecution, Kahar in the afternoon of October 27, 2011 came to his house and had fight with his wife, \"At that time, their nine-year-old daughter was also at home,\" additional public prosecutor Manjoor Ali said.After the fight, Suresh poured kerosene on his wife and burnt her alive, \"She was brought to JLN hospital with 80% burns and died in the night,\" Ali said. Kahar was arrested but he denied the charges and claimed that his wife was burnt when she was cooking on the stove. \"The statement of his daughter played a vital role in the conviction after she came forward to state the truth that her mother was murdered by her father,\" the prosecution said.After going through the witnesses, the additional district judge K P Sexena convicted Kahar to life sentence stating the nine-year-old girl came forward to help in delivering justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bodh gaya", "code": "17701576", "title": "Dalai acceptable as arbitrator in Karmapa dispute: Trinley Thaye Dorje", "text": "BODH GAYA: Trinley Thaye Dorje, one of the two claimants to the position of 17th Karmapa, the spiritual head of the Karma Kagyu sect of Buddhists (China-supported Ogyen Trinley Dorje is the other claimant) has said that the Dalai Lama was acceptable to him as an arbitrator to end the over a decade long controversy over the position of the sect chief. About two years back, Shamar Rinpoche, who supports Thaye for the position held discussions with the Buddhist superior priest but no solution could be found.Talking to mediapersons in Bodh Gaya late Wednesday evening, Thaye said, \"Though I prefer a legal resolution of the problem, I am personally not averse to the Dalai Lama playing arbitrator in the matter.\"Asked whether he would abdicate in favour of his rival, Ogyen in case the Dalai Lama decreed in Ogyen's favour, Thaye, in an apparently clever response, said that being a spiritual person, he does not get involved in political issues and a final decision in the matter will be taken by his \"lineage holders and disciples\".The control over the Rumtek monastery in Sikkim is regarded as the final acknowledgement of the sect headship and as of now, neither Trinley Thaye Dorje nor Ogyen Trinley Dorje have got control over the monastery. The monastery has got huge assets in different parts of the world and as of now, two organizations viz the Karmapa Charitable Trust (supporting Trinley Thaye Dorje) and the Tsurphu Labrang (supporting Ogyen Trinley Dorje) are engaged in a prolonged legal battle for control of the monastery.Asked if the dispute on the position of the sect's high priest did not confuse the disciples and reflect poorly on the credibility of preachers of peace and soul purification, the spiritual leader said he does not allow such things to come in the way of his meditation and message delivery.Conceding that it was not necessary to be a Karmapa to attain higher standards of spiritual conduct and agent of peace, Thaye said he was not a 'self made' Karmapa and the lineage holders of the sect have anointed him to the position. Speaking in a somewhat philosophical tone, Thaye said what the eyes see is not always true as \"appearances may be deceptive\" and meditation alone can bring you closer to truth.He has no ill will or negative feeling about anyone including his rival, Ogyen as he believes in removing 'disturbing emotions' through meditation and other spiritual exercises, said Trinley Thaye Dorje.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699922", "title": "HC for death to rapists and perverts", "text": "NAGPUR: As the nation debates whether life imprisonment is sufficient for rapists and perverts or harsher measures like castration or death penalty are needed, Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has asserted that severe crimes against women must be given death penalty.It, however, stopped short of awarding the same to the accused who fatally stabbed a young boy for protesting the lewd remarks passed by him against the deceased's sister as it neither met the requirements of capital punishment ie rarest of the rare crime, nor did the state file an appeal. \"The incidents of this type (eve-teasing) are on the rise and must meet with severe sentence. Such persons must be dealt with iron-hand and ought to be given sentence of death,\" a division bench of justices Pratap Hardas and Arun Chaudhari observed while dismissing the criminal appeal filed by Buldhana-based accused Vitthal Chopade.The court upheld the Khamgaon sessions court order of life sentence to the accused for stabbing and killing Nitin Joshi who protested against lewd remarks made by the accused. The judges observed that the case depicted painful, sorrowful happenings in the society, particularly, the rise of the crime against women. \"It reflects the percolation of bad social order from urban to rural area,\" they lamented. They added the reasons for the commission of murder of the deceased also showed the diabolical mental set-up of the accused who was moving like a vagabond in the village and had developed a tendency to go after the school girls.As per the prosecution, Nitin's sister Sanika had appeared for matric exam in March 2004 and he had come to pick her up from the centre at Mahatma Phule Vidyalaya at Kherda in Buldhana. When they were proceeding to bus stand to return to their native village, Chopade started passing vulgar comments on Sanika. When Nitin protested, the accused took out a knife and stabbed Nitin on his abdomen. As a scared Sanika raised an alarm, a home guard and a policeman responded and nabbed Chopade. Nitin was rushed to the hospital where he was declared brought dead.During hearing, Chopade's counsel tried to defend him contending that apart from Sanika and her friend's testimony, none of the other 400-500 witnesses had come up to depose against him. The court turned it down asserting on that the quality and not quantity of testimony mattered. \"Since all testimonies had been corroborated by medical examination and cross-examinations, the quality is indeed high,\" the court said.\"It is unfortunate that a young boy was required to lose his life only because he asked the appellant not to tease his sister. The appellant committed the offence with cruelty and with preparation by already having a knife measuring 30 centimetres with him. He had no reason to have such a big knife. He wanted to terrorize the girl and the entire family towards his nefarious design,\" the court observed.(Names changed to protect identity of victims)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17702109", "title": "Lack of village bus service tops the list of complaints", "text": "MYSORE: Lack of bus service to villages was the main complaint at the phone-in programme conducted at the DC's office on Thursday.In the hourlong programme, additional district commissioner Naganayak received about 20 calls from the villagers of Periyapatna, Nanjangud, HD Kote and Hunsur. They asked the official to increase bus services to their villages.Dhananjaya, a student from Bannur, alleged that none of the KSRTC buses reach Bannur though there is a bus depot. \"This is affecting students who have to go to colleges in the city,\" he said.Vijaykumar from Nanjangud said that many private buses running on Mysore-Chamarajanagar and Msyore-Gundlupet routes do not have licence. \"I have collected information about this under RTI. The authorities must look into the matter,\" he added.Shivanna from T Narasipura said: \"Though the district minister has granted to run nine KSRTC buses from our taluk, only two buses run, because of which college students are inconvenienced.\"Srinivasa Murthy from Kiruguda village of Nanjangud said his taluk has only one bus. It leaves village in the morning and returns in the evening. The authorities have to increase the bus service, lest the students will continue to suffer, Murthy added.Naganayak said he will take up the matter with RTO and KSRTC authorities so that the issues are addressed. Power problem in HD Kote taluk, Kondanoor village in Nanjangud and Holegundi village was the other problem highlighted at the programme. A representative from KPTCL said the matter will be looked into.Lack of basic amenities like drinking water, roads, streetlights and bus at Kundanahalli village of Periyapatna taluk was also discussed. Shivanna of the village has been visiting the DC's office for the past five years seeking facilities, but to no avail. The village having 35 houses, a government school and anganwadi centres has not been provided with basic facilities. \"We have written letters to the offices of chief minister, President and Prime Minister, but there has been no reply from them,\" Shivanna said, adding that their houses get inundated during rainy season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699380", "title": "GHMC starts demolition drive for Hyderabad metro rail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Metro rail work on the Chaderghat-Malakpet stretch is expected to start soon, Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) officials said, as the civic body on Thursday started demolishing buildings to clear the area. Around 54 structures are expected to be pulled down initially. The number would go up as work along the stretch progresses, a senior official said.The Chaderghat-Malakpet stretch falls on the LB Nagar-Miyapur corridor (Corridor Number 1). Most of the demolished properties are commercial in nature.GHMC officials, who were overseeing the demolition on Thursday, said that the extent of work varies as the alignment of the road is linear. The corporation had earlier marked the extent of demolition on each of the properties.During the current exercise, the extent of demolition varies from 12 ft to 18 ft at some places and the properties earmarked for demolition lie on the stretch from Imlibun to Mahbub Mansion.GHMC officials said that most of the property owners had accepted the compensation. It was learnt that owners were paid Rs 32,000 per square yard of property acquired. The compensation paid was on par with the market value, they added.A few property owners have however, obtained stay against the demolition.Incidentally, City Model High School would be demolished to make way for metro work. The local corporator had moved the State Human Rights Commission in the matter and consequently, the district collector deposed before the SHRC saying that the school will not be demolished before the students are shifted to some other building.The GHMC is expected to complete the demolition work by February next year after which, the Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL) would take over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700734", "title": "PMC proposes 8% increase in property tax", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration has proposed an 8% hike in property tax for the financial year 2013-14.In a proposal tabled before the standing committee, the civic administration has proposed to increase the property tax by pushing up the general tax structure (which is part of the property tax).The civic body, as per section 99 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation (BPMC) Act, 1949, finalises the rates of taxes every year and places the same before the standing committee. If the standing committee approves the same it becomes part of the municipal commissioner's annual civic budget. As per the BPMC Act, the General Body (GB) must approve new tax rates before February 20.The proposal for 2013-14 states, \"It is necessary to increase revenue from taxes and other sources considering the cost escalation in developmental projects and expenditure on providing civic amenities, especially projects related to water supply and sewage treatment.\"The PMC has proposed hike in road tax (0.75%), fire brigade tax (0.25%), municipal education cess (1%), cleanliness tax (2%), sewage tax (2%) and water cess (1%).The civic administration defended the hike in water cess pointing out the absence of water meters. \"Considering the expenses on supplying water and maintenance of water supply pipelines, a hike of Rs 100 per slab has been proposed in the water tax,\" stated the proposal.The PMC has also decided to continue to provide discounts for those property owners, who pay property tax on time. The civic body offers 10% discount if the tax is Rs 25,000 or less, while a 5% discount is offered if the amount is more than Rs 25,001 for those who pay tax before May 31.Discounts will also be provided to those who will carry out projects such as rain water harvesting and biocomposting in their properties. There are around 6 lakh residential properties and 75,000 non-residential properties and around 24,000 open plots.The property tax is one of the main sources of revenue for the civic body. The department handles the billing and collection of property tax on residential, commercial, plots and other types of properties - held privately or by government (state and Union) - within the civic limits.Property tax is the tax charged on immovable or tangible real property, such as land, buildings and permanent improvements. Based on assessments, all property holders are expected to pay the tax. The civic body assesses all residential and commercial properties situated within its limits. Property tax may also include basic house/building tax plus service taxes such as road tax, and conservancy/scavenging tax. It is collected either half yearly or annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "goghat", "code": "17700913", "title": "Row at Hooghly school over higher secondary examination fees", "text": "GOGHAT: About 200 students of Goghat High School in Hooghly locked up their teachers and observed a hunger strike on Thursday morning in protest against the alleged extortion by the school authorities during submission of higher secondary examination forms.Trouble has been brewing in the school since Monday, after teacher-in-charge Udaymoni Bhattacharya put up a notice asking students to pay Rs 580 along with their forms. As the students queued up to submit forms over the last three days, some 30 got away with paying Rs 540. Others decided to protest. There were also reports Words soon went around that students of the nearby schools were paying only Rs 417 - the official examination fees under the West Bengal Higher Secondary Council.While a student has lodged a complaint against the school managing committee secretary Arun Ghosh for allegedly beating the former up, Ghosh has also lodged a counter complaint with the Goghat Police. accusing him Sheikh Mubarak , one of the students, alleged that he was beaten up by the school managing committee secretary Arun Ghosh on Wednesday. He has lodged a complaint with Goghat police station. Soon, Ghosh lodged a counter complaint at the police station, alleging that some students had heckled him.Meanwhile, Ghosh and Bhattacharya are engaged in a blamegame accusing each other of being extortionist. Around 10.30am on Thursday, the students locked the school's main gate, when Bhattacharya and other teachers were inside the school. Then the agitating students sat on a fast on the premises of the school.When the media persons asked the managing committee secretary why the school was taking charges in excess of the official fee, he blamed the teacher-in-charge and accused him of being an extortionist. Bhattacharya, in turn, accused Ghosh of extortion. \"Ghosh is trying to dislodge me through various means. He does nothing for the school and comes here only when he has to sign on cheques. He is an extortionist. The government should start an investigation against him,\" alleged Bhattacharya.Reacting to this, Ghosh said: \"An investigation will reveal who is the real extortionist. We had verbally agreed that apart from the council's examination fee of Rs 417, HS examinees would be told to pay an additional Rs 100 towards the school's own fund and Rs 30 as Saraswati Puja subscription. But the teacher-in-charge issued a notice asking candidates to pay Rs 580 and then giving some 30 students a concession on that.\"Around 4pm on Thursday, police reached the spot and rescued the teachers. the teacher-in-charge called the officials at Goghat police station. A force, led by OC Prasanta Chatterjee, reached the and rescued the teachers before dispersing the fasting students. school. The cops soon freed the teachers and dispersed the fasting students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700010", "title": "Mumbai hospitals make beeline for dissolving stent", "text": "MUMBAI: Within hours of the launch of bio-absorbable stents in the city on Wednesday, at least five hospitals deployed the new option for heart treatment. These stents, which will dissolve after 18-odd months, appear to be a better option than metallic ones, said doctors.Following a successful clinical trial involving 100 patients, the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) gave an approval to multinational firm Abbott Vascular to launch the stent. Marking the GenNext of heart treatment, major private hospitals in the city deployed these on various patients.Krishna Natrajan (71), for instance, had undergone a bypass surgery 10 years ago. However, he recently started getting pain in his stomach. Once he was taken to the hospital, the doctors realized that two of his bypass grafts were closed and only one was working. Dr V T Shah, cardiologist at Surana Hospital at Chembur, said that Natraj had four blockages.\"This was a high-risk patient as he may need surgeries for joints or kidneys in days to come. He had four blockages and we put four bio-absorbable stents to restore the blood supply to his heart.\"On Thursday itself, doctors from Jaslok, Bombay, L H Hiranandani hospitals and Asian Heart Institute, too, used bio-absorbable stents. Dr Ganesh Kumar, of Hiranandani Hospital, Powai, said the bioabsorbable 'stent' should be called a 'scaffolding' as it dissolves.Dr A B Mehta, senior cardiologist from Jaslok Hospital, who also did a stent procedure on Thursday, said there would not be any clotting because the stent dissolves.Dr B K Goyal, cardiologist from Bombay Hospital, also conducted a bio-absorbable stent surgery on a 48-year-old man who was critical and had 90% blockage in the main artery. Dr Goyal said, \"With metallic stents, restenosis can occur even after three years of deployment. Restenosis is narrowing of blood vessels leading to restricted blood flow.\"This apart, follow-up becomes easier. \"For metallic stent patients, a CT scan is no use as the metal refracts the scan rays. But in case of absorbable stents, CT coronary angioplasty is possible to see if there are any other blockages. The restenosis rate for metallic stents is 5% initially and goes on increasing every year thereafter. But in absorbable stents, after the similar risk initially, the rate reduces to less than 2% after six months, as the stent starts dissolving,\" said Dr Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700691", "title": "Harassed on bus, students take boys to police station", "text": "MUMBAI: Aggrieved girls taught a different lesson to a group of boys who were harassing them in Karad, the hometown of Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. For over three months, the girls found that when they were travelling from Kale to Karad by bus, 13 boys were following them and passing indecent remarks.The girls took the bus along with the boys to the Karad police station and narrated their plight to inspector Ramkrishna Muluk on Wednesday. The girls told him that travelling by bus from Kale to Karad to attend college was a nightmare and that it was high time that he took the boys to task.\"It was a shocking incident. The boys repeatedly harassed the girls. We have been booked under the Bombay Police Act but were let off after a warning as they were minors, he said.\"We were keen on a written complaint from the girls, but when they were reluctant, we took suo moto preventive action against the students. They have given us a bond of good behaviour. We are summoning their parents,'' Muluk said.He said while stern action as per provisions of the law has been taken, vigil around educational institutions and the bus depot has been enhanced. \"We have deployed cops in plainclothes at key places to ensure women are safe,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17700093", "title": "Registration forged, says SIM card owner", "text": "CALANGUTE: The case of murder-accused Mahanand Naik's phone calls to a woman from Ponda took an interesting turn on Thursday. Wilfred Rodrigues, the person in whose name the SIM card used to make the calls was registered, lodged a complaint with the Mapusa police station on Wednesday that his signature was forged on the SIM registration form.One of the victim women of alleged serial-murderer Mahanand Naik had claimed that he was making threatening calls to her from within the Aguada jail. Following a complaint filed on her behalf by an NGO, the Ponda police had registered an offence. Police investigations found that the SIM card used was bought from a dealer at Tariwada, Mapusa, and was registered in the name of Wilfred Rodrigues from Nachinola, Aldona.When the Mapusa police questioned Rodrigues, he claimed that he never purchased the SIM card, and on Wednesday lodged a complaint with the police that his signature was forged and his photo wrongly pasted on the registration form. He told the police that his election photo identity card was misused by some one to obtain the SIM card.The Mapusa police have registered a case under Section 465, Section 468, Section 471 and Section 420 of the Indian penal code and are conducting further investigations into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17702028", "title": "TIL launches first interest network site", "text": "NEW DELHI: Times Internet on Thursday launched itimes.com, India's first interest network which empowers users to create interests or follow their favourite interests. The site has shifted its focus from general social networking towards intessrest networking centered around relevant topics and content.\"Times Internet has over 32 million visitors every month who interact with our varied content offerings. Itimes.com is oriented around building communities around the topics people care to read about. It's an interesting proposition and we hope that it will engage users and help create and curate relevant content,\" said Satyan Gajwani, CEO, Times Internet.The site in its new release is live with over 5000 interests. Individuals can use it as a platform to build a following, share knowledge and to disseminate information on topics or interests. With a live leader board that crowns users as \" Interest Masters\", it encourages active contributions in the form of discussions, photos, videos, blogs and polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701465", "title": "Ranchi theft cases double in 2012", "text": "RANCHI: In the past one year, theft cases in Ranchi have almost doubled from what it was the year earlier. In 2012, so far everyday around four to five houses have been robbed and a similar number of shops had their locks broken and valuables stolen. Also, many vehicles were stolen.A total of 1,008 theft cases were reported in 2011 which has gone up to 1910 (till October 2012), according to the crime summary report of Ranchi police. The spurt in the number of theft cases has become a cause for concern for the citizens who have lost their sleep and are in need of keeping a vigil at night.In one of the latest examples Rs 27,000 was stolen from a mall in the city on Monday. In another similar incident, Rs 45,000 was stolen after a group of thieves broke the shutter of a medical shop situated at Albert Ekka Chowk here on Saturday. Mostly small shops generally situated in small markets have been targeted by the thieves.Police suspect that local boys are involved in these cases. Recently the police had busted a gang from Odisha which was active here for a couple of months and was engaged in cash and chain snatching cases.\"Unemployment is the main reason behind the rise in such cases. Boys who are unemployed find it easy to afford their expenses through such means. It provides them easy money,\" said Ranchi SP (city) Vipul Shukla.The residents claim that lack of police patrolling has led to worsen the situation. Puja Singh, a doctor who lives in Argora, said, \"It is rare to spot the police in the lanes of the locality after evening. Though they claim that they do patrol in these areas I see them rarely.\"Ranchi thieves are so daring that they even do not spare VIPs. A group of them had raided Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni's house on Christmas two years back. An FIR in this connection was lodged with Argora police station.The city SP acknowledged the problem. \"We have improved our patrolling system. Police stations have been asked to maintain a vigil throughout the night. I hope the situation will improve,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17702008", "title": "New space suits for advanced cosmic ventures", "text": "WASHINGTON: Nasa has developed a new gen-next spacesuit, for its advanced space ventures including the manned Mars mission, that can supply oxygen and protect the astronaut from extreme temperatures.The new space suit is called the \"Z-1 Prototype Spacesuit and Portable Life Support System ( PLSS) 2.0\".Nasa's current space suits, designed in 1992, were made for crews aboard the space shuttle fleet and those spending time at the International Space Station ( ISS).However, with the space shuttle fleet's recent retirement and the country's goals to go to Mars, an asteroid, and beyond, Nasa has recognized that it may be time to create more robust and technologically-equipped suits for astronauts.It is a rear-entry space suit that can do pretty much anything the actual spaceship does, from supplying oxygen , removing carbon dioxide , and protecting the astronaut from extreme heat or cold, the Daily Tech reported . The suit is made up of many hard elements on top of its fabric, and becomes flexible when inflated.There is a hatch and life support pack on the back of the suit, wheich allows the astronaut to attach to the spacecraft or a rover.It also has urethane-coated nylon and polyester layers to 'maintain pressure' and allows for greater flexibility in the limbs and torso.Astronauts get into the suit through a suitport, which is the combined hatch and life support pack. An airlock is not required to get in and out of the suit, meaning they can get in and out of the suit faster. This is because the suit operates at the same pressure as the spacecraft.The suit also packs a water membrane evaporation cooler that cools it through the same method as sweating instead of current techniques , which consists of a sublimator that only works in a hard vacuum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700548", "title": "Court relief for autistic student", "text": "MUMBAI: Jamnabai Narsee School in Juhu on Thursday agreed before the Bombay high court to allow a 'shadow teacher' to accompany the seven-year-old autistic child for a month.It was also agreed before a division bench headed by Justice SJ Vazifdar that an expert committee shall monitor the child during this period.After a month, the parties can approach the high court. The child was ousted by the school in July and the case was earlier heard by the Maharashtra State Commission for Child Rights.The shadow teacher would be with the child for a month after which the situation would be reviewed. Based on the assessment, the HC can be approached to get an extension. According to the decision taken by the court, the child can continue with a shadow teacher at the expense of his parents. The division bench recorded the school's consent and adjourned the case to February 28, 2013, when the court will be informed of the progress. The petitioner's advocate, Pradeep Havnur, said, \"It is an order which is passed in the child's best interest.\"School principal Sudeshna Chatterjee refused comment.In November, the commission had ordered the school to re-admit the child for a period of 15 days accompanied by his mother and at the same time was asked to be observed by an expert panel headed by developmental paediatrician Samir Dalwai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700762", "title": "Mechanized cleaning of toilets in civic schools", "text": "Pune: The Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) school board plans to introduce mechanized cleaning of toilets in civic schools.School board president Pradeep Dhumal said, \"Use of machines will help maintain cleanliness and sanitation on school premises.\" A tender has been issued for a period of three months. However, city-based Surajya Sangharsh Samiti (SSS) has raised an objection to the tendering process. \"What is the reason for issuing a tender when the educational year is about to end in three months,\" said Vijay Kumbhar of SSS.Dhumal said, \"We floated a short-term tender as the board has a limited budget. From next year we will start early.\"The PMC runs 294 schools in the city with Marathi, Urdu, Kannada and English as mediums of instructions. Nearly 80,000 students are enrolled in these schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17701114", "title": "Cell busted but LTTE men still in TN: Cops", "text": "CHENNAI: Three more LTTE men are moving around in Tamil Nadu, investigators questioning the four LTTE operatives arrested on Wednesday have learnt.One of the three, as part of a plan to revive the organisation in Sri Lanka, is said to be in Madurai, trying to bring together sympathisers of the outfit that had been destroyed by the Sri Lankan army in 2009.On Wednesday, based on information provided by the Sri Lankan army, Tamil Nadu Q branch sleuths raided a house at Pozhichalur near Pammal in suburban Chennai and arrested LTTE operatives S Suresh Kumar alias Chera Suresh, 34, D Udaya Doss, 39 , T Maheswaran, 33, and K Krishnamurthy, 29. Suresh Kumar, an electronics expert who lost his legs in an explosion during the Eelam war and now moves around on a wheelchair, told investigators that \"three more LTTE operatives were roaming around in the state and one of them was in Madurai.\"Though Suresh Kumar didn't reveal their names, police teams have been formed to nab the three operatives. A 'Q' branch police officer said the \"operatives planned to attack many places in Sri Lanka to create a law and order problem there.\" Investigators said Krishnamurthy, who supplied water cans in the locality, befriended Udaya Doss and Maheswaran and took them to Suresh Kumar. The former LTTE operative trained them to make improvised explosive devices ( IEDs) and electronic circuits for a variety of bombs and planned to send them to the island nation.\"Two of the four arrested men came to Tamil Nadu as refugees in 2001 and 2003, while the others managed to sneak into the state in 2009 when the Eelam war was in its final stages,\" the officer said. During questioning, the arrested men said they had taken the house in Pammal on rent more than two months ago. Doss was a carpenter and Maheswaran a photo editor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700126", "title": "3-year-old sedated, raped inside southwest Delhi school", "text": "NEW DELHI: A three-year-old girl was allegedly sedated and raped inside a playschool in southwest Delhi by the owner's husband. The accused, Pramod Kumar (35), works as an officer at a research center, a senior police officer said.The incident came to light on Monday, just hours after a 23-year-old woman was gangraped inside a moving bus in south Delhi. The girl's parents came to know about the sexual assault after they took her to a hospital when she reportedly fell \"ill\" in school. Her medical report confirmed assault. Police was informed subsequently. Based on other evidence and the girl's statement, an FIR was registered and the accused was nabbed from the school.According to police, the accused made the girl drink some medicine in school, following which she fell semi-conscious. The accused then raped her and even tried to have unnatural sex with her. The victim began to vomit and was taken to a private nursing home. Doctors detected injuries on her private parts, and she was referred to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital. The report is awaited.In another case, a 23-year-old man was arrested for allegedly sodomizing an 8-year-old boy in Vasant Kunj, south Delhi. The accused, Ravi, was arrested on Sunday night.In a third incident, a 16-year-old girl was allegedly molested by two students in Sarojini Nagar, south Delhi. Moreover, when her uncle tried to save her, he was also beaten up by the boys. The incident took place on December 17 and the two students, Sanjeev Kumar and Ravi Kumar, have been held.Two incidents of rape have also been reported from different areas. A man was arrested for has allegedly raping a 34-year-old woman after promising her marriage, police said. The accused, Michel Joseph (37), had called the woman to his Timarpur flat and offered her cold drink laced with sedatives and subsequently raped her. He apologized for his behavior later and promised to marry her, despite him being married already. But then he started ignoring the woman and even stopped taking her calls. The victim then approached police and an FIR was filed. Joseph was arrested under sections of rape, sedation.A 26-year-old man was also arrested for allegedly raping a woman in New Friends Colony, southeast Delhi. Satish Nayak had befriended the victim on a trip to Agra. He had reportedly offered her a soft drink laced with sedatives and had then raped her, the victim said in her statement. A man, Manoj, was arrested for raping a minor in Malviya Nagar, south Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699012", "title": "Foreign students find English unsurmountable", "text": "HYDERABAD: Communicating with foreign students in English is turning out to be a harrowing experience for teachers at the Osmania University with 70% of the overseas students failing to understand what is being taught in class due to their weak English language skills.The situation here is such that several department heads of the university have even requested the vice chancellor to introduce a basic aptitude and language test before admitting foreign students.Students from Nigeria, Kenya, UAE , Iraq and China, among other countries, apply for various under-graduate and post-graduation courses at OU, where their English language proficiency is not tested before enrolling them. In various post-graduate courses there are over 1000 students from abroad who have enrolled for the 2012-13 academic year.Foreign students use translation devices as their learning tool, which, according to professors, do not serve much purpose. Faculty members across the departments including English, arts and sciences are facing the same problem.Mostly students from China, Iran and Iraq find it tough to cope with the new learning environment, officials said. However, foreign students say they find no problems to study their subjects in English, while some assert that it's up to the university to put them at ease.Ironically, the English department admits foreign students without basic proficiency in English. \"Even students of English literature rely on translation devices to understand lessons. Most of them lack skills to take down notes in English and even forget chapters,\" said a faculty member.\"If students do not understand even the basic scientific terms it's difficult to teach,\" said T Narsing Rao, a faculty member at the chemistry department. While central and other state universities take into consideration scores of TOEFL/GRE for admission of foreign students, but OU does not follow the practice.As per the current procedure, embassies of various countries get in touch with OU every year with a list of candidates who would want to take admission.\"All candidates mentioned in the list are given admissions without checking the background. Let alone their proficiency in English, even their knowledge of the core subject is not checked before admissions,\" said Bradley S Stevenson, a faculty member of the mass communication department.The language barrier apart, most foreign students find the environs of Osmania University a great place to pursue their academic dreams.\"For students who come from across the globe, OU is a reputed institution to get a PG degree from. Many students who come here go on to stay in the city to do their higher studies including M Phil and PhD,\" said Medio Rosa, a student from Iran. \"It is the duty of the teachers to help these students cope with the new learning environment.\"Students said by alleging that foreign nationals are not capable of coping with the learning environment, OU authorities are shirking from their responsibilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17702065", "title": "Good neighbourhood helps check crime: Mysore cops", "text": "MYSORE: When compared to other cities, Mysore is a secure place for women. \"There should be amendment to clauses in laws concerning women , victims should raise voice against crimes by filing complaints. Moreover, the media should play an active role by highlighting punishment which is not being done,\" said MN Sumana, advocate and head of Samatha Adhyana Kendra.Police commissioner KL Sudheer said a good neighbourhood watch helps to keep crimes, including those against women, at bay. He said, \"There has been a general complaint during citizen committee meetings that groups of youths in some parts of Mysore tease girls moving around but so far we haven't received any specific complaints.\"Sudheer said following the Delhi incident, police have intensified night patrolling besides checking vehicles during night hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17702036", "title": "Punjab among safest in the country, says Sukhbir Badal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cornered by the opposition over deteriorating law and order situation in Punjab, the SAD-BJP government has portrayed the state as \"among the safest in the country.\"Marking the end of debate in Vidhan Sabha on law and order, mooted by himself, deputy chief minister-cum-home minister Sukhbir Singh Badal on Thursday cited figures from the National Crime Records Bureau, claiming, \"Punjab is the safest state in the country with negative crime rate during the last five years.\"Arguing that a government's performance should be adjudged by the action taken, Sukhbir defended the state government in the case pertaining to ASI Ravinderpal's murder while saving his daughter's honour, saying, \"All the accused were arrested within seven hours, the prime accused, who was an Akali leader, was dismissed from party and those who recommended his name too were dismissed and the SHO of the police station was also dismissed for dereliction of duty.\"Rebutting the charge of illegal vends levelled by leader of Opposition, Sunil Jakhar, Badal said, \"During Capt Amarinder's regime, he mortgaged the total liquor business of the whole state to Ponty Chadha. Revenue growth from liquor vends during Amarinder regime was a meagre Rs 80 crore in 2002, Rs 31 crore in 2003, Rs 36 crore in 2004 and Rs 71 crore in 2005. It showed a decrease of Rs 206 crore in 2006-07. In comparison, Punjab showed an increase of Rs 500 crore in first year, Rs 300 crore in 2nd and 3rd years and Rs 350 crore in 4th year of previous SAD-BJP rule and our revenue jumped from Rs 1,400 crore during Amarinder's regime to Rs 3,200 crore.\"Quoting reports of the Union home ministry, Badal said, \"Punjab ranks 25th in the comparative records of 28 states as far as incidence rate of cognizable crimes was concerned, whereas Congress-ruled state Kerala was the most crime prone state, with Pudducherry 2nd, Delhi fourth and Haryana 8th. As far as crimes against women were concerned, Punjab ranked 19th whereas West Bengal was number 1.\"Highlighting a study by Economic and Political Weekly, an economic magazine, in its issue dated December 8, 2012, where it has ranked Punjab at the top of \"Best performing states\" among 17 major states in India on parameters like infrastructure, service delivery, social service delivery, fiscal performance, law and order, judicial service delivery and quality of legislature, Badal said, \"These were certificates from Union home ministry and a most-independent international economic weekly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700406", "title": "Need more time to implement Right to Education Act: BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC on Thursday sought relaxation to implement some Right to Education (RTE) Act clauses. It recommended that the state should make amendment to a clause that now defines primary education as from class I to VIII. After government officials made a presentation, a special house meeting was called by leader of the house Yashodhar Phanse on Thursday to discuss the Act.Corporators across all parties discussed the limitations and shortcomings in the Act. The civic administration presented clauses which were in conflict with the existing system.In Maharashtra, class I to class IV is classified as primary, V to VII as higher primary and VIII to X as secondary. It is BMC's obligatory duty to provide primary education. However, the Act classifies primary education from class I to VIII.\"Now, we have to provide education up to class VIII. We have to build infrastructure and need time classes and recruit teachers under RTE Act. We need time and money to implement it, or the government should make amendments defining primary education from class I to class VII,\" said SP leader Rais Shaikh.BMC has also sought intervention in another clause which says each classroom can have 35 pupils per division.\"The BMC schools run over 100 children per classroom. We have to create infrastructure. The BMC needs time for that,\" said Shaikh.If the BMC fails to comply with the RTE clauses, the schools will be derecognized.\"Ideally the administration should have presented to the house how much they had prepared themselves for the RTE implementation. The ruling Sena-BJP was discussing about the limitiations. This isn't a parliament or an assembly,\"said Shaikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17698918", "title": "Shivaji Park residents keep watch on Sena's stambh plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of Shivaji Park, who heaved a sigh of relief on Monday, have adopted a wait-and-watch policy after murmurs of the Shiv Sena's latest plan to build an earthen structure on the plot they are demanding for a memorial garden on the periphery of the park.It is being said that the Sena wants to put up a foot-high earthen 'smruti stambh' in memory of Bal Thackeray on the plot demarcated between the Shivaji statue and the Shivaji Park Nagrik Sangh building.\"Strictly speaking, the interchangeable use from a recreation ground or a playground to a garden isn't permissible by law. As there are two gardens in Shivaji Park, one can be named after the Sena supremo,\" said a resident, suggesting a way out.Any fixed platform or an earthen structure clad in marble will be defined as a building by the Development Control Regulations. \"If the civic body wants to strictly follow the law, even a garden or a mud stambh shouldn't be allowed. It's up to the public authority and the government to consider tolerating an earthen structure which will not be according to law,\" added the resident.However, the residents are relieved that the operational part of Shivaji Park has been vacated. \"We are happy with that decision. As long as the ground is left open for budding cricketers and for children to play, we have no issues. The opposition parties have made their stand clear to oppose any kind of earthen structure on the plot,\" said another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700138", "title": "Hansraj earn Harris promotion", "text": "MUMBAI: The script was pre-written and Hansraj Morarji Public School (Andheri) earned their much deserved promotion into the Elite Group after frustrating Dhirubhai Ambani International School (Bandra) on the third and final day of their Harris Shield Plate 'B' division final, at Cross Maidan, on Thursday.The other three teams to qualify for the Elite Group were - Al Barakat, Digamber Patkar Vidyalaya and St Francis D'Assisi.Resuming on 71-1, Hansraj went on to score 132-5 in their second essay before their rivals conceded the match despite some spirited display from spinner Dhanay Parekh, whose effort of 4-27 went in vain.With a 281-run first innings lead in their kitty, Hansraj had already grabbed the upper hand in the encounter and victory was just a formality - it was a question of when Ambani will give up their patience.\"This win has come as a great morale booster and we look to perform in similar fashion in the Elite Group next year,\" said a confident Thakur.BRIEF SCORES: Hansraj Morarji 367 &amp; 132-5 in 57.5 overs (Piyush Panchal 45, Onkar Thakur 33; Dhanay Parekh 4-27, Agni Chopra 1-36) bt Dhirubhal Ambani International School 86 on first innings lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701216", "title": "Stellar Olympian Leslie Claudius bids adieu", "text": "KOLKATA: India lost one of its greatest Olympians when hockey legend Leslie Walter Claudius passed away on Thursday after a prolonged illness. He was 85 and is survived by his wife and three sons, two of whom live in Australia. His youngest son Robert (Bobby), who played for India in the 1978 World Cup, died in a road accident.Claudius was being treated for cirrhosis of liver and had to be hospitalised four times in the past 11 months. Like on the hockey pitch, he battled hard and came out out a winner more often than not, before finally succumbing on Thursday afternoon.An eminent member of India's golden generation, Claudius storied career saw him winning three Olympic gold medals - 1948 (London), 1952 (Helsinki) and 1956 (Melbourne) - and a silver (1960, Rome). He and Udham Singh are the only two players in the history of hockey to have won four Olympic medals.Somewhere between his laid-back, selfeffacing nature and the all-consuming rise of cricket as India's No. 1 sport, the greatness of Leslie Claudius' sporting achievements have been seriously compromised. In an Olympics year, when the focus of a nation of 1.2 billion had mostly been about participating rights, all that has to be done is lay facts on the table.Four Olympics, three gold medals and one silver! Whichever way one looks, that is one of the most staggering feats in the country's sporting history. He participated in four consecutive Olympics, and the medals speak for the quality of the teams he found a berth in. He was good enough to actually lead the team to the 1960 Games in Rome , and would lament till the last because the gold slipped away \"despite India being the best team\".That smile on his face, the hint of a stoop as he walked and the spectacles balanced on his nose... Leslie could pass off as a professor in his later years. Yet, he was one stubborn right-half in his playing days.Dhyan Chand likened him to a sparrow for the way he was 'hopping' all over the pitch and KD Singh Babu, frustrated by Leslie's tackles, had once told him: \"Tu bahut chalu hai (you are very clever), how come you stop me every time?\" Just like the man, his game was never loud or showy. Those who watched Leslie play, say he went about his business with a quiet efficiency that could be frustratingly deceptive for opposing players. The London Times, impressed by the bamboo-legged Anglo-Indian's effective and pleasing game, once wrote: \"Hockey is not worthwhile watching if he is not playing.\"Remarkably, the man who finds a place in the Guinness Book of World Records (with Udham Singh) for having won the maximum number of Olympic medals in hockey, actually chanced upon the game. One of nine children, Leslie came to Kolkata (then Calcutta) armed with football skills, which even got him a job with the Bengal Nagpur Railways. It was at Kharagpur, where he was posted, that Leslie came in touch with hockey Olympians like Joe Galibardy, Carl Tapsel and Dickie Carr who played for BNR too.He would watch them practise and at play, and one day was asked to join them during a practice match between the BNR 'A' and 'B' teams when they were a man short. Carr, the skipper of the side, quite liked his game and called him for a trial. \"They even had my hockey stick cut shorter by three inches so that I could use it more effectively\" he would recollect later.Leslie made the team and football soon faded away from his scheme of things. Just two years after he took up hockey, he was in the squad for the 1948 London Olympics.He would be part of the teams at Helsinki and Melbourne as India clinched a hat-trick of gold medals at the Olympics. He became the captain of the Indian team in 1959 with Dhyan Chand as the coach. On the European tour under him, the team won 15 of the 19 matches it played and lost just one. At the 1960 Olympics in Rome, Leslie was left heart-broken after Pakistan snapped India's run of 30 consecutive victories in Olympics since 1928 in the final.He ended his international career there, though he continued to play for Bengal and Calcutta Customs for the next five years. He retired from Customs as an assistant collector after 36 years of service.Leslie was awarded the Padma Shri in 1971. The 2012 Olympics organisers had temporarily renamed Bushey Railway Station in London after Leslie.As failing health restricted his movement in recent years, Leslie gave up his annual visits to Australia where two of his sons reside. However, he would push himself out of the house whenever he could, particularly if there was a hockey event to attend. Or meet friends on the Maidan.In 2007, at the Rangers Club, he got a chance to catch up with Galibardy. Then the only surviving member of the 1936 Berlin Olympics team, Galibardy had flown in to be chief guest at the centenary celebrations of his school in Kurseong.There was a quiet dignity about Leslie, and he took the up and the down with a graciousness that was exemplary.Unassuming, simple and easy to approach, if he had to make a point about the state of the game, he did it without rancour or remorse, content only at reminding the powers-that-be to pull up their socks. Even when his son Robert (Bobby), who represented India at the 1978 World Cup in Buenos Aires , died in a road accident in Kolkata, he suffered privately.In a country notorious for forgetting its heroes, Leslie never complained that he received less attention than many other sportspersons. \"God's been kind\" was a phrase that slipped so easily from between smiling lips. He represented an era when greatness wasn't about branding or votes, when greats wore humility like the elusive fragrance of fresh flowers.Goodbye Leslie. RIP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17700120", "title": "Patients choke on Sada waste plant smoke &amp; fire", "text": "VASCO: For the last three days smoke and, at times, small fires have been seen emitting from the heaps of garbage at the waste treatment plant of the Mormugao municipal council (MMC) at Sada.Francisco Mendes, station officer, fire services, Vasco, told TOI, \"The fire started on Monday night and from then smoke has been reported now and then.\"He said the fire tender has made three trips in four days to the plant, undertaking the extinguishing operation for two hours per trip.On Thursday, thick clouds of smoke could be seen over the plant.MMC chief officer Agnelo Fernandes said, \"We are not happy at all with the performance of the plant. Things have come to a complete standstill over the last few months.\"Dr Nimish Pillai of the Mormugao port trust (MPT) hospital that's about 150m away from the plant said, \"Though we have become habituated to the foul smell from the plant, the last few days have been hell; especially for our patients. They have started complaining of suffocation because of the smoke.\"Sources claimed that the plant has been given on lease for 20 years to a Mumbai-based private firm, and for the last 12 years its operations are not making the MMC any profits.While compost produced at the plant is still lying at the premises, sources said the plant was last operated before the monsoon. Shortly after that the machinery broke down, leading to the garbage heaps piling up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701870", "title": "Outrage spills on to the roads", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Rape Raj\", \"Defiled we stand\", \"Too late to wait,\" \"Needed zero tolerance for crimes against women,\" so read some of the placards carried by hundreds of people from different walks of life, who held silent protests against increasing number of instances of violence against women, especially the recent Delhi gang-rape case. Thursday saw two silent protests being held, one at the IT Park and the second at the Sector 17 piazza, with people carrying placards in their hands.\"Over the years the situation has gone from bad to worse and if we let things be just as they are, soon we will see a situation similar to that perpetrated by the Taliban,\" said Anjali Dhingra of Sector 4, Mansa Devi Complex, Panchkula. Anjali, a housewife, decided to stand up against the Delhi rape case by holding a protest at the IT Park. She, along with the families of her sector came together and held a protest there.Ruchi Jaswal, a housewife, who had joined in the protest said, \"It's high time that we raised our voice against such barbaric acts. If we don't do so, then gangrapes will continue.\" Tripta Patial, a housewife said, \"People are not scared of committing such crimes. Before hanging such criminals police should torture them and this should be shown on television so that no one dares to do commit such crimes.\"Shelly Arora, a class XII student said that she had taken leave from her school so that she could participate in the protest. She said that she too had faced harassment many times and had ignored it but she would not keep quite now as enough was enough.Arzoo Arora, a class XII student said that she used to ignore people who indulged in teasing on the roads but recently she took a stand and told the person who was troubling her that she would give his vehicle number to the police, hearing which he took to his heals. Nitish Kapoor, a college student said that girls should keep devices like pepper sprays to protect themselves and instead of telling daughters not to move out of homes, mothers need to tell their sons to behave properly. In the evening at the Sector 17 piazza a candle light march was organized, by an NGO along with social workers. Pramod Sharma, the coordinator of an NGO said, \"Now we can no longer put the burden on women to be sensible, safe, distrustful or learn self-defence to combat assaults. It is time to turn outrage into action.\"\"As a woman and a mother, this incident has given me sleepless nights. I am willing to do anything to ensure that such incidents are not repeated,\" said Ritesh Vashisht, a real estate professional, accompanied by her eight-year-old daughter. Anjali and her group will hold a silent protest at the IT Park on Friday and Saturday at 11.30am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700345", "title": "State govt employees comes between BJP and victory party", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the spectacular win of chief minister Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party in Gujarat brings hopes for a better tomorrow for the party, what the state leaders here are unable to put behind them is the anger of the state government employees against the party's stand on the reservation in promotion bill.The state BJP leaders called it an indication of how state government employees could stall the party's progress even after Modi's win in days to come, when none of the BJP workers or office-bearers was allowed to celebrate Gujarat win with a victory procession outside the district party office. In fact, the victory procession planned by district BJP unit at 4pm was called off after protesting employees threatened to stop party workers from any celebration.Sweets were distributed and crackers burst to mark the victory in Gujarat at the state BJP headquarters on Thursday morning as the news of Modi's hat-trick in Gujarat started trickling in. Aware probably of such sentiments and its repercussion in Lok Sabha election, several MLAs of the party, who were against reservation in promotion, met national BJP chief Nitin Gadkari on Thursday. While they apprised the chief about their sentiments, they put forth their point on how the support to the bill would have an adverse impact in Uttar Pradesh, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi told TOI from New Delhi.Party's MP from Gorakhpur Yogi Adityanath, who had termed the bill as unconstitutional, told mediapersons that BJP had requested Congress to put the bill before the Supreme Court bench for its opinion before tabling it in Lok Sabha in the budget session as Parliament was adjourned sine die without voting on the 117th amendment bill, paving way for reservation in promotion.On Thursday, BJP MP from Aonla Maneka Gandhi went on to claim: \"All BJP MPs from UP are strongly opposed to reservation in promotion,\" the PTI has reported.For now, however, the BJP can breathe easy as the bill in Lok Sabha could not be taken up. This gives time to BJP to reframe its strategy.After remaining at the receiving end for the past over a week from the state government employees, the victory of Modi-led BJP in Gujarat has come as a morale-booster and with new hope for the state leaders. That way, Modi's victory has come as a lucky charm for the state BJP leaders, as the agitation of the employees also came to an end with the win of Modi's BJP in Gujarat assembly polls.The state BJP wants to cash in on this lucky charm. \"He is a national leader by all means and his presence in various programmes in Uttar Pradesh would certainly act as fillip for the poorly placed party in Assembly as well as Parliament,\" said BJP spokesman Vijay Bahadur Pathak, adding that there was no harm in inviting Modi to address people in the state.Whether the move pays result or not only time will tell, but this would certainly give grist to rumour mills, with speculations since even before Gujarat election began that Narendra Modi could be fielded from the state capital in the Lok Sabha polls, another leader said in lighter vein. Though far-fetched and logically not a bad strategy if BJP has to cash on polarization of votes with Samajwadi Party at the helm of affairs in the state, Modi's presence in the state might not be a bad gamble, said another leader.The fact that if at all the party has to perform well in the Lok Sabha election irrespective of whether Narendra Modi is projected as PM candidate or anyone else, Uttar Pradesh will have to be given special attention. Political pundits feel it would be difficult for the BJP not to project Narendra Modi as PM candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "keshav dutt", "code": "17701289", "title": "Leslie Claudius' former teammates pay tribute", "text": "Keshav Dutt: It is a very sad news. Only this morning I read he was getting better. I got to know Leslie in 1951 when I came to Calcutta to join Port. We had a fine team and I enjoyed playing with him. We soon became very good friends. He was an outstanding player. Despite being small in built, he was a fine right-half, a very intelligent player. He was able to read opponents' weaknesses quickly. He taught a lot of young players how to be good half-backs. He was a generous man with a good sense of humour, always looking at the brighter side of life. We never saw him depressed, and there was always this infectious cheerfulness about him. Not many know that Leslie was a good singer. We played together at the 1948 and 1952 Olympics and would have at the 1956 Games as well, but I couldn't go because of commitments to my employers. When Bobby (Leslie's son) died in a scooter accident, Leslie was very brave. He was traumatized but hid his emotions well. Goodbye, friend!Gurbux Singh: Our association goes back more than half a century - from the time I came to Kolkata to join Customs in 1957. We never played together for the Indian team but we attended national camps in 1959 and 1960. Leslie was my roommate on our last trip together, to Delhi, to send off the Olympics team in July. He was a simple man and very witty, a great person to have around. He kept everyone in the right frame of mind on our long train journeys with his cheerfulness. His hockey too was simple, based more on intelligence and an uncanny sense of anticipation. Once he got the ball, he never wasted it and would initiate an attack, often accompanying the forwards right up to the opponents' D. Sadly, he did not get his due in the country or in Bengal.RS Bhola: He was a champion. He was slightly built, but was a great player. I was Services' captain and he was Bengal's in domestic hockey. Being small in size, his position was right-half and I was the left-out. We used to encounter each other during matches. He used his position to block me and it was always difficult to dodge past him. So I used to push the ball between his legs to beat him. And whenever I managed to do that successfully, I used to run ahead with the ball as I had the speed. In 1954, I first played for India with Claudius in the team in a tournament in Singapore . I found him to be very modest, simple. He had the brain to play hockey. I pray his soul rests in peace. He's was a great personality on the field and he deserves all the appreciation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17701719", "title": "Odisha govt convenes meeting to discuss Suktel project", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has convened a high-level meeting, chaired by chief secretary Bijay Patnaik, on December 22 to discuss various issues concerning the Lower Suktel irrigation project, Balangir legislator A U Singhdeo told the state Assembly here on Thursday.Singhdeo, a former planning and coordination minister, made the announcement after Congress legislator Santosh Singh Saluja protested tardy progress in the irrigation project inside the House.Saluja, who on Thursday attended the state assembly after being suspended for a week, tied a cloth around his mouth to protest the government's alleged bid to suppress his voice and displayed a poster seeking expeditious implementation of the Lower Suktel project in Balangir district. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17701480", "title": "Lawyer beaten up by cops gets compensation", "text": "KOCHI: For Vibin P V, the main consolation following the Kerala high court's order on Thursday was not the cash compensation but recovered self-esteem. On February 14, the lawyer from Njarackal lost five teeth and suffered head injuries after being attacked by a police patrol.Considering a petition by Vibin seeking compensation, a division bench comprising justices K M Joseph and K Harilal ordered the state government to pay him Rs 50,000. \"If I'm not able to protect myself, being a lawyer, how can I face others? I'm overjoyed by the court's order. It relates to my personal esteem,\" Vibin said.The lawyer was returning home on his bike after watching a second show movie at Njarakkal when he was attacked for not allegedly stopping the vehicle for inspection by a police team led by SI Vince Joseph. A case of attempted murder was registered following Vibin's complaint against Vince, constable Eldho, and home guard O F Varghese.The home guard was later dismissed from service and arrested on charges of attacking the advocate. On October 18, the state government had informed the court that only the home guard has been made an accused in the case and that the police officials had no role in the attack.The court ordered compensation after Vibin's counsel Basil Attipetty argued that state government was liable to provide compensation for the action of the home guard and police as they are under the control of the government.\"They [state government] have filed a report arraigning only the home guard as an accused. The police themselves are inquiring into the attack by policemen. The home guard has no relation to the department. They are protecting the others. I expect the high court's order to bring about a change in that,\" Vibin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17701814", "title": "Unsolved cases haunt Dakshina Kannada police", "text": "MANGALORE: Women are safe in Dakshina Kannada, but for the odd-instances when self-appointed vigilantes displayed their might on them under full media glare. Yet, there are a few unsolved cases against women in the two policing units in the district - DK District Police and Mangalore City Police- which gives one the impression that things could have been better.The Sowjanya murder in Ujire, the attack on girls at a homestay in Padil and the Panjimogaru double murder case are the three major cases that hit the headlines in the past two years. The II PU student of Ujire SDM College Sowjanya, daughter of Chandappa Gowda, a PWD contractor and resident of Pangala, was found brutally murdered after raped near Pangala in Dharmasthala on October 10.Though police had arrested Santhosh Rao from Bajagoli in Karakla in connection with the incident, there was a huge hue and cry from various sections of society to conduct a thorough probe into the case.The city police too has so far failed to crack the Panjimogaru double murder case. Unknown people killed Razia, 35, wife of Hameed, a scrap dealer, and his daughter Zuha, 8, at their residence of the Kulur-Kavoor road under Kavoor police station limits on June 28, 2011. Both these cases have been handed over to the CID.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17702268", "title": "Production hit at Hindustan Aeronautics Limited due to protest by tribals", "text": "KORAPUT: Production was hit at Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), Sunabeda, on Thursday after hundreds of tribals staged an agitation in front of the factory's main gate accusing the PSU of neglecting peripheral villages. The Sunabeda unit of HAL produces engines for MiG and Sukhoi aircrafts.Employees failed to enter the factory as agitators stopped them from entering their premises. They even blocked the roads leading to the factory by felling trees. \"We have approached the administration and HAL authorities to fulfill our demands but each time we returned with only assurances. So, this time we are determined and will not call off our agitation till written assurance is given to us,\" said convenor of HAL Displaced Persons Association (HALDPA) Sadhu Chhatria.The agitators allege that while 5,000 families of at least 22 villages were displaced and had lost their land in the mid-sixties when 3121.15 acres was acquired for establishment of HAL, the PSU has adopted only eight villages for development work.The agitators are demanding overall development of all the 22 affected villages, employment to at least one person of each displaced household, education facilities in peripheral villages, return of land acquired for HAL but lying unused.A senior HAL official said 800 employees out of 3,700 had managed to get inside the factory before the arrival of the agitators but were unable to come out as the protesters block their path. There was no sign of the agitation being called off till late in the evening. District officials said talks are on with HAL authorities and the agitators. \"Officials are trying to pacify the agitators and we are hopeful of solution,\" said collector (Koraput) Sachin Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700856", "title": "Fergusson College student still undergoing medical treatment", "text": "PUNE: The 20-year-old student of the premier Fergusson College who was attacked by a youth with a sickle last week after she declined his offer of 'friendship' is still undergoing medical treatment. The victim is recuperating at home even as her college mates say they are yet to recover from the shocking incident that happened right in front of their eyes on a bustling campus. College authorities have beefed up security and have assured students of their safety on campus.The accused, Anmol Jadhavrao, has been sent to judicial custody and police said that they have almost completed the investigation and will file a chargesheet soon.On Thursday, students who spoke with TOI said the incident had left them feeling anxious and their parents worried about their safety. A student on condition of anonymity said, \"I often sit on the steps of my classroom with friends and discuss various things like academic issues, planning projects or some extra-curricular activities. But after the incident I have become a little nervous. I now prefer going home sooner.\"The college has many buildings and students spend considerable time here during the day as well as late in the evening for studies or simply planning or preparing for cultural activities.Ravindrasinh Pardeshi, principal of the College said, \"A meeting of students was called on the day after the attack and the issue was discussed with them. The college assured female students about their safety and all the precautions being taken by the college. The college administration has beefed up the security and also instructed the security guards to pay more attention on movements in the college.\"Sub-inspector Sunil Sakhare of the Janwadi police chowky said, \"The boy who attacked the student of the college was not a student of Fergusson college. He has studied only up to Class XII and was working with his garment dealer father. He is in judicial custody till December 31. Our investigation is almost complete and we will soon file a chargsheet against him.\"Another student from the college, who is not a city resident, said her parents were worried following the attack. \"It took me three to four days to convince my parents that the incident is not common and that I am safe here. I have also asked my seniors in the college to speak to my parents and assure them of my safety. My parents panicked following the episode and it affected my study schedule. Now, I also get nervous unnecessarily following the episode.\"A girl student of FC college was attacked by a youth with a sickle in the college premises last Monday evening. The police had said the youth, Anmol Jadhavrao (20), attacked the girl after she refused to accept his offer of friendship. The suspect, Anmol, was arrested at around 10.30 am on Tuesday.The girl is a final year bachelor of computer science (BCS) student. Her father is a former corporator. Both Anmol and the girl live in Kothrud.Officials of Deccan police said the girl had finished her class at around 6.30 pm and was about to leave with her friend who had come to pick her up on her two-wheeler. They stopped for a while to talk to a another friend when Anmol arrived in his car. According to the police, Anmol immediately pulled out a sickle and hit the girl on her abdomen. The girl began to run but Anmol chased her, caught hold of her and then aimed a blow at her head when she grabbed his hand. She suffered injuries on her head and shoulder.Sub-inspector Sunil Sakhare of the Janwadi police chowky said several students were present at the time of the attack but none dared to intervene as Anmol allegedly threatened to attack them too. \"However, on seeing the number of students swelling, he fled in his car. The girl then called up her father who came there and took her to hospital. The CCTVs installed in the college premises have captured images of the attack,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17702129", "title": "Carmel students to adopt five peacocks", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The members of Nature Club of Carmel Girls Higher Secondary School have shown a rare gesture of compassion towards five peacocks in the Trivandum Zoo.On Friday, in the presence of museum and zoo minister P K Jayalakshmi, the students will adopt the birds. \"This is the first time birds are being adopted. It's not something new to sponsor animals, but the students' bid is something unique. We contacted the zoo authorities when the girls wanted to adopt an animal. Since peacock is the national bird and appeals to girls, we opted in favor of peacocks,\" said the school authorities.According to Lissy Mary John and Nirmala M, teachers in-charge of the Nature Club, adopting peacocks would not only help the better upkeep of animals, but also enhance students' understanding of the importance of conserving flora and fauna. The students have contributed Rs 8,000 to provide veterinary care and food for the adopted birds.\"When the kids came to me requesting permission to adopt peacocks, I remembered my childhood days. This is the best way to spread the message of man-animal co-existence. Around 55 people have died in Wayanad district alone in the past five years as a result of man-animal conflict,\" said minister P K Jayalakshmi.The minister added that the ministry is in the process of framing an adoption policy which will enable individuals and organizations to adopt zoo animals for a period of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701847", "title": "30 rape cases pending in court for past 10 years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As many as 30 rape cases, including three of gang rape, are pending in the district courts, sector 17, for the past 10 years. The cases in which chargesheets have been filed involve businessmen and former bureaucrats.In some cases, the accused were declared proclaimed offenders.The oldest rape case dates back to August, 2002, in which some businessman and a former bureaucrat were booked and arrested for raping a girl. The rape case hit headlines around 10 years ago.A senior law officer attached with the district court said, \"In eight of 30 rape cases, the Punjab and Haryana high court stayed trials, which were resumed again after court overruled the stay.\"According to sources in the district court, in all 30 cases, Chandigarh police submitted detailed chargesheets against the accused.But in 16 cases, chargesheets were submitted after a lengthy time lag. Supplementary chargesheets were also filed in some cases.Deputy district attorney (DDA) Manu Kakkar said, \"Lengthy procedures had to be taken in many cases where complainants and witnesses disappeared, leading to the cases getting stuck. Late arrival of forensic reports also held up cases. Ironically, in some cases, the trial was completed between three to six months.\"Although, the Chandigarh district courts in Sector 17 does not have a fast track court for rape cases, trial in the infamous German girl rape case, in which five men were arrested, was completed in three months.All the five accused were convicted in January, 2008. The girl was abducted from Sector 17 and raped in the outskirts of Ambala in September, 2007.A delegation of traders, on Thursday, also apprised the MC commissioner Vivek Partap Singh of the long pending and day-to-day problems faced by them and the shoppers. Their demands included renovation of two public toilets under the flyover, sufficient dust bins in all the markets, more drinking water coolers, fast development of GPO-DC office open area, installation of high-mast street light in the parking and market, permanent solution to clear squatters, and a permanent solution for hassle-free parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17700056", "title": "Beach erosion to get Rs 50cr central cheque", "text": "PANAJI: Goa tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, in a recent meeting with Union minister of state for tourism, Chiranjeevi, requested for Rs 250 crore to combat beach erosion in Goa.Chiranjeevi, said Parulekar, has assured the state Rs 50 crore, as a first phase, within this financial year itself.Briefing reporters about his wide-ranging discussions with Chiranjeevi in Delhi on December 18, Parulekar said the Union minister also said funds for a number of tourism-related projects would be given after the Goa government submits written proposals to the Centre for the same.The Centre has assured the state that during the forthcoming year it could consider giving grants to preserve 20 km of beach stretch in the first phase, once a specific proposal to that effect is received from the Goa tourism department.The tourism department will now prepare proposals on several projects such as beach cleaning, beach security, conservation of heritage structures in Goa, etc, and submit these to the Union tourism ministry in the first week of January, Parulekar said.The tourism minister said that he got \"a very positive response\" from Chiranjeevi, who did not show any reluctance to sanction funds to Goa.The Union minister reportedly only complained that earlier funds given to Goa tourism -during the erstwhile Congress regime-were not utilized, and part of the funds was even returned to the Centre.Parulekar said that he has now started expediting files pertaining to tourism projects and a few of these-such as beach cleaning and beach security-will be tendered shortly. Chiranjeevi has also agreed to attend as chief guest the Carnival celebrations on February 9 and 10, 2013, and may make some announcements regarding central funds to Goa, Parulekar said.The Union minister will also interact with fraternity from the travel and trade industry in Goa during his visit to the state and review the progress of various tourism infrastructure-related works in the state.The Goa delegation was led by Parulekar and also included chairman of Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC) Nilesh Cabral and director of tourism Nikhil Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17702073", "title": "Finger rings recovered from scene of murder", "text": "MYSORE: The city police doubt -- whether the kidnap and murder of Sanjay was for ransom -- has strengthened with the recovery of two missing gold rings from the spot where the body was found.While recovering Sanjay's body from Varuna canal on Wednesday, police had found a gold ring, an ear-stud and a silver bracelet. But his finger rings were missing.\"Around 10.30am, investigators found the rings from the canal near Dodda Katur, after a three-hour search,\" said police commissioner K L Sudheer.Sudheer also said: \"Kidnappers were demanding ransom to set Sanjay free. But they hadn't touched any Sanjay's valuables worth nearly Rs 1 lakh. This led us to doubt whether the kidnap was for ransom. It is also possible that miscreants are trying to mislead us.\" The commissioner, however, said it is too early to come to a conclusion.Cause of death still unknown Mysore police are seeking the assistance of forensic experts to establish the cause of death of Sanjay, whose body was recovered from a canal on Wednesday. His body was found in decomposed state.Police commissioner said: \"We are yet to know the cause of death. His body was putrid. Even after post-mortem, we couldn't ascertain the cause. That is why we are seeking experts' assistance to establish the cause.\"Sudheer confirmed that there was no external injury or marks on Sanjay's body.MMRCI medical officer Chandrashekar T N said that the cause of death is hard to ascertain because of the body's condition.Police are looking into the possibility that Sanjay's body might have been recovered five days after his death.Mysore police are verifying the details of four SIM cards recovered from Sanjay's trouser pocket. But they are yet to trace the miscreants or recover the cellphone handset and the SIM was used to make calls to Tararam, Sanjay's father.Meanwhile, Sanjay's body was laid to rest at Gokulam graveyard in Mysore around 2.30pm on Thursday. His friends , relatives and well-wishers attended the funeral.Rajasthanis shut business Hundreds of Rajasthanis running business in Mysore on Thursday shut their shops to mourn Sanjay's death. His family had migrated from Rajasthan 22 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17701364", "title": "Top cop vows measures to curb crimes against women", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Rising incidents of sexual harassment across the country at large and in the state in particular have prompted the chief cop of the state to announce several measures to strengthen policing to check what he described as a social menace.The Director General of Police (DGP), Jharkhand, G S Rath, has said 150 compact police stations will be established in the state soon. In the city, to take part in a police programme on Thursday, Rath said the compact police stations will be equipped with modern technological gadgets which would help in checking incidents of sexual harassment more effectively. He also said the department plans to improve the existing infrastructure of the police stations in the state.\"The menace of sexual harassment cannot be dealt with by the police alone. The society at large should come forward and join hands with the police in addressing the crime,\" said the DGP, talking to the press at the SSP office.About an increasing number of molestation victims approaching the police in recent times, the DGP said, \"At least, now the victims are showing courage to lodge complaints (with the police) which is a brave step for the women to take. Earlier, the cases of sexual harassment hardly reached the local police station,\" said Rath. Announcing strict action against the teasers he said all the district police headquarters have been asked to open anti-teasing cell in their respective districts and upgrade the existing ones. The DGP, however, denied any plan to open new women police stations in the state.He also said the police will be given adequate training in handling advanced technological gadgets to deal with cyber crime. \"Our police are efficient in dealing with cyber crime but there's always scope to do better so further training is what is required in this regard,\" said the DGP.The DGP said there's no spurt in Maoist related incidents although the state has witnessed sporadic incidents of violence caused by Maoists in the past few months. \"In Kiriburu, (where the rebels torched over 20 vehicles on Nov 16) the incident took place because the contractor didn't pay the levy he assured he would pay to the rebels,\" claimed the DGP.Rath said composite check-posts in the bordering areas of the state will come up soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17702232", "title": "Naveen Patnaik inaugurates international IT conference", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bhubaneswar has become one of the most favoured IT destination among Tier-II cities in the country with IT exports from the state pegged at over Rs. 1,410 crore during 2011-12, chief minister Naveen Patnaik said on Thursday.\"Undoubtedly, the IT sector is today at the top of the government's agenda and Odisha has always been in the forefront of the IT revolution\", he said after inaugurating the three-day third international conference on \"Swarm, Evolutionary and Memetic Computing\" and \"Fuzzy and Neural Computing\". The international conference was organized by Institute of Technical Education and Research (ITER), a constituent of the SOA University here.\"We have witnessed a remarkable growth in both large, small and medium IT industries in Bhubaneswar in last six to seven years. All the four major IT players-Infosys, TCS, Wipro and Mahindra Satyam-have established their development centres in Bhubaneswar,\" the chief minister added.About the conference, the chief minister said that it brought together researchers from academia and industry to report and review latest advancements in the cutting-edge research with Neuro computing, Fuzzy computing and Neuro-Fuzzy hybrid computing.\"Experts will explore new application areas and try to design new hybrid algorithms for solving different real world application problems and finally to create awareness on these domains to a wider audience through this conference\", he said.Vice-chancellor of the University, Prof R P Mohanty presided over the conference while Prof Xin Yao, professor at the School of Computer Science of the University of Birmingham was the main attraction of the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17700977", "title": "HAL adopts tiger, chimpanzee, rhinoceros at Kanpur zoo", "text": "KANPUR: The Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) on Thursday adopted three zoo inmates in Kanpur zoo including a tiger, rhinoceros and chimpanzee. All three have been adopted for a period of one year by HAL-Aircraft Transportation Department.In a simple ceremony held in the zoo, D Balasubramaniam, general manager HAL-Aircraft Transportation Department, handed over a cheque to Praveen Rao, zoo director. The amount would be used towards upkeep of the three animals. A team of 10 HAL officials were present at the function. The animals have been adopted from December 20 to December 19, 2013. During the function, students of Children's House school were also present.Speaking on the occasion, Balasubramaniam said it was the second year rhino and chimpanzee had been adopted, while tiger had been adopted for the first time.Talking to TOI, Rao informed that HAL officials handed over a cheque of Rs 4.41 lakh for the upkeep of the animals on Thursday, adding that rhino and chimp were adopted by HAL-Kanpur last year too.Rao added that adopting zoo inmates directly means rendering contribution to animal conservation. Zoos across the country have been empowered by the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) to run adoption programmes, thereby giving chance to individuals and organisations both to adopt animals and contribute towards conservation of wildlife.This year, the Kanpur zoo was successful in carrying out an adoption scheme. A number of wild animals and birds of different species have been adopted by citizens, NGOs, PSUs, corporate houses and environmentalists. \"The rising trend of animal adoption is because of awareness. More and more organisations come forward to adopt the animals by paying for their upkeep,\" said Rao.This year, besides tiger, chimpanzee and rhino, Macau, peacock, bear, etc have been adopted and compared to previous years, the adoption rate is higher.The amount received is used for providing feed to the animals and for their upkeep and health facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701385", "title": "Hyderabadi food festival begins today", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchiites can savour Hyderabadi food at the 10-day food festival, starting on December 21 at Hotel Chanakya BNR. A chef from a five-star hotel in Hyderabad has been invited for the occasion.Executive chef at Chanakya, Pinaki Mishra, said, \"The chef of a five-star hotel of Hyderbad along with his team members have come on special request. Ingredients for the food have been brought from Hyderabad.\"The gourmet spread includes gosht hussaini kebab, chingri Biriyani, Golkunda ka korma, sahi raan murgh kalmi kebab, laila ki unglia, baghara baigan and paneer korma. Food and beverages manager at Chanakya, Dharamveer Kumar, said, \"The food festival will be a la carte and will cost Rs 400 per person.\"\"There is Charminar at the entrance as gate and chandeliers, velvet and golden tissue drapes, hookahs, surahi for serving water, special candle stands, portraits of Nizams, swords and shields in the interiors,\" said Dharamveer.Resident manager of the Hotel, Sudhir Mishra said, \"Thepatrons will also get to listen to live ghazal performances with their food.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17700784", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plan to raise Rs 200-cr loan delayed for want of documents", "text": "NASHIK: An Nashik Municipal Corporation proposal to raise a loan of Rs 200 crore to finance various civic works has been delayed as the state government is yet to grant its approval, for want of documents and non-fulfillment of certain technical requirements.A senior NMC official said, \"We have already submitted the proposal to the state government for its approval. But, the state government had sought some more documents. We have fulfilled all technical requirements and submitted all documents required. We hope to get the state's approval within the next few days. The decision whether to take loan from nationalised banks or to raise it through bonds will be taken once we get the state's approval.\"The proposal of taking a Rs 450-crore loan to complete civic works had been passed at both the standing committee and the general body meetings of the NMC. In the first phase, the civic administration has decided to take a Rs 200-crore loan.The official further said, \"The financial condition of the NMC is not satisfactory. Developmental works amounting to Rs 416 crore were approved during the last FY 2011-12. The deficit is a huge burden. Apart from this, new civic works and managing income and expenditure are a big challenge.\"During the recent standing committee meeting, members had sought more funds for developmental works in their wards.They had also urged municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare to give administrative approval to their works and distribute funds later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700563", "title": "VIPs keep traffic cops on toes", "text": "NEW DELHI: With several VIP movements in the capital everyday, traffic police personnel are pulled into ensuring their smooth passage rather than controlling general traffic each time such a movement takes place. Around 400 traffic cops are organizing the VVIP movements during the ongoing India-Asean summit. However, unlike other units, traffic police have been relieved from dedicated VIP assignments.\"Only one DCP who handles VIP traffic, one ACP and two inspectors comprise the dedicated staff for VIP movement. The rest of the staff only handles VIP movement for a short time and this does not take them away from their regular duties for a long period,\" joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said.However, though traffic cops admittedly have it easy than their counterparts in other units, they are unable to continue routine operations like issuing challans and regulating traffic when VIP events happen. \"The priority becomes ensuring smooth passage to the VIPs and other routine traffic concerns take a backseat. It is a difficult task and after the movement, the cops are busy just normalizing traffic,\" admitted a senior traffic functionary.In the capital, which witnesses traffic movement by the president, prime minister, vice president, chief minister, lieutenant governor and home minister everyday, police are also used to handling special movements for visiting heads of states and governments. For the India-Asean summit, each of the 11 heads of state must have a traffic pilot for their movements. \"Inspectors from various traffic circles and traffic lines have been pulled out for this task, and they have to ensure that every movement from start to finish is done perfectly. Around 400 traffic cops in all the areas where the VVIPs will move are involved in some way for ensuring that the programme goes without a hitch,\" said a senior traffic police officer of New Delhi district.Though only field officers at particular points have to attend to these movements on a need-based limited period of time, police admit it disrupts routine work. \"But policing in the capital comes at a price and these are duties that cannot be put aside,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17701520", "title": "Picnic spots beckon tourists", "text": "HAZARIBAG: With Christmas and New Year round the corner, popular picnic spots around Hazaribag town are attracting huge crowds. Hazaribag Lake, Canary Hill and its surrounding jungles, the Agro Tourism Park developed by the Soil Conservation Department of Government of Jharkhand, located by theside of the NH-33 at Demotand and the Charowa dam reservoir about 8 km away from the town are some of the most sought after destinations for revellers these days.Few other popular picnic spots close to the Hazaribag town are the Hazaribag National Park and Salparni Dam. The district administration said here on Thursday that they have made elaborate security arrangements and deployed police force at the spots and even policemen in plain clothes mainly to tackle law and order problems and sexual harassment cases. Several check-posts will be temporarily set up at various points to control such nuisance. The Agro Tourism Park at Demotand also attracts good crowd as the place has two big reservoirs, canopies, canteen, children's park and a beautiful garden with boating facilities. However, the most important factor is that for entering the Agro Tourism Centre cum Park tickets will have to be bought at the gate for entering the premises.The only advantage of this particular spot is that it is close to the town and one can reach there even by traveling in public buses which are available throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17701249", "title": "Convict\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s mother makes emotional plea for leniency", "text": "COIMBATORE: Moments after sessions judge MP Subramanian pronounced the quantum of sentence to A Murugan, his mother Ammaponnu, along with her four grandchildren, made an emotional appeal, saying that her son had been framed in the case and her family had no other option but to commit suicide.Murugan's parents Alagar and Ammaponnu had come to the court along with their four grandchildren, Kaleeswari (10), Suresh (8), Chinnamaruthu (7) and Maruthupandi (5) as Murugan was sentenced to a prison term for 34 years and six months for double rape and double murder of a 17-year-old girl and her mother in 2008. \"My son's plea should be taken into consideration. He is innocent and now we have no option but to kill ourselves and our grandchildren,\" said Ammaponnu.In a final attempt to minimise his jail term, Murugan pleaded with the judge that he was falsely implicated in the case and had four children below the age of 10 and elderly parents who were dependant on him for survival. \"My wife left me and my children after I was arrested for rape and murder. Please show some leniency,\" Murugan pleaded.Murugan's defence counsel K Kalaiarasan pointed out during the trial that the vaginal smear test results were inconclusive and the prosecution had tried to pin the guilt on Murugan by producing a blood and semen stained Churidhar and shawl. He also added that the Village Administrative Officer turned hostile in court and clearly stated that he was not present when the evidence was collected from the murder spot.\"The shawl could have been easily planted later after the vaginal smear test turned inconclusive. The police also zeroed in on Murugan since he was implicated in some other petty theft cases. Some witnesses have claimed that Murugan was spotted at the local bus stand a day before the murders and rape was committed but there is no substantial proof about his whereabouts at the time of crime,\" said KalaiarasanHowever, the prosecution dismissed these points, claiming the VAO had earlier stated he was present when the evidence was collected but later refuted during cross examination. They also pointed out that Murugan had come to the crime scene with the premeditated intention of committing rape. He was in such a frenzy that he was ready to attack anyone who tried to prevent it, with a sledge hammer.The prosecution pointed out that Murugan locked the room of the victim's neighbour Kaliyugavarathan from outside. He also went to the store room and selected a sledge hammer to be used in case anyone tried to stop him as he went about his rampage.Post mortem reports indicated that Meenakshi died of multiple head injuries while her daughter Selvi was assaulted and strangled to death.\"Murugan had committed the crime in a planned manner and he did not offer any mercy to his victims,\" said R Sarojini, Public Prosecutor, Mahila Court.Murugan's advocate Kalaiarasan said he planned to challenge the Mahila Court's order in the High Court.Judge Subramanian responded saying that Murugan had given a signed confession of his own accord. The police did not force him to do so. Besides, the prosecution had proved all charges against him.On July 5, 2008, Murugan (30), from Siruvanur in Virudhunagar district, murdered Meenakshi, hailing from Kodaikanal in Dindigul district and raped and murdered her 17-year-old daughter M Selvi, at Sakthi Thai poultry farm in Somanthurai near Kottur in Coimbatore district. The accused and deceased were working at the poultry farm. He was booked under sections 342 (wrongful confinement), 449 (house trespass in order to commit offence punishable with death), 302 (two counts) (Murder), 392 (two counts) (punishment for robbery), 376 (I) (punishment for rape) and 201(causing disappearance of evidence of offence or giving false information to screen offender) of Indian Penal Code.The accused was convicted and sentenced to six months of Rigorous Imprisonment (RI) and a fine of Rs 500 was imposed on him for offence under section 342 IPC. He was sentenced to seven years RI and fined Rs 1,000 for offence under section 449 IPC. Murugan was sentenced to life on each count and fined Rs 2,000 for each count under section 302 (two counts) IPC.The court sentenced him to10 years RI for each count and imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 on each count under section 392 (two counts). The accused was sentenced to life and fined Rs 2,000 under section 376 (I) of IPC. He was sentenced to seven years RI and fined Rs 1,000 under section 201 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jalandhar/phagwara", "code": "17701983", "title": "Politicians yet to face action for tinted glasses in buses", "text": "JALANDHAR/PHAGWARA: Even as 15 private buses with tinted glasses were challaned, several vehicles owned by prominent politicians continue to ply with black films on.Black films on buses have been in use with impunity, which has never been challenged, but the issue took centre-stage after gang rape in Delhi which made Union home minister say that buses with tinted glasses would not be allowed to ply.On Thursday, highway patrolling challaned 15 buses on National Highway No. 1 between Jalandhar and Phagwara. However, sources revealed that these vehicles belonged to relatively small operators while the buses of operators who happen to be prominent politicians were not targeted. However, highway patrolling in charge inspector Gurvinder Singh maintained that they had stopped every bus which had tinted glasses without any discrimination.In Punjab, right from the first political family, the prominent politicians across the political spectrum happen to be big bus operators. Several traffic issues pertaining to buses remain unresolved as junior level police officials refrain from locking horns with big politicians.Sources in transport sector said AC buses, especially the high end 2x2 type, are all owned by senior politicians and these have never faced any action for violations. Even as the PAP Chowk on National Highway No. 1 in Jalandhar remains a traffic bottleneck mainly due to the wrong and long halts by the private buses, they have rarely faced challans.\"Who can bell the cat?\" asked a traffic police official, who said a junior official could not lock horns with a minister of a former minister.Meanwhile, officials of Jalandhar traffic police said they had issued warning to the operators and challaning would be started from Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701115", "title": "Exhibition on how trains work in city", "text": "AURANGABAD: Creations- making science simple, an organization formed by a group of volunteers has organised a five-day exhibition on working prototype model of railway functioning on a 10X4 feet board from December 21, 2012 at Star Bazaar, Prozone mall, here. \"We will also be imparting knowledge to the children about the functioning of railway, process of track change and many more,\" said the member Sham Dande.The event on the railway model will also conduct quiz, painting, essay competitions based on railway. The event will be open from 4.00 pm to 10.00 pm from December 21 to 25. \"With the Christmas vacation beginning soon we expect lot of families will attend the event along with their kids,\" said a member, Anil Suradkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "17702248", "title": "11 child labourers rescued", "text": "BHADRAK: Police on Thursday rescued 11 child labourers following raids on hotels and 'dhabas' in the town. The hotel owners were detained at the police station and later released on personal bonds.Sources said while police rounded up around 11 children, about dozen sneaked out of the back door.\"Children are being exploited and the situation in Bhadrak town has turned alarming. We will systematically launch a crusade against business organization, households and individuals exploiting children,\" said a social activist Sophia Sheikh.The children have been sent to short-stay home being run by the child welfare committee in the town. \"They all belong to very poor families and hail from rural pockets of the district.A committee panel in consultation with the district administration will decide on proper rehabilitation of the children soon,\" said IIC of Bhadrak town police station Suresh Patra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699963", "title": "Maharashtra supports death penalty for gang-rape convicts", "text": "NAGPUR: As the country speaks out against the gruesome gang rape of a physiotherapy student in New Delhi, state home minister RR Patil said on Thursday they will ask the centre to provide for the harshest punishment, including death penalty, in gang-rape cases. He also advocated making eve-teasing a non-bailable offence to curb the menace.Patil's announcement came during a debate under rule 97 in the upper house over increasing crime against women in the state. Expressing anger and shock over the incident in Delhi, several women MLCs asked the state government to petition the centre to add death penalty as a punishment for gang rape. If adequate steps are not taken to ensure safety of women, a time will come when they will be forced to take the law into their hands to punish offenders, the members warned.The minister said the government had set up 12 special courts, along with fast track courts, to deal with crimes against women and also set up counselling centres at various police stations. He also vowed to take action against vulgar and objectionable content flashed across the print and electronic media.Citing statistics, Patil said that crime against women had actually reduced by 1.5% in the state as compared to last year, though there was some rise in major crimes like rape. He made a significant observation that in 98% of rape cases, the accused was known to the victim.Patil further assured to take strict action against those involved in sex-determination tests, which is also a crime against women. He also said CCTV cameras will be installed at public places with plain cops policemen deployed to curb crime.The issue was raised by leader of opposition Vinod Tawde, who urged the government to put in place security measures to ensure women's safety. In reply, Patil assured that necessary steps will be taken to make Maharashtra safer for women. \"When Maharashtra witnessed a Delhi-like incident a few years back in Ahmednagar, we decided to alter our laws and put in place necessary safety measures,\" he said, adding that the Delhi incident exposed loopholes in state, police and law machineries of the country.Several women legislators were extremely disturbed while debating the issue, and even demanded 'castration' of criminals in heinous cases of rapes. \"If need be, women will come out on the streets to castrate rapists. Then don't tell us to be patient,\" said Sena's Neelam Gorhe. Several members aggressively made their point, including Deepti Chaudhary, Shobhatai Fadnavis, Alka Desai, Vidya Chavan and minister for women and child development Varsha Gaikwad.Patil also said that the recommendations of Justice (Retd) Chandrashekhar Dharmadhikari committee to prevent crimes against women were being put in place. He promised that once fully implemented they will ensure a drop in the crime rate.Warning police officers to be more sensitive towards rape victims, Patil said strictest action will be taken against officers who ask needless questions to women, make them uncomfortable by their conduct. \"I want to tell my officers that I'll support them if they take action with proper intentions. However, if they do something that brings disrepute to the uniform, the state will not hesitate to punish them,\" he said, while accepting an urgent need to motivate the police force for more efficiency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700257", "title": "College teachers protest against non-fulfilment of their demands", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Federation of UP University Associated Colleges Teachers Association staged a protest at dharna sthal against the non-fulfilment of long pending demands on Thursday.The teachers are also observing a relay fast from December 20 to 23. Their long pending demands included implementation of the UGC Regulations, 2010, release of arrears, and extending the retirement age of teachers to 65 years. Teachers from colleges affiliated to Lucknow University, Kanpur University and RML Avadh University were on fast on Thursday, those from Jaunpur University, Gorakhpur and Kashi Vidhyapeeth will replace them on Friday.FUPUCTA office bearers will observe the fast on December 23. Teachers blamed the laidback attitude of the government regarding non-fulfilment of demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17701914", "title": "Ludhiana unites in rage", "text": "LUDHIANA: A cycle rally was organised both as a show of support for the Delhi gangrape victim and as a way to press the demand for strict action against criminals targeting women. As the victim tries to live after surviving horrific brutality, people took to the road to express their outrage.Demonstrators carried placards saying, \"Woman is next to God in creation respect her\", \"Tell your sons to behave and not the girls what to wear\", \"Real men don't rape\", \"Wake Up\" and \"Hang The Culprits.\" Prabhjot Singh, a businessman from New Professor's Colony, Ferozepur road, who participated in the rally with his wife, advocated public punishment for the accused. \"The government needs to make it clear that there is no place for such brutality in this country. This can be underlined by punishing the culprits in public. If women can not be respected in a country like ours where scriptures talk about worshiping them as creators, it is the biggest shame for all men,\" he asserted.Rajeev Singh Rawat of BRS Nagar said he was in a dilemma about what he should wish for the victim in his prayers. A shaken Rajeev said, \"Even doctors treating her said they had never seen such savagely inflicted injuries before. I don't know what to pray for, because even if the girl survives, her life would be far from normal. What is this society offering its girls?\" Pankaj Chug of Model Town pointed out that women in a common man's family weren't safe. \"Politicians should start treating these innocent young women as their own daughters. Things will change then. Stringent laws are needed to deal with the problem,\" he said.\"I was so disturbed when I read how the poor girl was tortured and brutalized that I kept crying and hugging my little daughter. But I feel the pain and it wont go till the accused are given exemplary punishment. The government has to ensure safety of women in the country,\" said Devinder Nagi, a teacher and president of the cycle for health and happiness club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701162", "title": "Another arrest in credit card case", "text": "AURANGABAD: The cyber cell of the city crime branch arrested another person in the credit card cheating case, taking the total number of accused to three.He was brought to the city from Delhi by the cyber cell sleuths on Thursday and the investigating team has recovered articles that were bought by the accused using cloned credit cards. They recovered six gold coins and a gold pendant from him.The accused has been identified as Imran Qureshi Iqbal Qureshi (29) of Delhi. Qureshi is accused of using the cloned credit card of the city based homeopath Pardeep Garge and Mir Ali and shopping for close to Rs 1 lakh.Earlier, the economic offences wing and the cyber cell unit of the city crime branch on Saturday night had arrested two members of an inter-state gang, who would siphon off money from people's credit cards. Two youths were arrested in Indore and brought to the city on Sunday. One of them, Ashu Mohammed Iqbal (24), is a civil engineer and lives in Junapeth. The other, Shahbaz Anwar Khan (25), is a first year student of Juna Risala. Cyber cell inspector Gautam Pathare said, \"Qureshi is an important catch who introduced Khan and Iqbal to the credit card gang members from Delhi. We arrested him after a close surveillance for several days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17701074", "title": "Bankers strike against amendment in regulation Act", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On a call given by the All India Bank Employees' Association (AIBEA) and UP Bank Employees' Union, staff of nationalised banks observed a daylong strike on Thursday boycotted work and abstained from performing official duty. Later, the striking employees gathered at the Punjab National Bank's Sangam Place branch and staged a dharna.The meeting was addressed by different leaders including secretary Shiv Murti Tiwari who flayed the Central government for its \"anti-people\" policies and resolved to continue their agitation demanding fulfillment of their demands.Addressing the striking employees, trade union leader Harish Chandra Dwivedi said labour unions of the country would join the striking employees to intensify the agitation.Another leader S S Lal said the strike had been called to oppose decision of the Central Government to get amendments in the Banking Regulation Act of 1949 passed in parliament.He said passage of the Bill would facilitate granting of voting rights to foreign investors in decisions related to public sector banks of the country. Besides, it would also encourage closure and merger of existing banks and pave way for privatisation of public sector banks which would be opposed at all cost. Majority of public sector banks in the city, excluding State Bank of India (SBI) and its branches, boycotted work and local secretary, UP Bank Employees' Union Bimal Chaudhary thanked all for making the strike a success. Transactions in public sector banks remained affected while ATM counters of several banks too stopped functioning as striking employees refrained from refilling cash at ATM counters and customers went through a harried time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701497", "title": "Jharkhand BJP celebrates Gujarat victory, all quiet on Congress front", "text": "RANCHI: Lauding Narendra Modi for his third consecutive win in Gujarat assembly election, Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda on Thursday said this was result of Modi's development works in the state and the poll results showed that people still have faith in him.\"It is development alone that matters in democracy and all other issues are sidelined by the electorate when it comes to electing a leader,\" Munda said, expressing confidence that BJP would emerge as a strong party in the next parliamentary elections.Commenting on the results of Himachal Pradesh where the saffron party has lost to the Congress, Munda said there was shortfall on part of the government that needs to be reviewed. \"We must respect people's mandate in Himachal Pradesh as well,\" he said.However, the mood at BJP's office in the state was jubilant. Workers and leaders celebrated the victory and played down the defeat in Himachal Pradesh.Senior BJP leader and MLA from Jamshedpur Raghubar Das said Gujarat elections became a national affair because of the Congress's relentless campaign against Modi.\"We must pay attention to Himachal Pradesh but Gujarat results have shown that Modi has a wider acceptance and he successfully survived the character assassination bid by the Congress,\" he said.BJP state spokesperson Pradeep Sinha said party workers and office-bearers were enthused by the Gujarat results. \"The tougher the target seems, the greater is the jubilation,\" he said.Sinha further pointed to the fact that anti-incumbency has been a dominating factor in Himachal Pradesh. \"BJP has not performed very poorly as it retained 26 of the 68 member House,\" he said.The mood at the Congress party office was grim and no celebration was seen for its victory in Himachal Pradesh.Congress state spokesperson Radha Krishna Kishore said, \"They have actually lost which is clear from the fact that even after retaining governance in Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh slipped out of their hands to the Congress,\" he said.When asked if the Gujarat results were indicative of 2014 parliamentary election trend, Kishore said there is a big difference in results of assembly and parliamentary elections which are fought on separate issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17700124", "title": "Begin Nullah drive &amp; file report: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the Rajasthan high court has asked the JDA officials to start removing encroachment on the remaining stretch of the Amanishah Nullah and file a compliance report by January 7.The division bench has fumed at the government for not removing encroachment from the remaining small stretch of the nullah.It was alleged by residents of Maharani farms who sought to became intervener in the matter that the JDA is illegally shifting the original centre line of the nullah. JDA, however, contested that the government is working on a rehabilitation policy.The bench maintained that it is not interested in any rehabilitation policy but only on removal of encroachment from the dry nullaha bed. The bench has asked JDA to do the needful by January first week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17702245", "title": "Two held for Cuttack trader's murder", "text": "CUTTACK: Police on Thursday arrested two persons in connection with the murder of a trader, Vineet Vora, in the city. The accused have been identified as Avinash Sinha (24) of Sutahat and Santosh Sahoo (25) of Tinkonia Bagicha. They were produced in court.\"Miscreants opened fire at Vineet and his father Umaid, when they tired to stop them from looting their bag containing Rs 30,000 at Matamath on December 12,\" said DCP (Cuttack) S Praveen Kumar . While Vineet died on the spot, his father sustained bullet injuries in the stomach and is undergoing treatment at a private hospital here.Police said Avinash, who works as a salesman in a garment shop near Vineet's electronic shop, was the mastermind of the crime. Sinha used to keep an eye on the cash transactions of the Voras and planned the loot with Santosh. Both are habitual offenders. \"They are involved in a series of robberies and dacoities in the city,\" Kumar said.The duo had looted Rs 3.6 lakh from an employee of a garment showroom in 2008. The incident had created much furore in the city. Traders had downed their shutters demanding to arrest the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17703788", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Fifth accused arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fifth accused in the brutal gang-rape of a young paramedical student here was arrested from Uttar Pradesh, police said today.\"The fifth accused has been arrested in the rape case. His age is being verified before giving details. If minor, we have to hold back his particulars as per law,\" Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar said on Twitter.With this, five persons have been arrested in the Sunday night incident which sparked widespread outrage across the country.Sources said the fifth accused was arrested from Badaun in Uttar Pradesh even as there were reports that the sixth accused has been picked from Bareilly. However, police is yet to confirm it.Yesterday, one of the four accused in the case was \"identified\" by the victim's friend during a Test Identification Parade (TIP) at Tihar Jail here.The 23-year-old victim's male friend, an engineer in a software company, identified Mukesh during TIP, a senior police official said.Out of the four accused, only Mukesh had agreed to TIP when he was produced before a court here. Other accused - Ram Singh, Pawan and Vinay - had refused to undergo TIP.According to the official, the positive identification of Mukesh by the friend, who was also beaten up by thegang before the men allegedly raped the girl, is a shot in the arm of the prosecution as it would help them nail the other culprits.Police have invoked the stringent charges of attempt to murder and destruction of evidence against the accused.Investigators had earlier pressed charges against them under sections 365 (kidnapping or abducting), 376 (2)(g) (gang rape), 377 (unnatural offences), 394 (hurting in committing robbery) and 34 (common intention) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "17701771", "title": "Staff crunch hurting, Delhi police chief says", "text": "DELHI: The gang rape of a 23-year-old physiotherapy student has raised serious questions about the law and order situation in the capital. Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar spoke to Neeraj Chauhan on some of the pressing issues.Q. There is a perception that these incidents won't happen if there is visible police presence and criminals fear the law. What are you doing to tackle this?Neeraj Kumar: There are certain units in Delhi Police which are not involved in general law and order duty like economic offences wing, special cell, crime branch and crime against women's cell. We are going to draw people from these units and send them to the districts for law and order duty.Q. Don't you think there is also a need for more men?Neeraj Kumar: Yes, there is a need. We have recruitment proposals pending and these will be pushed soon.Q. A large number of officers are deployed for VVIP security. Aren't people important?Neeraj Kumar: VIP security has been there for years now. These things are decided at the ministry level - we get a list of protected persons and then, according to the security category, we have to provide men. The ministry gives us an updated list every year and the numbers have indeed decreased in the past few years.Q. What will be the approach of Delhi Police towards crime against women when there is so much anger in the country now?Neeraj Kumar: The approach to solve and prevent crime against women cannot be unidimensional. Crime against women cannot be treated as a routine law and order thing. We decided at Wednesday's meeting with the chief minister and other agencies that we should all join hands. The women's commissions, NGOs, government and police will work jointly against any such crime.Q. Where is the police-public interaction? The common man is scared when hears the word 'police'.Neeraj Kumar: We have programmes for the public: Swayam, a self-defence training programme for women; Yuva in which we provide vocational work to the vulnerable ones; and jan sampark sabhas.Q. What do you have to say about the crimes against women in Delhi?Neeraj Kumar: Police is responsible for law and order but it should not be bashed up everytime because several agencies, governments, departments and NGOs are supposed to be responsible for several things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701663", "title": "Rise in rape cases due to deteriorating value system: Shaibal Gupta", "text": "PATNA: Shouts of 'we want justice' are rocking the national and state capitals and online protest campaigns have been launched demanding harsher legislation to punish the rapists of the 23-year-old Delhi girl. But, the question is why such cases are on the rise; will such inhuman treatment to the fair sex stop? Will it be just another lesson learnt and forgotten? Where is the society headed towards? And ultimately, will any punishment be enough to stop the rapists? TOI reached out to social thinkers, psychologists and psychiatrists to find the answer.After much contemplation on these questions, Shaibal Gupta, member-secretary, ADRI, responded to TOI. He attributed the rise in such incidents to the deteriorating value system in the country and an \"ideology-less\" life that is creating a cultural vacuum. \"While techno-managerial strategy that include change in system of governance, police patrolling, speedy trial and severe punishment would be able to help the cause to some extent, but it will not provide a permanent respite,\" Gupta said.A substantive preventive strategy was advised by Gupta that included a change in the value system and \"taking preventive steps rather than finding a cure after such incidents occur\". The authorities have long ignored persistent violence against and harassment of women and this might again become one of those run-of-the-mill cases once the protest shouts become whispers and people on streets retreat to their homes and daily routines.Social thinkers, too, feel that the increase in rape cases is due to a weakening moral order of the society. Sociologist Hetukar Jha said, \"Anyone could be a rape victim as a good number of men who are living alone are on the lookout for opportunity to deliberately find some 'sex-object'. Couple it with the craze for money and power, and no respect for culture, such incidents become unavoidable.\"Another sociologist, Raghunandan Sharma, attributed this 'disturbing trend' as a reaction to 'marginalized development' and lack of fear of law taking its course. \"Our development is not inclusive and these rape incidents can be seen as crude and brute method of the marginalized perverts to assert themselves,\" said Sharma.The social psychology that punishment can be evaded because of the inactivity of police and administration is another reason behind the rise in number of rape cases, said Sharma, explaining, \"If a person is sure to get caught, he will not steal a costly piece of diamond, but if there are chances that he might escape the punishment he would try to steal even an inexpensive item.\"Psychiatrists attribute the rise in such crimes to a collective failure of regulatory mechanism of the society that should be operating upon powerful emotions of individuals. \"Rape is not only an expression of sexual pleasure, but also of aggression and power. Overemphasis on freedom without accountability, the kind of content being broadcast on television and disregard for societal hierarchy are some of the reasons behind the rise in rape cases,\" said Pramod Kumar Singh, HoD, psychiatry, Patna Medical College (PMC).\"A multidisciplinary and multilateral effort by the society is required if such occurrences are to stop in future,\" Singh told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17694653", "title": "Arvindsamy moved", "text": "Arvind Swami is back and how. The actor is back with a bang with Mani Ratnam's Kadal. The first look of the film was released recently and fans loved youthful and fresh look of the actor, despite a big hiatus. No wonder, the actor has been getting a lot of accolades for this look.The reclusive actor has taken to the social media to express his gratitude for all the love and support that he has been getting on his comeback. He wrote on his page, \"I have tears in my eyes ... Thank you for all the love\".His ardent supporters are eager to see him in more films, including actress Khushboo with whom he worked in Alai Payuthe. The actor became a big name after he starred in Mani Ratnam's movies like Thalapathi, Roja and Bombay .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701433", "title": "Students donate Rs 40,000 to cancer hospital", "text": "AURANGABAD: Students of Cambridge School in the city pooled in their pocket money and donated Rs 40,000 to the Government Cancer Hospital to buy equipment. They also donated some amount to Matoshree, an old age home, in Kanchanwadi.The school had observed 'Rose Day' in October and the students donated generously for the cause of cancer patients. They collected more than Rs 40,000.School principal Flavia Alberqueque told TOI that an appeal was made to the students to donate money to an NGO and the Cancer Hospital and the students responded well. \"It was an initiative to sensitize the children about the disease. This has helped foster the spirit of charity in the young minds of our students. We express our gratitude to the parents for this generous contribution.\"Rajat Malu, a student of standard X said, \"Being at the hospital was a touching moment. It made me realize that it is necessary for all of us to look into these problems and have a sympathetic attitude towards those unfortunate enough to be stricken by cancer.\"Abhijeet Bajaj, another student of standard X said, \"It was a moment of great pride when we took up charity towards the cancer patients. I have sympathy for them and hope for their speedy recovery.\"\"No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. Last year, the students had donated blankets and bedsheets to the hospital,\" said officer on special duty Arvind Gaikwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17701354", "title": "No preferential treatment to hardcore criminals, DIG tells jail staff", "text": "VARANASI: As many as 65 criminal in Varanasi, Jaunpur and Ghazipur jails have been kept in the category of hardcore criminals and strict instructions have been issued to jail authorities to treat these criminals as ordinary prisoners.To review the list of criminals lodged in the jails of these three districts, the DIG Range A Satish Ganesh had convened a meeting with the jail authorities at his office on Wednesday.On getting inputs that some dreaded gangsters are operating from inside jails, the DIG asked the jail officials to produce the list of criminals who are lodged in jails for their involvement in serious crimes. After going through the list of prisoners, 23 prisoners of Varanasi and Ghazipur jail each and 19 of Jaunpur jail were included in the list of hardcore criminals.The DIG made it very clear that jails are not meant for luxurious stay of the criminals and hence no one should be allowed food prepared outside the jails. He sought the participation of even hardcore criminals in the daily parade and said members of the gang should not be kept in the same barracks. He said two days in every week should be fixed for meeting of hardcore prisoners with visitors in a predefined place inside the jail.He asked the jail officials to forward proposals to their headquarters for the installation of close circuit television cameras at the meeting venues. Until these arrangements are made, he said, the officials of district police and special operation groups should visit the jail to monitor who is meeting the prisoners. He said that the copies of the same list would be forwarded to the SSPs and SPs with an expectation that they would ensure compiling the details of guarantors and advocates of such criminals.In view of the problems coming in the way of producing hardcore criminals before the court for hearing and trial, he said, during the monthly meetings of monitoring cell headed by the district judges, the SSPs and SPs would raise this issue and ensure their trial through video conferencing. He also recommended for the trial of some criminals through video conferencing. He said that while producing hardcore criminals before the court, active cops should be deployed. He also sought stern action against those persons who are involved in leaking information of surprise raids at the jails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701422", "title": "Agriculture department expects up to 55% fall in crop production", "text": "AURANGABAD: Water scarcity in the region has started impacting crops. The agriculture department has said that crops would see a dip in production due to non-availability of water. Production of sugarcane, maize, cotton, jowar, bajra and tur along with other crops will fall by 30 to 55 %.Of the total area of 23,000 hectares under sugarcane cultivation in Aurangabad district, 5,000 hectares has been taken up for fodder and only 18,000 hectares of sugarcane cultivation is available. From this area the agriculture department is projecting a total output of 1,080,000 metric tonnes of sugarcane in the current season. In the last season, the total output of sugarcane from 23,000 hectares area was close to 14,49,000 metric tonnes. In 2010-11, the production of sugarcane was 11,50,000 metric tonne from 17,700 hectares.The department's official said a drop in the production was due to scanty rainfall. \"Farmers had planned for sugarcane at the beginning of the season, but reduced the area under cultivation because of non-availability of fodder,\" he said. Farmers get immediate cash on selling fodder moreover they had projected poor crop ahead in the season.Similarly, in the current season, cotton cultivation was done on 4,43,000 hectares area and the production is expected at 2,21500 metric tonne. Cotton production in the district had touched 4,06,395 tonnes mark in 2011-12. The total area under cotton cultivation in last season was 3,79,100 hectares. In 2010-11, the production was at 4,81,540 metric tonne from 3,32,900 hectares..Maize production was also hit. Its production is expected to come down from 5,10,142 metric tonne in 2011-12 to half in 2012-13. Last year, maize was grown in 1,47,100 hectares land as compared to 1,30,000 hectares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17699135", "title": "IOC empowers Randhir Singh to take legal action", "text": "BANGALORE: The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has empowered its member in India, Randhir Singh , to protect the properties of the suspended Indian Olympic Association and take legal action against those who have been claiming to represent the organization in the last few days.As reported in TOI on Wednesday, Lalit Bhanot, who was elected unopposed in the December 5 polls, had assumed charge as the IOA secretary despite IOC's insistence that the elections were null and void.Bhanot had begun official correspondence with national sports federations, seeking details about accreditation for the 2013 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games in Incheon and budgets for preparation of teams for the 2014 Glasgow Commonwealth Games . All this, IOA insiders revealed, was done using official machinery at the Olympic Bhavan in New Delhi.IOA warned all those involved, either directly or by complicity, that they would be liable for action. In a message to Randhir, IOC director general Christophe De Kepper said: \"The IOC is extremely concerned by the ongoing situation of the suspended IOA and the misappropriation of responsibilities and properties by a number of illegitimate individuals claiming to represent the suspended IOA whereas the IOC has already made it clear that the so-called 'elections' were null and void and are not recognized by the IOC.\"The IOC wanted Randhir, who is one of the officials from the previous committee that it recognizes, to initiate action. \"In your capacity as an IOC member and secretary general of the suspended IOA, we request that you take all necessary measures and, if appropriate, any legal action at national level against these individuals in order to protect all assets and properties of the suspended IOA,\" De Kepper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701444", "title": "Protests against govt policies", "text": "AURANGABAD: Members of the joint action committee of Kamgar Karmachari Sanghatana staged a demonstration against the central government in the city on Wednesday. The agitators wanted the government to check price rise, take concrete steps for employment generation and implementation of workers' laws.More than 200 members of the association took out a rally between Kranti Sqaure and Doodh Dairy Square in the city in the afternoon. They also tried to block the traffic on busy Jalna Road. However, police intervened and arrested the agitators. Members of Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU), Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC), International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC), Bhartiya Majdoor Sangh (BMS) and other organisations were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700399", "title": "Usmani asks industrial units to stop release of effluents into Ganga", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cracking the whip on errant industrial units that release effluents into river Ganga, chief secretary Jawed Usmani, in a meeting with the UP Pollution Control Board on Thursday, said operations at such units should be stopped with immediate effect.Aiming to ensure pollution-free waters in Ganga ahead of Kumbh 2013, Usmani also directed officials to ensure 2,500 cusecs of water is released into the rivers between January 1 and February 28. Subsequently, 1,500 cusecs of water should be released into the river until March 15 from the Narora barrage.The chief secretary also said directives for closure of eight polluting industrial units, in Bijnor, Bareilly and Meerut, should be issued immediately. Issuing district magistrates of the concerned districts to take affirmative measures, chief secretary also said the next meeting of the pollution board will be held on January 7, when Usmani will himself take stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700389", "title": "Bandra slums to be razed today", "text": "MUMBAI: The illegal mushrooming of 300 shanties in Bandra Reclamation within a fortnight has reached at the chief minister's level. The BMC will demolish the shanties on Friday.\"I have written to CM Prithviraj Chavan and raised the issue in the legislative council on Wednesday. The issue was raised in the floor of House on Wednesday andHome minister RR Patil has said police force will be used to demolish the slums. The CM has ordered immediate action and sought a report. He has directed this order to the civic chief and Mhada vice-president,\" said advocate Ashish Shelar, MLC (BJP).The mushrooming of 300 shanties rung alarm bells for citizens, who view it as a security threat. Named as the Lal Matti Slum, around 300 slumdwellers from Dharavi, Mira road, Nallasopara have made their new homes in the last 15 days. This new slum is located behind Nargis Dutt Nagar slum and the flyover that connect the Sea Link to the Western Express Highway.With the help of H(west) Federation, the matter reached the CM and already two non-cognizable offences have been filed in Bandra police station by the local residents against slumlords operating in the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700218", "title": "Delhi Gang rape case: Victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s friend identifies accused", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of the accused in the bus gang-rape case was identified on Thursday by the victim's male friend in a test identification parade (TIP) at Tihar Jail.Mukesh, brother of the main accused, Ram Singh, reportedly drove the bus around south Delhi while the 23-year-old was repeatedly raped in the passenger area. The victim's friend, who was travelling with her and was brutally assaulted for resisting the gang, immediately identified Mukesh from a group of 11 similarly built men.Police say Mukesh's identification will strengthen their case while the refusal of three other accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ram Singh, Pawan and Vinay \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to undergo the TIP will go against them during the trial.Police have also decided to act against the owner of the bus (DL1PB-0149) used in the crime. Dinesh Yadav will be prosecuted under the Motor Vehicles Act for plying the bus on an unauthorized route. The permits of all his nine buses have been cancelled and six of them have been impounded. Two more will be impounded on Friday.On Thursday, police also found some of the clothes worn by both victims on the night of assault. The accused are learnt to have burnt some of their other clothes.One of the SIM cards from the victims' phones has also been found in Noida. Police said Ram Singh had kept their three mobile phones but threw away one of the cards. \"It was being used in Noida; the user told us he had found it discarded,\" said an officer.Sources said the main accused, Ram Singh, has confessed to the rape after sustained interrogation by a team of south district police, but he remains unrepentant. \"Galti ho gayi,\" he is learnt to have told the interrogators. On Thursday, Ram Singh and the other accused were taken to Mahipalpur, where they had dumped the victims on Sunday night.Ram Singh was also questioned about the whereabouts of Akshay, cleaner of the bus, who is on the run, and another accused Raju. There is no information about the antecedents of Raju and Delhi Police is coordinating with police in Haryana, Rajasthan, UP and Bihar to catch him.The police team that visited Akshay's hometown, Aurangabad in Bihar, has got leads from his father Sarju Singh and brother Abhay Singh. Police believe he is not present in Bihar or Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17703725", "title": "Thulasi on a roll", "text": "M ani Ratnam and his crew have been zealously guarding the look of their lead actors, Gautham Karthik and Thulasi Nair for a long time. After the hype, the pictures of Thulasi are finally out. It looks like the 15-year-old actress is excited about the sudden rousing reception in K-Town. This school-going girl who has been shuttling between the shoot and studies is planning to take up a few projects next year. Thulasi's mom Radha, who handles her current projects says, \"She was nervous about the reaction of the audience to her look in the film. As she has been receiving positive reaction, she is more confident now.\"Thulasi is currently shooting in Mumbai with Jiiva for Yaan, which is directed by Ravi K. Chandran. About her upcoming projects, Radha says, \"She has been flooded with offers after the stills came out. Interestingly she plays the role of a naive Mumbai girl in Yaan. As she has been born and brought up here, she has got a penchant for the character. Right now her focus is only on Yaan. Ravi has planned a month long schedule to Morocco in April. Meanwhile talks are also on with producers for her next flick after Yaan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17694477", "title": "Bharathiraja follows suit", "text": "Even as the tussle between theatre owners and Kamal Haasan is on regarding his latest release Viswaroopam, ace director Bharathiraja has decided to follow suit. The director has been a staunch supporter of this move from the beginning, in which Kamal Haasan's Viswaroopam will release on DTH a day ahead of its theatrical release.He has also maintained that filmmakers should always be open to new technologies and should make new attempts in his future films.His current movie Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum is nearing completion and the audio launch of this movie is all set to happen in Madurai.Bharathiraja had recently visited Pazhani and the Murugan temple with his entire family to pray for the success of Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17701832", "title": "Confidence deficit: Most residents feel cops have failed them", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city cop is an elusive creature. Either you don't see him at all. Or, if you happen to spot him, chances are high that he declines your request or puts you off by asking too many questions.People are not shocked by the statistics of half the police force guarding a few VIPs and the rest trying to protect an entire city. Cops seemed to have failed most Delhiites.When Poonam, a fashion designer was getting back home one evening, she noticed a man following her; he also had her number and called her several times while she tried her best to flee.Poonam immediately called the cops. \"Guess what the police asked me? Why are you out at this hour? How does the man know you? Have you seen him before? I hung up. It was not the time to face an interrogation about my whereabouts. This is the Delhi cop in a nutshell,\" she says.Poonam is one of the many people who are not confident about cops. \"How can women feel comfortable with cops? The statistics say it all. The number of women in Delhi Police is just 7% and only 12% of crimes against women get translated to FIRs. It's but obvious that women feel extremely unsafe in the city,\" adds Ruchira, a JNU student.Many women also complain that they cops ridicule them if they approach them with a sexual harassment complaint.Rohan Ghosh, an advertising professional recollects his horrifying experience at a Saket mall once. \"I was at Saket in a queue to get movie tickets and a man jumped the queue. When I objected he pointed a gun toward me. I kept quiet and later approached the police. The cops asked me so many questions that I gave up on them. They don't act. They just waste your time,\" he recollects.Auto drivers and hawkers who usually spend most of their time outdoors have given up on the police.\"I drive in South Delhi all day. Even at 9pm, not too many cops are seen. They are particularly rude to the poor. A month ago I met with an accident. A car without any numberplate crashed into my auto. My auto was damaged. Some cops were standing nearby but they did not intervene. They just stared,\" says Ram Narayan, an auto driver.Many people think that only increasing the number of police personnel won't help. The attitude needs to change.\"They need to be sensitized first. Policemen should consider their job a service and not a favour to people. I have not seen PCR vans or cops near the Delhi University at night, when it is such a vulnerable area,\" says Abhay Kumar Mishra, a Delhi University student .\"I agree that VIPs need security but the current ratio of deputation is absurd ,\" adds, high court advocate, SC Nayak.Neerja, a home maker doesn't feel safe walking up to her son's school close by to pick him up. \"Even though I stay in South Delhi , I have not seen cops around. There have been so many instances when I have felt someone following me, or group of men making lewd comments. But, there is no way to complain. The cops also don't take such complaints seriously . They are equally patriarchal in their approach in dealing with women's issues.\"(Inputs from Anvit Srivastava)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700432", "title": "Man's murder sparks arson in Gosainganj, four held", "text": "LUCKNOW: A land dispute snowballed into mob violence and arson at a village in Gosainganj on Thursday. Hundreds of villagers set a house and three motorbikes (one belonging to a cop) on fire after a fellow villager was allegedly beaten to death by few men. The mob also charged at policemen who reached the spot.Police had to resort to caning and warning gunshots to control the violent crowd. Fire tenders were pressed in and back up force was called to restore order. The police held four accused in the case. Hundreds descended at the home of Ramnath located at Navikheda village in Gosainganj. The police said Ramnath killed Durga along with some aides on Thursday evening following a land dispute.Ramnath and Durga were from neighbouring villages and had locked horns over a portion of land that was earmarked for a laying down a pathway by the revenue department. Few days back lekhpal had visited the land under dispute to demarcate the path, which passed through it.Durga and Ramnath had an argument over lekhpal's decision on Thursday evening. Ramnath dragged Durga inside his home and assaulted him with a lathi. Durga due to extreme profuse bleeding lost his life. As the news spread , a mob reached Ramnath's home to avenge the killing. The mob torched Ramnath's house and set afire two bikes. The villagers also torched bike of a police sub-inspector and pelted stones on policemen for not being able to protect Durga despite being informed. Later, the police arrested Ramnath and three other men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17701117", "title": "Overcrowding of buses must end, says plea", "text": "CHENNAI: Raising a host of passenger safety issues, social activist 'Traffic' K R Ramaswamy on Thursday filed a public interest petition in the Madras high court to put an end to overcrowding of buses in the city. The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam asked the state government and the transport authorities to submit their reply in two weeks.In his petition, Ramaswamy told that transport authorities conducted inspection of MTC buses in an irresponsible manner. Noting that it has become just a formality for motor vehicle inspectors to visit the MTC buses parked near the Manroe Statue off Anna Salai, he said fitness certificates were being issued mechanically without verifying the roadworthiness of the vehicles.Not all city buses have automatic doors and even on those that do, they are often left open he said, adding that the negligence on the part of the bus crew is rampant. He said the authorities do not bother to enforce the rule against overcrowding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701339", "title": "West Bengal finance secretary to attend Cabinet meet", "text": "KOLKATA: Reeling under acute financial crunch, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has set a precedent by instructing the state finance secretary to remain present at the first cabinet meeting of the New Year. It is learnt that the chief minister wants to review the revenue status and focus on generation of non-plan funds to disburse the fresh installment of dearness allowance (DA).Following Mamata's instruction, chief secretary Sanjay Mitra has asked finance secretary H K Dwivedi to attend the cabinet meeting on January 2. Until now, the chief secretary has been the only bureaucrat attending cabinet meetings in his capacity as the cabinet secretary.The bankrupt government exhausted 71% of its borrowing limit on Tuesday by raising another Rs 2,000 crore from the markets, so that only Rs 6,621 crore will remain of the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management (FRBM) Act limit of Rs 22,821 crore in the last quarter of the current financial year. Officials felt at least Rs 10,000 crore would be needed to pay salaries in the next three months.Recently, the chief minister had publicly said that if Bengal was to be auctioned, there would be no bidders. Officials said though the state has registered a record revenue growth of 36% this fiscal, there are clear signs of generation dipping in the last quarter.\"To take stock of the revenue status, the chief minister wants to discuss matters threadbare during the cabinet meeting. She wants to know how the gap between the target and the actual revenue collection could be reduced in the last quarter. Since all her cabinet colleagues would be present, she could ask them to improve earning of their respective departments,\" said an official at Writers' Buildings.The government is all the more under pressure because of its commitment to release an installment of the pending 27% DA. Mamata wants to clear at least 6% now and another 7% by March. This would add a burden of Rs 100 crore next month. At the end of the current fiscal, the total debt burden will soar to Rs 2,31,203 crore.Since the government can't defer the obligatory payment of DA to the next fiscal, it finds itself in a fix. The government, according to officials in the know, has already been tapping chunks of funds earmarked for developments.But it can't afford to let the revenue generation fall short at this crucial hour when the chief minister wants to keep her employees happy ahead of the make-or-break panchayat elections next year. With slim chances of getting a nod from the Union finance ministry to borrow beyond the FRBM limit, the government is in dire straits. In the last financial year, the state had been allowed to cross its borrowing limit twice, thanks to then Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee .After Tuesday's borrowing, the state would have excausted almost 80 per cent of its borrowing limit if the centre increased its borrowing limit from Rs 20,071 crore to Rs 22,821 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17703909", "title": "First look of Arvind Swamy in Mani Ratnam\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Kadal", "text": "Here's a sneak peak of the first look of Aravind Swamy in his upcoming film Kadal, directed by Mani Ratnam. Arvaind Swamy, who is making a comeback into films after a long gap, is said to be a surprise package in the film.The actor made his debut in Mani Ratnam's Dalapathi and gained reputation as lover boy with the films like Bombay, Roja, etc. Aravind subsequently decided to opt out of films and start his own firm of software business.Yesteryear actress Radha's daughter Thulasi is paired opposite Gautham Karthik, son of actor Karthik. The first look of the male lead was revealed some time back and Mani Ratnam has also unveiled the photo of the female lead Thulasi. Kada, which has music by A R Rahman and lyrics (Telugu) by Vanamali, is slated for January 2013 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701506", "title": "End is nigh? Local scientists debunk Doomsday myth", "text": "RANCHI: Though the entire western world seems to be in a frenzy over the much-hyped Doomsday predicted for December 21, 2012, experts in Ranchi have rubbished the end-of-the-world prophesy and urged the people not to fall for such 'baseless' theories.Even as a small section of people in the state capital are planning to offer prayers and seek forgiveness from God before the 'end', many seemed curious about keeping a track of international events. Pawan Kumar, an engineering student at BIT Mesra, said he has been hearing about doomsday predictions but was not convinced about it. \"Scientists at Nasa have ruled out any asteroid or celestial body hitting Earth and this clearly dismisses the concept of sudden and mass destruction,\" he said.India, known for its deep-rooted religiousness and mythology along with expertise in astrology and paranormal sciences, has never believed in mass destruction of civilization \u00e2\u20ac\u201d better known as Judgment Day. \"In Hindu religious scriptures, our saints have spoken about an ever-emancipating universe. They believed in the concept of hell and heaven, but never mentioned Day of Judgment like the religious texts of other common religions,\" said astrologer Satyam Chatterjee. He added that Indian astrologers were hardly bothered about the ongoing Doomsday debate.Bulu Imam, prominent environmentalist and a representative of 350.org, also rubbished the prediction. Admitting that global climate change is a major concern, he said nothing can happen at the push of a button. \"We are concerned about global warming and climate change, but end of civilization will be a long-drawn process,\" he said. Blaming the western media for the hype about the Mayan prophesy, he said because time never stops, technically a calendar would never end even if civilization does,\" he claimed.Ranchi University geologist Nitish Priyadarshi, who has been closely watching the changes in geological phenomena, said civilizations have been wiped out completely only seven times over the 4.5 billion years of the Earth's history.\"But these did not happen on one single day. Such mass destruction of species took around 50 to 100 years \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sometimes even more than 1000 years,\" he said, ruling out the possibility of any geological phenomena leading to complete destruction of the planet.He added: \"In the 17th century, a massive volcanic eruption in Japan killed over 50,000 people and the 2004 tsunami lead to massive destruction of life and property. However, the fact remains that in the huge world of over 6 billion population these are local and small natural disasters that cannot be bigger than this in scale,\" he said.Priyadarshi, however, said that collision of an asteroid led to the end of several species in the Jurassic era and sudden destruction of earth could be linked with such collisions. \"The good news is that no observatory has noticed any asteroid or heavenly body close to Earth,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700492", "title": "Thief on train steals 4 mobiles in 45 minutes", "text": "MUMBAI: A thief, Aamir Mohammad Shaikh, stole four cellphones belonging to Central Railway (CR) commuters on Wednesday.When Shaikh tried to pick his fourth victim's wallet, he was caught. According to the Government Railway Police (GRP), Shaikh may have targeted other travellers too.The accused is a resident of Nityanand Nagar in Ghatkopar. Around 8pm on Wednesday, Shaikh boarded a train headed for Badlapur at Vidyavihar station and surveilled all passengers. Between Vidyavihar and Ghatkopar stations, he stole Subhedar Tiwari's cellphone (22). Tiwari (22) did not realize this and Shaikh swiftly moved to a corner.Around 8.10pm, Shaikh struck once again in the same compartment and robbed Sanjay Mane (35) of his handset between Ghatkopar and Mulund stations. Twenty minutes later, Shaikh made away with Anandprakash Mishra's cellphone and alighted from the train at Thane station. According to the police, Shaikh later boarded a CST-bound train. Around 8.45pm when the train reached Mulund station, Shaikh pocketed Anant Chavan's cellphone.The accused also saw Chavan's wallet sticking out of his pocket and decided to take it too. However, Chavan caught him red-handed and dragged him out of the compartment. GRP officials arrested the accused. He was brought to the Kurla GRP chowky where the four stolen cellphones and a wallet were recovered. \"Each cellphone had been switched off to avoid detection,\" a police official said.On Thursday, Shaikh was produced before a railway court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17699962", "title": "In most cases, relatives, friends emerge villains", "text": "JAIPUR: Unlike metro cities like Delhi and Mumbai where the accused in rape cases were mostly unknown assailants, in Jaipur, the perpetrators were mostly found to be victim's own relatives like uncle, cousin, nephew or even father apart from friends.The figures compiled by Jaipur police suggest that out of 127 cases of rape registered till date, in 90% of the cases, the victims were allegedly raped by those known to her including close relatives, friends or those living in the neighborhood. A few cases also suggest that the victim had lodged a case of rape against the man with whom she was having a 'live-in' relationship with the hope of getting married.\"Out of the 127 rape cases registered, 77 women became victims of their close relatives' motives. The figures also suggested that seven women lodged cases of rape against the man with whom they were living under a 'live-in' relationship. When the men did not marry them, these women lodged cases of rape,\" said Raghuveer Saini, additional deputy commissioner of police (crime), talking to TOI on Thursday.On the other hand, the police also said that at least in 30 cases, the victim was exploited for months and the accused had also made a video of the victim being raped. \"Initially the victim did not muster courage to lodge a case since the accused had threatened to make their video public but later registered a case,\" said a police officer.When contacted, S K Solanki, former professor and head of the department, SMS medical college, held deterioration in values and human relationship responsible for the situation.\"This clearly indicates that in Jaipur we are witnessing a deterioration in human relationship. I think the way joint family structure has broken in the past five years due to increased urbanization is responsible for the tendency,\" he added.In 2012, three cases of rape registered in city were really shocking as the father of the girl was accused of rape.\"One of the case at Sanganer Sadar station was registered by the mother of the victim stating that her daughter was raped by her father,\" said a police officer.Asked if the number of women personnel is less in Jaipur compared to other cities, BL Soni, commissioner of police, said: \"We have 735 women personnel under police commissionerate out of which 6 are assistant commissioners of police, one inspector, 31 sub-inspectors, 10 head constables and 687 constables.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17701577", "title": "Gujaratis in Khozikode hail Modi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s victory", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Gujarati community in Kozhikode considers the victory of Narendra Modi a deserving one. Rather than the victory of a particular political party, it is the victory of Modi, who is a pro-development leader, said members of the Gujarati community, here.\"The victory of Modi was on expected lines and the exit polls also reflected the same,\" said Jayanth Kumar, a member of the community. \"There is nothing political in his victory. Any political leader who takes pro-development measures will certainly garner public support,\" he said.Meanwhile, some members feel the election result in Gujarat has nothing to do with the Gujarati community here. They said they were not much interested in the politics of Gujarat as majority of them were born and brought up in Kozhikode.However, they admitted that Modi's victory was a deserving one considering what he had done for the state. \"Political leaders in Kerala should also follow the model of Modi in developmental activities,\" a member said.\"The changes in various sectors, including industrial, information technology and education, led to the third consecutive victory of Modi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17701446", "title": "Directors from Iran, Israel come together", "text": "KOCHI: The open forum organized as part of the Kochi International Film Festival here on Thursday became a rare occasion for the meeting of two prominent filmmakers from the hostile nations of Iran and Israel.However, both Mohsen Makhmalbaf from Iran and Dan Wolman from Israel were thoroughly at home and posed for photographs together with organizers at the forum which discussed 'Women and Cinema'.Both Makhmalbaf and Wolman do not share the xenophobic postures of their own countries and stood solidly for peace and fraternal relations between the two countries. \"I have even made a film in Israel, just to provoke the fundamentalist elements in my home country,\" Makhmalbaf told TOI here.\"The tendency to ghettoize people from Iran and Israel should be strongly resisted as it perpetuates the divide,'' Wolman said. Wolman added that the digital technology had started revolutionizing the filmmaking scenario and independent filmmakers, particularly women, should rise up to capture this opportunity to make the film. Film screenings will be confined to Children's Theatre near the Children's park for the remaining three days of the festival and it will begin with the screening of three documentaries at 10am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17699871", "title": "Hospital faces the music for dumping waste irresponsibly", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP has slapped a showcause notice on Mallige Medical Centre, Crescent Road, asking it to explain within three days why it dumped hazardous biomedical waste near the Hebbal flyover, said chief medical officer Dr Devaki Umesh. The hospital's trade licence has been cancelled.A police complaint has been filed against the truck owner and contractor B Venkatesh, who has been picked up for questioning. The complaint also names two other truck drivers as accused. The drivers are missing, but the trucks are in police custody.The notices might even lead to the closure of the hospital for having callously given away its infectious medical waste along with other waste, said BBMP's Yelahanka zone joint commissioner YM Ramachandramurthy.The hospital produces over 10 kg of non-medical waste and 50-60 kg of biomedical waste every day.The spot, abutting the Hebbal lake on one side and the highway on the other side, is a favourite place for illegal dumping. Only two days ago, the same spot had been used by a contractor to dump municipal solid waste collected from Ganganagar. The BBMP warned the contractor and cleaned up the mess.\"Apart from biomedical waste, the dump also has hotel waste and residential waste. The medical waste found is highly infectious,\" confirmed Dr Vijaykumar Biradar, deputy health officer, Yelahanka zone.Besides illegal dumping, the heap is also a reminder that the hospital is not giving due importance to non-mixing (segregation) of its waste, BBMP officers said.BBMP sources said they have asked the hospital to remove the waste. If it fails to comply by Friday morning, the civic body may have to lift it.\"The contractor might have collected biomedical waste from other clinics also. We are making efforts to figure out whether there were other sources for the waste,\" Ramachandramurthy said.Dr N Ramesh, administrator, Mallige Medical Centre, told TOI that his hospital gives biomedical waste to SembRamky Environment Management Pvt Ltd. \"We give the rest of the waste to a private contractor. The dump on Airport Road could also belong to other hospitals.\"Shesha Reddy, operational manager at SembRamky Environment Management, said some of the medical waste dumped could be from homes.Residents of nearby Sahakarnagar were overwhelmed by the stench through the day. \"This shows the irresponsibility of the hospital which dumped the waste. How can you throw dangerous medical waste on the roadside? They must be penalized,\" said Antony Das, a social worker from the locality.What is biomedical waste?As per Biomedical Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 1998, biomedical waste means any waste generated during the diagnosis, treatment or immunization of human beings or animals in research activities pertaining to the production or testing of biological and other categories mentioned in Schedule 1. According to rulebook, biomedical waste must be disposed of scientifically through authorized agencies.As per Section 353 of the KMC Act, 1976, hospitals and healthcare units failing to adhere to the norms of processing biomedical waste can be fined and closed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17701059", "title": "40 families return to Nonadanga", "text": "KOLKATA: Slum dwellers of Nonadanaga and activists supporting them were not allowed by police to take out a protest march from College Square on Thursday. Instead, they were asked to meet deputy commissioner (SED) to discuss the problem. Later, 40 families returned to Nonadanga amid police protection.On Wednesday, slum dwellers had accused Trinamool Congress activists of beating them up for refusing to move out from the area. The attack had injured three slum dwellers, two of whom are still in the hospital. An attempt to murder complaint was also lodged at Tiljala police station.\"We met Champak Bhattacharya, the deputy commissioner, and told him that despite making repeated complaints, police had not bothered to provide protection to the slum dwellers,\" said Amitava Bhattacharya, leader of the anti-eviction committee of the slum dwellers, on Thursday.After a long discussion, the deputy commissioner reportedly assured them of police protection to avoid any further attack. Later in the evening, 40 families returned to Nonadanga with the help of police.Nonadanga remained tense on Thursday following the clash between Trinamool Congress activists and the slum dwellers on Wednesday. Still two of the slum dwellers - Bidhubushan Naskar and Archana Niyogi - are undergoing treatment at Kolkata Medical College and Hospital. Hospital sources said that both sustained serious injuries. Naskar has injury on his chest and suffering from respiratory problem.Late on Wednesday,the injured slum dwellers and political activists who are fighting in favour of the slum dwellers have lodged an FIR at Tiljala police station against the Trinamool activists and local ruling party leader Manindra Dutta. \"We have lodged complaint of attempt to murder,\" said Amitava Bhattacharya, leader of the anti-eviction committee of the slum dwellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17700890", "title": "Ex-cop, military man held for poaching peafowls", "text": "TRICHY: Four people, including a retired military man and a retired assistant commissioner of police were on Thursday remanded in 15 days' judicial custody by the Trichy judicial magistrate court -V for poaching 11 peafowl. The case assumes importance because the people could not cite ignorance of law, nor could they argue that it was chicken meat since it was not cooked as they were caught red-handed with the skinned protected bird.Acting on a tipoff, a team of forest officials intercepted a Tata Safari near Nachikurichi Rettai Vaikkal on the Somarasampettai to Trichy Road in Srirangam taluk at around 5.15am when four persons - S M Jeyaraj, 61 a retired assistant commissioner of police, his son J Dinakar Samuel Raj, 29, both from Ezhil Nagar, former military man I John Paul Raj, 48, from Tennur, and G Gopal, 45, from R I Malai at Kulithalai in Karur district - were returning home with the skinned birds. The officials seized the vehicle, a country gun, a battery set, a headlight and a knife from them. The poaching allegedly took place on Wednesday night at a private farm in Thayanur village on the outskirts of Trichy.Caught red-handed, they could not advance any explanation in their defence, since two of them had already served in the government.\"It is a strong case in a long time and conviction could be possible under Wildlife Protection Act 1972 so that it would serve as a deterrent to other poachers,\" district forest officer I Anvardeen told TOI. The offence carries a punishment of three to a maximum of seven years' imprisonment.Trichy division has only 9% of reserved forest and poaching of these animals that easily stray outside the protected areas goes unabated and unreported. Anvardeen said the carcasses would be buried in a safer, undisclosed area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17699119", "title": "Indian Police anniversary leaves motorists fuming", "text": "HYDERABAD: Clockwork precision at Parade Grounds and chaos outside. It was a stark contrast at the 150th anniversary celebrations of the Indian Police organised at Parade Grounds in Secunderabad on Thursday.The fabulous display of combat skills by trainee SIs wowed everyone at the venue, but police-enforced restrictions on the Begumpet-Secunderabad stretch left road-users fuming on Thursday night.Though the celebrations were scheduled to start from 4 pm, the Hyderabad traffic police began troubling commuters from as early as 1.30 pm.Due to diversions at various places between Begumpet and Parade Grounds, traffic moved at a snail's pace on various roads, including SP Road, RP Road, SD Road, MG Road, Picket Road and General Chowdhuri road, near the venue. Traffic was blocked near various entrances of the ground between 1.30 pm and 7.45 pm.As the event was happening during peak traffic hours on the arterial SP Road, commuters had a tough time, especially after the event ended at 7.30 pm.As traffic was completely blocked for the chief minister's convoy to pass after the event, it was chaos on the roads for an hour for commuters on the Punjagutta-Parade Grounds stretch. Traffic congestion eased on SP Road only after 9 pm, long after the event was over.The daredevil stunts performed by police personnel on motorcycles were breathtaking.The rainbow show performed by trainee SIs, sporting a reflective fatigue and LED thread around their heads, was the highlight of the three-and-half-hour celebrations.However, the much-needed stress buster came from most unexpected quarters: the VVIPs on the dais, including chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, home minister Sabita Indra Reddy and additional DG (Training) Tejdeep Kaur Menon, with their Telugu 'expertise'.While praising the trainee SIs' stunts, instead of asking the crowd, \"blood pressure periginda (Has your blood pressure increased?)\" Tejdeep Kaur asked them \"Bharya pressure periginda (Has the pressure from your wife increased?)\", evoking peals of laughter.After that guffaw, in a bid to encourage trainee constables, the home minister asked them to give a stern answer to \"IAS terrorists\" instead of \"ISI terrorists\".The chief minister also added to the laugh riot by mispronouncing several Telugu words during his speech. The event ended with fabulous fire-cracker display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701783", "title": "Fear stalks women as danger lurks on unlit Ludhiana streets", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the aftermath of the Delhi gangrape, fear stalks women in the city. Going out at night at places enveloped in the dark is scary. Many places acquire a sleazy feel after sunset either in the absence of streetlights or because of lights getting overshadowed by trees. Sectors 15, 18, 19, 22, 25, 31, 39, 38, 37, 40 42, 45,46, 47, 44, 34, the area around Golf Club, between Khuda Lahora and PGI and IT Park, are cases in point. The horticulture wing of Municipal Corporation rarely makes efforts to prune foliage due to both manpower and funds shortage.Residents have repeatedly raised the issue but to no avail. Significantly, the horticulture wing of the MC does not have separate staff for pruning of trees. The work is done either by gardeners at parks and green belts or by labourers. Strict environment laws prohibit residents from taking initiative on their own. An official of the MC's horticulture wing said, seeking anonymity, \"We hardly conduct routine drives for pruning as we have to respond to calls made by both the public and senior officials. We don't get time for routine pruning, therefore, it has not been done in the past many years.\" Such a state of affairs is nowhere near reassuring for residents who fear criminals could be lurking in dark corners. \"There are streets in our locality where you can hardly see bulbs as they are covered by long branches. Girls and women cannot move out late in the evening. We have requested senior MC officials and authorities at the horticulture wing to look into the problem but nothing has been done,\" said Surinder Sharma, president of the resident welfare association of Sector 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700730", "title": "19-year-old boy arrested for rape and molestation", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shivaji Nagar police arrested a 19-year-old boy for allegedly raping his neighbour's 10-year-old daughter and molesting another neighbour's nine-year-old daughter on Tuesday. Imran Shaikh convinced the two to come over to his hutment at Sanjay Nagar to play with him.Senior inspector R S Agarwal said the offences occurred at different times and Shaikh was arrested after a complaint was lodged on Tuesday night.The matter came to light after when the victims went home and complained.The arrest was made after medical examination of the victims confirmed that one was raped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17698809", "title": "Mysore kidnap and murder; police recover lost gold rings", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore city police suspect whether kidnap and murder of 18-year-old Sanjay was for ransom has further strengthened their doubt with police recovering two lost gold rings from the spot where Sanjay's body was recovered near Mysore.After three long hour search, investigation officers have found gold rings from Varuna canal near Dodda Katur, some 30 kms away from the city, disclosed police commissioner K L Sudheer. The spot was about 15 kms inside from a main road.When cops recovered Sanjay's body from the canal on Wednesday, they had found a gold ring and ear-stud and a silver bracelet. However, his finger rings were missing. A team of officers led by police commissioner visited the spot and after three long hour search, the rings were recovered around 10.30 am.Sudheer said kidnappers until Tuesday kept guessing cops by demanding for ransom to set Sanjay free but they haven't touched any valuable on Sanjay's person, which worth nearly Rs 1 lakh. This is giving us doubt whether kidnap for ransom. It is also possible that miscreants are trying to mislead the officers. The commissioner, however, said it is too early to conclude and investigation is still on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17701971", "title": "Now, Mohanlal booked for promoting smoking in posters", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The health department on Thursday registered a case against actor Mohanlal, for appearing with a tobacco product in the posters of his new movie 'Karmayodha'. The actor plays the role of an encounter specialist Madhava Menon in the movie, to be released on Friday. The posters show Mohanlal holding a cigar in one hand and a hipflask in the other.The department had on Wednesday booked actor Mythili, director Aneesh Upasana and managing director of the distribution firm Prashanth Narayan for posters of Matinee, showing the actor smoking a cigarette. The case has been posted on March 18. Besides Mohanlal, movie director Major Ravi and the managers of the distribution firm, theatres Nila, Sreekumar and Sreevisakh have also been booked under section 22 of the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution) Act, 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700916", "title": "No solid food for gang-raped girl for years, say doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just three inches of the six-metre-long small intestine remain in the body of the 23-year-old physiotherapist who was gang-raped four days ago, as most of it was removed following serious infection caused by the trauma.This means that even if the \"brave girl\" pulls through, she will not be able to have solid food for years.The small intestine is actually one of the most vital parts of the human anatomy. The small intestine is where 90% of the digestion and food absorption occurs. Enzymes and bile acids break down food with all the nutrients absorbed by the inner walls of the small intestine into the blood stream.With no small intestine left, her body will have to receive nutrition directly into her vein called Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN).\"She won't be able to have food through the oral route for years,\" said Dr KT Bhowmik of Safdarjung Hospital.Dr MC Mishra, chief of AIIMS's trauma centre, told TOI, \"Her future isn't bright because she will have to be on TPN for months. TPN is normally given through a large central vein that goes into the heart and major vessels. The sites get infected over time and affect the liver. This is the major challenge.\"Dr A S Soin, transplant surgeon at Medanta Medicity, added, \"She may be able to eat after months through the oral route but that will only be for physical satisfaction. It will go out immediately through the tube put inside her for drainage. The body won't absorb any nutrition and she will suffer from serious malnutrition. If a patient has less than 30-40 cm of intestine left, hope for recovery or having oral food is lowest. TPN will be her only hope.\"One option for the girl could be an intestinal transplant.\"But that hasn't been conducted successfully in India. It is commonly done in Leeds in the UK and in Toronto. But that isn't even an option at present. It will be at least six months to a year before we can give it a thought,\" Dr Bhowmik said.Dr Mishra added, \"Bowel transplant is done in very few numbers even in developed countries. Also, its success rate is very low. If kidney and liver transplant has a 90% success rate, it is as low as 30%-40% in case of a bowel transplant.\"The immediate concern of the team at Safdarjung Hospital taking care of the victim is how to stabilize her and shift her out of the Intensive Care Unit (ICU).\"ICU is a bad place to be in as it is swarming with infection. Our immediate concern is to see whether we can stabilize her outside an ICU. Infection rates in an ICU are 40% higher than that in a ward. She has catheters, IV lines all of which are major sources of infection,\" Dr Bhowmik said.He lamented, \"We don't know how long we can pull her through. She has multiple injuries, all of which are severe. All of them can be a source for fresh infections. She is under heavy antibiotic cover. At some stage, her immunity will dip.\"Another doctor said, \"Its not like the next 72 hours are critical. It is actually the next 7-10 days that will be vital for her survival. Reconstruction work will take place months later. At present, no more surgeries are planned. The focus is to ensure she pulls through without being on ventilator.\"Dr Soin also pointed to the fact that the small intestine harbours a huge number of our immunity cells that protect us from dangerous infections.\"A person can still survive without a large intestine. Without the small intestine, it can be fatal. It makes us more prone to foreign infections that can be life threatening,\" a doctor said.Experts said an intestine transplant is performed when the patient is dependent on intravenous TPN, has developed infections or complications that make it increasingly difficult to administer TPN, liver failure or has a nonfunctional bowel. An intestinal transplant surgery is a last suitable option of treatment for patients with intestinal failure who develop life-threatening problems from total parenteral nutrition (TPN).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17700011", "title": "Opposition walks out over casual drought reply", "text": "NAGPUR: Enraged over failure of the government to spell out concrete measures to tackle the drought-like situation in some parts of the state, the opposition staged a walkout from the Assembly accusing the government of being insensitive.This happened at the end of a two-day debate that stretched till wee hours of Thursday and again resumed at 9am. When it came to responding, chief minister said a specific relief plan was to be prepared in consultation with Central government. When the house resumed for regular session at 11am, the opposition members raised the drought issue and did not allow question hour expressing dissatisfaction over the replies of the ministers on drought situation. The house was repeatedly adjourned.MNS member Bala Nandgaonkar and Nana Patole ( BJP ) and Chimanrao Patil (Sena) accused the government of being casual in it replies on the crisis looming large over parts of the state, especially western Maharashtra and Marathwada regions. Ruling party member Shashikant Shinde ( NCP) and Shirish Kotwal (Ind) shared similar views. In this melee the question was lost.Opposition leaders Eknath Khadse (BJP), Subhash Desai (Sena), PWP's Ganpatrao Deshmukh and others accused the government of wasting precious time on fruitless debate. BJP's Sudhir Munguntiwar raised the issue of plight of cotton, soya and paddy cultivators and demanded remunerative prices. Angry members created ruckus and shouted slogans against the government. They also trooped into the well leading to a 15-minute adjournment.After resumption, Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil announced that chief minister would give a detailed reply on the issue on Friday, the last day of the winter session. Only this assurance brought the tempers down.Admitting the situation was bad, Chavan said the primary concern was of drinking water availability. Measures have been initiated for water management till July next year. He said about 13 districts were affected by the drought. Cooperation minister Harshwardhan Patil said instructions had been issued for not enforcing loan recovery in affected areas. EGS minister Nitin Raut said a provision of Rs700-crore was made for employment schemes for the drought-hit. Agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil said there was a drop in the yield in both Rabi and Kharif crop. He said no sowing could take place on 10,500 hectares and added that weather monitoring station would be set up in each district for accurate forecasting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17699620", "title": "Stick to cotton purchase schedule, says agriculture minister", "text": "GUNTUR: Agriculture minister Kanna Lakshminarayana has asked cotton farmers not to bring the entire stock to purchase centres in one go as the government was committed to picking stocks till the last. He suggested the farmers to bring stocks as per the schedule to get better prices.Addressing cotton farmers after opening a purchase centre at the agriculture market yard here on Thursday, the minister said he along with Union ministers and MPs from the state met Union commerce minister Anand Sharma in Delhi two days back and explained to him the need to relax rules for purchasing cotton in view of the problems faced by farmers in the state.He said Sharma had responded positively and issued instructions to the Cotton Corporation of India within no time after they briefed him on the situation in the state.CCI was ready to purchase the total stock from farmers, provided they cooperated with the government agency.Cotton production in the state was expected to go up by at least 20 lakh bales from 55 lakh bales the previous year.He said the situation in the open market turned sensitive with private merchants cutting their purchase. \"However, the government is committed to picking up the entire stock,\" he said. He advised farmers to stick to the purchase schedule to get better remunerative price. The minister said the CCI had picked up nearly 2.4 lakh quintals of cotton from Guntur alone in the last one month and continued purchases from all the 10 centres.The minister said nearly one lakh quintals of stock was bought by the CCI at the Piduguralla centre and advised farmers not to rely on middlemen or agents to sell their stocks. He said farmers would get reasonable prices only at the authorised purchase centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17700533", "title": "'Government shouldn't intervene in Khagzi Trust's matters'", "text": "INDORE: Responding to the recent developments on the matters of the Khasgi Trust,the trustee Satish Malhotra said that the entire property is owned by the trust and hence it was improper on behalf of the state government to intervene . He also said that selling of property by the trust was carried out with a consensus among all the stakeholders.He was talking to a select media immediately after his landing in the city at the Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport. Commenting on the state government's move to conduct special audit of the trust's property, he said, \"We have never objected to such audits and hence they (the state government) are free to conduct the same any time.\" In reply to another query, Malhotra said that the trust has been served by 16 commissioners so far and none of them has ever objected to the selling of any property by the trust so far.Of late, the Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court has ordered to issue notice to the central government in the case of Khasgi Trust. A representative of central government is also involved in this trust. During the hearing of Khasgi Trust case, Justice SC Sharma issued a notice to the government in this connection. It is to be noted that the trust had reasched the court against the actions of the district administration. The next hearing of the case will take place in January.The trust was set up by Ahilya Bai during her regime. The objective behind the formation of the trust was to ensure independence to the women in the Holkar dynasty, so that they did not have to depend on their male counterparts for their maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17700080", "title": "State BJP celebrates Modi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s landslide victory in Gujarat", "text": "JAIPUR: The state BJP on Thursday basked in the glory of the party's victory in the neighbouring state of Gujarat, which was the third consecutive one for Gujarat's chief minister Narendra Modi. Congratulation messages poured in from senior leaders and party members in the state, who attributed the success to the development in the neighbouring state. The party workers and members celebrated the win by bursting fire crackers and distributing sweets at the state party headquarters.The state BJP too had a role to play in the party's win in Gujarat. While senior leaders including Vasundhara Raje and Arun Chaturvedi had campaigned there, several teams of workers from the state were active in mobilizing the voters in the districts of Gujarat, which are located on the Rajasthan border.Playing a vital role was former state president Om Prakash Mathur, who was overseeing the party's work during the elections in Gujarat. Mathur, Modi's trusted lieutenant, was also in charge during the 2002 elections and is in the neighbouring state for the past three months playing a key-role in planning and management of the party campaign.\"The unmatched development and growth that Narendra Modi has ensured for the state and the policies of the BJP are the reasons behind the good performance of the party in the polls,'' said former chief minister and leader of opposition in Rajasthan assembly Vasundhara Raje. She said that the mandate clearly reflected that the voters in Gujarat had chosen development over the false promises made by Congress.State president Arun Chaturvedi said that the BJP and Modi had ensured the fourth in a row for the party and the third for the Gujarat chief minister only on the agenda of development and good governance. \"The Congress has only tried to polarize the Gujarat voter on communal grounds and controversies, but the people in Gujarat have rejected it all,'' he said.The return of Narendra Modi government in neighbouring Gujarat has, on the other hand, given hope to the state's Ashok Gehlot government to beat anti-incumbency on the basis of its welfare schemes. At least Gehlot's ministers believe so, as they rate Congress's flagship schemes in Rajasthan much higher than Modi's development projects in Gujarat. State Congress leaders expressed 'satisfaction' at the party's performance in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh assembly elections' results declared on Thursday. The Congressmen rejoiced at the party throwing BJP out of power in Himachal Pradesh and emphasized that it improved its tally in Gujarat vis-a-vis the previous assembly elections there. The party leaders also insisted that it was Modi's 'communal agenda' that helped him score a hat-trick.\"We lost in Gujarat owing to Narendra Modi's communal agenda and high-tech election campaign. Still, we gained two seats while BJP lost two seats there,\" said cabinet minister Ashok Bairwa. He added that Congress would return to power in Rajasthan in the December 2013 elections because of its welfare schemes that are far better than those in Modi's Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17701139", "title": "Singer Nithyasree\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s husband ends life by jumping into river", "text": "CHENNAI: Classical vocalist Nithyasree Mahadevan's husband V Mahadevan committed suicide by jumping into the Adyar river from the Kotturpuram bridge near their home on Thursday afternoon. Police said Mahadevan had been suffering from depression , for which he was taking medical help.Nithyasree is the granddaughter of D K Pattammal, considered one of the 'female trinity' of Carnatic music along with M S Subbulakshmi and M L Vasanthakumari. She has been giving concerts during the ongoing margazhi music festival and was scheduled to perform on Thursday too.Mahadevan, 45, reached the bridge driving his white Honda City, with his driver seated beside him, around 12.30pm.\"He stopped the car, stepped out, climbed the parapet wall and took the plunge,\" said a policeman who reached the scene soon after the incident. \"People who saw him jump into the river called the fire and rescue service.\" Rescue personnel pulled him out and an ambulance took him to a private hospital around 1.30 pm. Soon, doctors in the hospital declared him dead.The mood was sombre at the late Carnatic vocalist D K Pattammal's house in Kotturpuram on Thursday. Her granddaughter, singer Nithyasree Mahadevan, remained closeted indoors with her relatives after the news of her husband Mahadevan's suicide spread.Sobs rent the air when the couple's daughters, Tejashree, 10, and Tanujashree, 8, were brought back from school in the afternoon. The girls, clad in their school uniforms, ran indoors crying.The family had gathered at DKP's house and a steady stream of friends and relatives dropped in to convey their condolences. Vocalist Vijay Siva, a close friend of the family who reportedly sang at the couple's wedding, arrived at the house soon after the news broke and stayed with the family.Mahadevan committed suicide on Thursday afternoon by jumping into the Adyar river from Kotturpuram bridge near their home. Around 2.30pm, a few policemen visited the house. While the family strictly guarded their privacy, Krishnakumar, a family friend, addressed the media at 3.10pm, to say that Nithyasree was fine and was inside consoling her daughters.Carnatic vocalist Nithyasree, who is well-known on the sabha circuit and has a number of concerts lined up this season, is also a playback singer. She is best known for the A R Rahman song 'Kannodu Kanbadellam' in the Tamil film 'Jeans'. Nithyasree is the granddaughter of the late D K Pattammal, who is considered part of the female trinity of Carnatic music, along with the late M S Subbulakshmi and the late M L Vasanthakumari. Mridangam maestro Palghat Mani Iyer was her maternal grandfather.The couple's residence at fourth main road extension in Kotturpuram nearby was deserted. The couple, who lived with Mahadevan's father, led a quiet life and seemed to have no problems, said a neighbour who knows the family. Nithyasree apparently received a call at 12.30pm saying her husband had jumped off the bridge and had rushed to the spot, she said.Musicians, including vocalists T M Krishna and P Unnikrishnan, dropped in to offer their condolences. In the evening, Nithyasree's brother Ramprasad sent an email to media houses. \"Nithyasree, her parents and siblings are recouping and are safe and doing fine,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700471", "title": "No records of Taj Mahal being one of the seven wonders: Govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: Who declared Taj Mahal one of the wonders of the world? The Government of India (GoI) says it has no records available which bestow on the Taj the status of one of the wonders of the world.The question has left even the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) flummoxed. The archeologists in ASI headquarters in New Delhi said they would like to know who declared Taj Mahal one of the wonders of the world.\"Give me some time, I will find out, though I am not sure If I can get any answer to this,\" said a senior official in ASI, New Delhi. The national portal of India, under its 'Know India' section, has described Taj as one of the wonders of the world. But, when the government was asked to provide certified copies of notifications, circulars, office notes and other records that declared the 'monument of love' as one of the wonders of the world, the government said it had no records to the effect.The application which moved from PMO to Ministry of culture and landed at ASI table finally, was answered in a one-liner by Agra circle of ASI. \"Record regarding declaration of Taj Mahal as one of the wonders of the world is not available in this office,\" said the superintending archaeologist and appellate authority of ASI's Agra circle.\"If Agra circle says it has no records, it surely does not have such information,\" said the official. ASI, he said, had two mandates. It has to first decide if a building is a monument, and secondly, if it is a national monument. India has several monuments which are archeological wonders like the Taj.The government could have explained if there was any international body that described the Taj as one of the wonders of the world, or if the monument was called so in a general parlance, said RTI activist Urvashi Sharma.Taj Mahal, an archaeological masterpiece and one of the most popular monuments in the world, is also on the list of world heritage sites of UNESCO. \"An immense mausoleum of white marble, built in Agra between 1631 and 1648 by order of the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan in memory of his favourite wife, the Taj Mahal is the jewel of Muslim art in India and one of the universally admired masterpieces of the world's heritage,\" is how Unesco describes it.Unesco had distanced itself from the 'new seven wonders campaign' in 2007, in which Taj Mahal was on the list. \"It is not under ASI's jurisdiction to declare the monument as one of the wonders, but it's a pertinent RTI query to know which government body declares monuments as wonders of the world,\" said the ASI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17702286", "title": "Contempt breather for 2 IAS officers", "text": "CUTTACK: Two senior IAS officers got relief from the Orissa High Court which dropped the contempt charges initiated against them for non-compliance with its order issued in connection with providing drinking water to the anganwadi centres across the state.Accepting the unconditional apology of rural development secretary S N Tripathy and former women and child development secretary Aarti Ahuja, the division bench of Chief Justice V Gopalagowda and Justice B N Mohapatra decided to drop the contempt charges.Tripathy and Ahuja had personally appeared in the court in August and tendered unconditional apology. \"As both the officers had tendered unconditional apology, the court decided to drop the contempt proceedings,\" said petitioner Dilip Mohapatra. The court, however, has directed them to provide drinking water facilities at all the 9,543 anganwadi centres at the earliest.Adjudicating a PIL seeking drinking water supply at anganwadi centres across the state in March 2011, the high court had directed the officers to dig bore wells at all the 9,543 centres on a war footing. The officers had instead filed an affidavit in October 2011 claiming that tube wells have been sunk in 3,454 anganwadis. Irked with the reply, the court decided to frame contempt charges against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17700871", "title": "Three years on, Patki family still awaits justice", "text": "PUNE: Nearly three years after two women in their family were murdered, members of the Patki family in Karvenagar area are still waiting for justice. Family members said here on Thursday that they wanted \"fast track court\" so that this case would end and so would their \"extremely painful wait for justice\".The wife and sister of the chief financial officer (CFO) of Saraswat co-operative bank were brutally murdered in their bungalow at Raghukul society in Karvenagar on April 17, 2010. It was just after noon when burglars broke into their house and the victims - Smita Patki (52), wife of the CFO, and Sulabha Pachurkar (61)- raised an alarm. No one in the neighbourhood responded and the two women were murdered.The police arrested the three accused, Ambadas Jadhav (32), Pandurang alias Pandya Jadhav (19) and Bunty Wadverao (22), all from Solapur. They were charged under sections 302, 394, 452, read with 34 of the Indian Penal Code, for the double murders.\"Things are moving very slowly as far as getting justice is concerned. It took so much time for the trial to begin and when it started, hardly anything happened. I went to the court to attend the trial twice, but none of the accused were present,\" said Prabhakar, while speaking to TOI. Prabhakar said that he was \"upset and frustrated\" with the reasons the police offered for not bringing the accused to court. \"Government officials told us that they did not have escorts to bring the accused to the court. It was really shocking to hear such reasons, particularly in such a serious case. The case should be taken to fast track court,\" he said.Prabhakar Patki works in Mumbai and usually came to Pune on weekends. Nobody was home on that day when burglars broke into the house. Prabhakar Patki's sister Sulabha Pachurkar, who lived in Erandawane, was visiting Smita and had come to stay with her about a week prior to the incident.The incident came to light at around 12.30 pm, when one of the two housemaids at the bungalow, came to work, the police said. She opened the door with the key given to her by the Patkis and found the two women lying in a pool of blood. The house maid alerted a neighbour, who called the city police control room, following which officials of Kothrud police station reached the spot. Prabhakar's brother Ratnakar then informed him about the incident.\"The punishment should work as deterrent for those people who wish to carry out such acts. But the delay in delivering justice reduces the deterrence value of the punishment. On the other hand this delay becomes a punishment for the family members of the victims. This delay should be stopped,\" said Ratnakar, reiterating his brother's demand to take case in a fast track court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17701201", "title": "Tribals to defy ban on collecting minor forest produces", "text": "COIMBATORE: Giving a new dimension to their struggle against declaring Sathyamangalam wildlife sanctuary a tiger reserve without meeting the provisions of the Forest Rights Act, 2006, over 10,000 tribals living in Thalavady and Kadambur hills that fall within the sanctuary limits have decided to defy a ban on their entry on January 2 and collect minor forest produces (MFPs). A tribal convention held in Sathyamangalam on Wednesday decided to break the year-old ban on collecting MFPs like honey, gooseberry, wild ginger, shikakai and various types of herbs from the sanctuary.Bhavani Sagar MLA P L Sundaram and many forest activists are expected to join hundreds of tribals in Arepalayam village when they move into the forest on January 2.\"Article 3 (c) of chapter II of the Forest Rights Act allows tribals to gather over 28 types of non-timber produce from the forest, including wild honey and gooseberry. In fact, we were enjoying the right for generations and it was partially discontinued only when forest brigand Veerappan became active in the region. After Veerappan was killed in 2004, 28 village forest committees with 4,300 beneficiaries were set up to collect MFPs from the sanctuary. Between 2004 and 2011, the committees used to collect and sell forest produce from 23,000 hectares and earn an average of a crore rupees annually. After paying wages to the collectors, we could save up to Rs 29 lakh every year, which would then be deposited in bank accounts maintained by the committees. But the committees were disbanded as a prelude to declare the sanctuary a tiger reserve,'' says P Dorai of Tamil Nadu Pazhamkudi Makkal Sanghom, a forum of forest dwellers.Sundaram, CPI leader and local MLA, says the move to declare Sathyamangalam reserve a tiger reserve at the cost of the traditional rights of forest dwellers was initiated by a forest conservator who has since been suspended from service for indecent behaviour. \"In a bid to gather more funds, the department forsook the rights of tribals to access the jungles to collect forest produce and graze cattle,\" he says.The MLA warned that the January 2 agitation would be the first major direct action against the self-seeking officials who have denied livelihood to hundreds of tribals. Residents from the villages of Thalavadi, Thiganare, Thinkalur, Panakkalli, Naithalpuram, Igalur, Thalamalai, Bainapuram, Hassanur and Germalam village panchayats are expected to participate in the public action.Dorai says that the tribals and their cooperatives were the pride of the forest department until they mooted the tiger reserve project with the support of Union ministry of environment and forests. \"We depend entirely on livestock and there is no land for us to graze them. The department is now forcing us to sell our goats and cows,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17700546", "title": "Santa brings a plum business for city bakeries", "text": "INDORE: With Christmas and New Year around the corner the bakery business in the city is plum with the sale of bakery products witnessing an approximate rise of around 40 %, claim bakers in Indore.\"It's Christmas season and bakery products are high in demand during this time of the year. There is a good range of cakes and cookies ordered for Christmas, but plum cakes and rum cakes top the list\" says Simi Saxena, owner of Simi's cake shop in Vijaynagar. \"I have been running the bakery for almost 20 years now and from experience I can tell the demand for cakes and other bakery products go up by 30-40%\". She further added \"People order Christmas theme cakes, with Santa Claus and Xmas trees for adornments which ultimately boost the sale.\"The zest of a festival is very essential and everything around including the food should reflect the festive mood, said the owner of Bake &amp; Shake, Goldie Talreja. \"During this period, cakes in general are very much in demand, but if we talk about Christmas cakes-plum cakes, rum cakes and other dry cakes are high on demand. We also make thematic cakes with a colour coding of red and white with pictures of Xmas tree and Santa Claus on them. With Christmas and New Year we see a significant rise in sales every year. There is an approximate rise in sales of around 40%.\"Manager Chocolate Room, Dinesh Kumar said \"We are going to add some typical preparations to our menu, like Banana Marshmallow Chocizza, Christmas Lava, Chocolate fondue with four dips. We are doing this to boost demand for our plum and dry cakes.\"For Rajeev Khurana, who owns the Fantasy bakery reiterates the views of other shop owners. \"It's the dry cakes that are mostly in demand but other bakery products like cookies and pastries also keep the sales up in this season. And there are always the Christmas cakes made especially for the festival. Starting from a few days before Christmas until the New Year, the sales go up by a notch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17700321", "title": "Elector population up by 60 lakh (or 5%)", "text": "BHOPAL: The state in 2012 recorded an increase of 60 lakh voters. The elector population (EP) ratio jumped from 53.74% in 2011 to 59.10% in 2012.Jaideep Govind, chief electoral officer, of Madhya Pradesh said that before draft publication 2012, as per guidelines of ECI, a special door to door survey was conducted from April 15 to June15 earlier this year. This resulted in the addition of 31 lakh net electors. Another feature was that the female inclusions were more than the male. The EP ratio was calculated for all the 47,830 polling booths.\"We found that of the 50 districts, 25 districts had more than 60% EP ratio. Only Badwani had an EP ratio less than 55% with the rest between 55-60% as per 2012 population.Gender ratio also increased in 2012 from 877 to 891. For the first time, MP has put into place the Elector Role Management System (ERMS) software in January 2012. \"This helped us view the entries on a daily basis. Earlier this could be done only once a year,\" the CEO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700581", "title": "Sikh, Muslim NGOs received least foreign funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Counter-terror agencies may be looking into fund flowing into Sikh and Muslim institutions and NGOs engaged in welfare activities of minorities on the suspicion of money from some of these being diverted into terrorism, but a government data shows that NGOs related to these communities get the least funding from abroad.Contrary to popular perception, Christian NGOs receive maximum foreign funding. While Christian NGOs have received over Rs 10,000 crore, Muslim institutions have got around Rs 300 crore, and Sikh NGOs accepted even smaller funding at around Rs 22 crore.With inputs of funds from various terror organizations based across the border or their affiliates in West Asia flowing into several Muslim NGOs, madarsas or other institutions, Indian agencies have kept a constant scrutiny of funding in minority institutions.National Investigation Agency (NIA) recently lodged an FIR alleging that foreign funding was flowing into certain NGOs ostensibly working for the welfare of 1984 anti-Sikh riots and the victims of the Operation Blue Star but to fund the activities and revive Babbar Khalsa International and Khalistan Zindabad Force.Government data, however, shows these minority institutions hardly get any foreign funding.The home ministry data detailing contributions made under Foreign Contributions (Regulation) Act (FCRA) to various minority institutions and NGOs between 2008-09 and 2010-11 shows that Muslim and Sikh NGOs have earned even lesser than those run by Buddhists.The data shows in the past three years, Christian NGOs have received Rs 10,617 crore as foreign funding, while the coffers of Buddhist institutions have been fattened by Rs 504 crore. In comparison, Muslim NGOs have got Rs 337 crore and Sikh NGOs received Rs 23 crore.Christians also have the maximum number of NGOs and institutions in India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d pegged at over 4,700 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d receiving foreign funding. Muslims come second with close to 250 NGOs, and Buddhist NGOs are estimated to be around 100. Sikhs have the least number of such registered institutions at only 14.The FCRA provides for NGOs to receive foreign funds after registration or prior permission. Every application of NGOs for registration or granting prior permission is decided with inputs from the security agencies. These NGOs have to also submit annual reports with government which are duly scrutinized.Recently, the government had also put NGOs engaged in anti-nuclear plant struggle in Kudankulam, Tamil Nadu, under scanner for receiving foreign funding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17699739", "title": "Doomsday likely only after 4 billion years", "text": "BANGALORE: The human population on planet Earth is more than 7 billion years old. We share the planet with as many as 8.7 million different forms of life, according to what is being billed as the most accurate estimate yet of life on the planet. Earth was formed approximately 4.54 billion years ago, and life appeared on its surface in the past 1 billion years.Scientists proved our planet has been rotating in the same direction for the past 4 billion years, and that the Earth's magnetic polarity does change every few hundred thousand years. The last time there was a change in this polarity was about 400,000 years ago, but there is no evidence to suggest it'll happen again anytime soon. With these staggering figures, it's surprising to see rumours about Doomsday and the world will come to an end today. It'll require a catastrophe of unimaginably huge proportions to snuff out planet Earth in a matter of a few hours or as doomsayers' predict, 'in a day'.However, scientists worldwide agree that life on Earth will end one day. The good news is that this is unlikely to happen for another 4 billion years or so. It'd be safe to say we can go about our daily routine and make plans for the coming holiday season and the New Year and beyond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17701917", "title": "Chorus for death penalty gains pitch", "text": "LUDHIANA: As the Delhi gangrape victim struggles for life against monumental odds, city residents gathered to pray for her by means of a candlelight vigil at Sarabha Nagar market. Hoping and praying for her recovery, residents also reiterated the demand for capital punishment for all the accused.Sapali Jain, a businesswoman and resident of Kitchlu Nagar who runs a non government organisation for the uplift of women in rural areas said, \"The whole country should protest this ghastly act of violence and brutality. The accused should not only be hanged but be treated in a way that no one ever dares to rape a woman in the country. Women have to be protected so that they can move freely. However, women are not safe even when they are with their fathers, brothers, husbands and friends, what to talk of them going out alone.\"Abhinav Jain, a resident of Bharat Nagar, has not been able to get over his rage ever since he received the news. \"Our sisters and mothers move around in such an unsafe environment. The accused in the Delhi case cannot be regarded as human beings at all. They should be punished in a way that others like them tremble even to think of touching a woman.\"According to Bharpur Singh, the government needs to be tough. \"The government should make amendments so that the law acts as deterrent for prevention of such crimes. We need to study laws of Arab countries. I am a frequent visitor to Dubai and laws are so stringent there that no one would dare to even tease a girl,\" he asserted.In a show of solidarity for the victim, people kept pouring in at Sarabha Nagar market till late evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700612", "title": "Govt nixes ex-CBI chief\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plea for longer tenures", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government has rejected former CBI director AP Singh's suggestion that the tenure of the agency chief be increased to five years or at least three years to allow him enough time to fully implement his vision for the CBI.The government has said that the Select Committee of the Rajya Sabha, which looked into the Lokpal and Lokayuktas Bill, has rejected the proposal and recommended that CBI director should continue to have a fixed two-year tenure. It has said the matter is not under consideration any more.Government said this in the Rajya Sabha in reply to a question on the government's decision to consider CBI's demand to increase the tenure of CBI director to five years.\"Director, CBI has, while conveying to the government the concerns of CBI on the Lokpal and Lokayukta Bill, 2011 as passed by the Lok Sabha, recommended, inter alia, that director CBI should 'continue to hold office for a period of not less than five years,' \" said minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy.He said according to information furnished by CBI, the agency has expressed its views on the issue before various parliamentary committees that the tenure of the director should be increased to five years.On the question of whether government is increasing the tenure to three years at least, the minister said, \"No. Section 4B of the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act, 1946 provides that the director, CBI, shall, notwithstanding any thing to the contrary contained in the rule relating to his condition of service, continue to hold office for a period of not less than two years from the date on which he assumes office.\"\"The select committee of the Rajya Sabha which considered the Lokpal and Lokayukta Bill, 2011, has also gone into various aspects relating to strengthening of CBI. In its report on the Bill, the select committee has, inter alia, recommended 'director of prosecution and director of CBI shall have a fixed term of two years.\" he said.Singh had not only made the demand in his various representations to the government but also publicly announced it in his exit interviews to the media last month. He had said that once a director joins the agency the first year goes into understanding what's happening and what needs to be done. By the time he prepares to put things in motion, his tenure is over, he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17701618", "title": "Is Janata Dal (U) trying to reachout to other parties?", "text": "PATNA: Has the JD-U started building bridges with other political parties, or has it got into a mode of flux sending overtures to them? The information that food, civil supply and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak had a late night \"chat\" with CPI state secretary Rajendra Singh at the latter's party headquarters, Janshakti Bhavan, on Wednesday caused flutter in political circles on Thursday afternoon - the time by which the results of the assembly elections held in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh were almost out.The results had given a clear third-time victory in a row to BJP CM Narendra Modi in Gujarat, with a marginally improved tally for the Congress, but the Congress had also wrested victory from the BJP in HP . Political circles were agog about the next move that the BJP's strongman Narendra Modi could make to propel himself on the national stage.Amid this situation, the information regarding the \"chat\" between Rajak and CPI state secretary acquired a spin of its own kind, as speculation got rife if the Gujarat outcome could impact the political scene in Bihar. \"The Rajak-Singh late night meeting is significant and pregnant with import which could unfold in the near future!\" was the general refrain. Singh, for his part, confirmed his meeting with Rajak, who is believed to be Nitish's Man Friday to explore the space for the JD (U) outside the NDA in Bihar. The CPI has one MLA in the state assembly.\" Yes , we had a meeting with Shyam Rajak around midnight on Wednesday. I had some problems which required his attention for their solution. This is all we discussed in our meeting,\" Singh said. He denied that their discussions had anything to do with the present or future political scene.Singh, however, said that the victory of Narendra Modi in Gujarat would not have any impact on the political scene in Bihar. Similar was the observation of the CPI (ML) state secretary Kunal, whose party has substantial electoral base in the state from among the Left parties. They, at the moment, do not foresee any change in the existing political alliances in the state, including between the JD-U and BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17700984", "title": "City court serves contempt notice to Surat top official", "text": "KANPUR: The Special Metropolitan Magistrate (First) of Kanpur Nagar on Thursday issued a contempt notice to the police commissioner of Surat (Gujarat) and asked him to explain by January 31 why contempt proceedings be not initiated against him for non-compliance of a court order.The presiding officer sent the contempt notice in a case of Negotiable Instrument Act (cheque bounce) when it found that police commissioner Surat had not complied with the court orders.The court had issued a non-bailable warrant and attachment of property process against accused Ashok Kumar, properiter of Maheshwari Traders, Surat, who was not appearing in the case -- Kamlesh Kumar Jaiswal v/s Ashok Kumar\u00e2\u20ac\u201d pending in the Kanpur court. The judicial official, J P Agarwal, in his order passed on Thursday observed: \"The court had instructed to you to serve the warrant by November 30, 2012, so that disposal of the case could be executed. Both non-bailable warrant and attachment processes were received by your office on November 3, 2012.But you and your office did not complied the court orders. Neither the accused appeared before the court, nor the process was sent back. It appears that you had no control over your subordinates.\"The judge further observed that \"the court is sending once again a non-bailable warrant and attachment of property process against the accused, and it is expected that you would arrest the accused and serve the attachment of property process if he is not found or evades arrest.If there shop and residence are locked, than break the lock and attach the property according to legal procedure and inform the court on the fixed date. Also, send an explanation why you didn't comply with the court orders earlier. Ensure the compliance of this order before January 31, 2013\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704332", "title": "Banaras Wali's musical launch", "text": "Made under Cine Vision Banner, Bhojpuri film 'Banaras Wali' had a musical launch recently. Film is directed by Shashikant Dubey. Pawan Singh sang a song at the launch. The film is a family entertainer.Rajshree Production is distributor of the movie. Pawan Singh, Monalisa, Akshara Singh are the lead stars in the movie.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17700538", "title": "Ukraine firm dupes city businessman of Rs 81L", "text": "INDORE: A city-based businessman was duped of Rs 81 lakh by a Ukraine-based company. After moving home ministry, CBI and Interpol, the businessman lodged a complaint with MIG police on Wednesday night.Four persons have been booked in this connection.Superintendent of Police (East) O P Tripathi said that Ramchandra Saranu is proprietor of Agape Business Corporation and is son of Subhashchandra Bose. He is a resident of Sunshine Apartment, Anup Nagar.In September, the businessman received an order for clothes worth the amount from Limited Liability Company situated in Mriya-K, Ukrian (Europe). In November, he delivered the consignment in two containers.Saranu reportedly approached Union home ministry which in turn forwarded the case to CBI. The investigating agency sought help of Interpol that reportedly told the CBI that there is no FIR lodged in the case so far.After directives from the CBI, Saranu lodged an FIR with MIG police. Acting on his complaint, police have booked Andrey Glukhovskyi, the owner of the company, Natali Sorakina, the shipping agent and mediators Slavc Malanuha and Kelly Hoodikof.The SP said that police have registered a case and booked the accused for criminal breach of trust and forgery", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "17701360", "title": "Somen visits Cong MP's function", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Congress MP Mannan Hossein had a visitor from the Trinamool Congress at his family get together on Thursday.Senior Trinamool MP Somen Mitra attended the last rites of Hossein's mother-in-law Bulu Das, sending ripples in political circles. The visit came a month after Somen Mitra paid a visit to Pradesh Congress leader Abdul Mannan at his Hooghly home following bereavement in his family.The presence of Congress bigwigs like Abdul Mannan, Manas Bhuniya, Mohammed Shohrab and Abu Hena at the programme made political analysts feel that Mitra's visit was more than just a \"courtesy call\". Tongues kept wagging about what is in store particularly after Mitra's wife and Trinamool Congress MLA from Chowringhee was suspended from the party though she is yet to receive the letter.MP Mannan Hossein fanned the speculation by showering praise on Mitra. \"Somen-da is an asset to any party. He is a good organizer, a tiger caught in a cage by his party. If Somen-da joins our party, Congress would become stronger. I believe he would come back to Congress.\"Sitting beside Hossein, Mitra quickly clarified: \"I am neither a tiger nor caught anywhere. Mannan is saying so because he loves and respects me a lot. It will become a problem if you mix up social and political relations. If any relatives of any CPM leaders in my area passes away, I would definitely pay a visit.\"When asked about party's 'Lakshman rekha', Mitra said: \"I do not believe in Lakshman rekhas, but I know my limit and won't cross it ever. I always fulfill my duty assigned by my party.\"On the suspension of his wife, he added: \"Shikha is the right person to answer that. I am not her ambassador. I can speak only after she receives the letter and know the reason of the showcause.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17699579", "title": "Gang-raped girl's will to live leaves doctors amazed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Her sheer will to live has left doctors amazed. Although the victim of Sunday's brutal gang-rape continues to be critical, doctors said she has responded well to the second surgery on Wednesday in which her entire intestine was removed as it had turned gangrenous.Despite the serious injuries and two major surgeries within days of each other, the girl was hanging on tenaciously and even attempting to breathe on her own.\"We have never seen such injuries, especially in a sexual assault case. She has immense fighting spirit,\" said B D Athani, medical superintendent, Safdarjung Hospital.Doctors said her vital parameters like blood pressure, urine output, respiratory rate and pulse were within limits. The only cause for concern was the dip in the white blood cell and platelet count (41,000). \"This indicates an impending danger of infection. Her intestine had turned gangrenous. The next 10 days are going to be critical,'' said M C Misra, chief of AIIMS Trauma Centre, who is assisting doctors at Safdarjung Hospital.The gang-rape victim is conscious and alert, and has been communicating with her family. Her brother told TOI that she asked him to get her three ATM cards blocked. \"I told her we had got the cards blocked. She got a little hassled to see relatives in the hospital. She doesn't want anyone to know what happened to her. We told her no one knows about the incident and that the relatives had been told that she had met with an accident,\" he said.The brother said no one was talking to her about the rape. \"We don't want her to slip into depression. We want her to survive. She is also not talking about the incident,\" he said.On Friday, doctors will try to wean her off ventilator support. She will only be given parenteral nutrition \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that is, nutrition passed into the body intravenously \u00e2\u20ac\u201d through tubes inserted in her abdomen. \"We want to see how she responds to it. There are high chances of infection, so she has been put on prophylactic antibiotics,'' said Dr Athani.Doctors say she would not be able to eat normally again and would have to be fed intravenously.When asked about her prognosis, Dr Misra said, \"At present, the focus is on weaning her off the ventilator and then to take her out of the ICU. We will think about the next steps later.\"Times view : Hive off VIP securityEvery time the Delhi Police is asked why it can't be more effective in basic policing functions despite having around 80,000 personnel, the answer is that much of this apparently large force is permanently occupied in providing VIP security. This might be a convenient excuse, but it isn't entirely without merit.As the national capital, Delhi is not only the seat of Parliament and the Union government but also of the Rashtrapati Bhavan and the Supreme Court. In addition, there are embassies and visiting dignitaries to protect.Given this reality, and the very real threat that terrorism poses in today's world, there is no getting away from the fact that a lot of Delhi Police's time and resources will be devoted to protecting these VIPs. You could argue that many who don't need protection insist on getting it as a status symbol and are able to pull enough strings to ensure that they do get it. But even if we deal with that problem, as we must, VIP security will remain a considerable drain on Delhi Police's resources unless we look at a new way of organising the force.Here's what we believe should be done: carve out a separate VIP security force from the Delhi Police. First, this will mean that what remains will be free to focus on basic policing duties. Second, we will then have a much better idea of how many policemen are being used for VIP security and take a call on whether so many are actually needed. The carved-out force can stay under the Union home ministry, to which the Delhi Police now reports.The main police force, on the other hand, should be handed over to the Delhi government. Today, the government elected by the people of Delhi has no control over the police, which means there is no real accountability to Delhiites for failures of the police.Once the VIP security personnel are hived off into a separate force, we need to take a hard look at whether what is left is enough for policing a city of Delhi's size. If not, its strength must be increased. Never again should we be in a position where those responsible for ensuring our safety are able to say that they simply do not have enough boots on the ground to do the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17702092", "title": "Hassan horror: Battered kid's mom gets bail", "text": "HASSAN: Laxmi, who thrashed her 7-year-old son black and blue for stealing Rs 5, has got anticipatory bail. She and her brother have left the children, Yashas, 7, and Krupa, 4, in the care of their grandmother. Yashas began attending a school in Sakeshpur from Tuesday.Chidanand HC, deputy director, women and child development, Hassan, said that they have deputed a person to study the case. \"The person will meet the family soon and make the necessary arrangements for the kids. The department had written to police to take action against the mother, but she has procured anticipatory bail,\" he added.Grandmother Rajeshwari said that she is unable to take care of both the kids as she is a daily wage worker. \"We are thinking of shifting Yashas to a residential school if the child welfare committee takes him. But so far no one from the department has contacted us, she rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700716", "title": "Woman struck with a chopper by neighbour", "text": "MUMBAI: In yet another attack on women, a 30-year-old homemaker was allegedly struck with a chopper by her neighbour at the Azad Nagar transit camp in Sewri late on Thursday evening. Preeti Jaiswal suffered injuries on her neck and hand after Vilas Chorge (35) attacked her in front of her nine-year-old son.Preeti was on her scooter, ready to drop her son for tuitions, when the incident occurred.The accused also tried to attack her husband, Suresh, when he intervened. A constable caught Chorge and took him to the RAK Marg police station. The accused also slapped the on-duty cop.At 6.15 pm, when Chorge was standing near a roadside coconut vendor in an inebriated condition, he thought that Preeti was trying to run over him with her scooter after she lost her balance.\"The accused and the victim's family had a fight over a petty issue a few months ago. He had taken the matter seriously and it seems to be an act of revenge,\" said additional commissioner of police (central region) Praveen Salunke.Chorge attacked her with a chopper that he got from the coconut vendor. \"My sister and her son were on the scooter when she lost control while trying to enter the main road close to the Sewri bus-stop when a bus came in the same direction. Chorge, who was standing next to the bus-stop, thought that my sister tried to hit him with the scooter to take revenge,\" the victim's brother, Anil Jaiswal, told TOI.KEM hospital said her condition was stable. Her son, who was standing in the front, also suffered bruises.Chorge, who has been booked under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the IPC, will be produced before court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17701614", "title": "Women safety at stake in twin cities of Hubli-Dharwad", "text": "HUBLI: When it comes to safety of women, Hubli-Dharwad cities cut a sorry figure.Startling statistics stand testimony to the worsening state of affairs in the twin cities where on an average, 6-7 rape cases are registered every year. The cases of molestation are on the rise with about 16 to 18 cases being registered in the past three years.According to police department, six rape and 16 molestation cases were registered till date in 2012. Apart from this, cases of women being targeted by miscreants in isolated places, in the outskirts of the city are being reported every now and then. Chain snatching cases have also grown by leaps and bounds with almost every week a case being reported.While one rape case was registered in 2010, the number has gone up to 6 and 7 cases in 2011 and 2012, respectively, throwing enough hints that Hubli is fast becoming unsafe for women.\"Not only metros, but even tier-II cities like Hubli-Dharwad are witnessing increasing cases of rapes and molestation against women,\" says a senior police officer.A woman, working in a bank, attributed the rise in crime rate to increasing influx of migrant population.\"We are scared to go out after 8 pm these days,'' she said.The other forms of crime again women are not far behind. Chain snatching cases are increasing so alarmingly that in the last one year, more than 50 chain snatching cases have been reported. In all cases, lonely women were targeted. \"There were instances of miscreants trying to molest women before snatching away chains,\" police said.Women are also subjected to domestic violence, mainly dowry harassment, in the city. In 2010, 45 dowry harassment cases were registered while it was 56 in 2011. But, there is some respite in 2012 as about 45 cases have been registered so far. Four dowry death cases were reported in 2011.However, most of the parks where a large number of couples, women and college girls visit during their weekends have no safety as women and girls are often subjected to eve-teasing while a handful of police are mute spectators, said a security guard of a park near Unkal.\"We are reviewing security arrangements made for women in vulnerable points like isolated places and parks. We will soon hold a meeting with police to chalk out our plans for safety of women in the district,\" Sameer Shukla, deputy commissioner, Dharwad, told TOI said.T S Appanavar, district protection officer, Dharwad, claimed that child development project officers of the district are working as protection officers for women in taluks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704070", "title": "Hotel brawl: Saif Ali Khan chargesheeted in assault case", "text": "Ten months after Saif Ali Khan allegedly assaulted a South-Africa based businessman Iqbal Mir Sharma and his father-in-law at a luxury hotel in Colaba, the Mumbai Police has filed a charge sheet against the Bollywood actor and his two associates in the case.\"Colaba police station filed the charge sheet against Saif Ali Khan in a metropolitan magistrate court on Thursday,\" Zonal DCP Ravindra Shishwe told PTI today.Saif Ali Khan and his two friends -- Shakeel Ladak and Bilal Amrohi-- have been charge sheeted under section 325 (assault) of IPC. The police have also added the statement of 29 persons in the charge sheet, sources said.Saif and his friends were arrested following a complaint filed by Sharma after the two got into a fight at the Wasabi restaurant in Taj Hotel on February 22. The trio was later released on bail.The 42-year-old actor was accompanied by Kareena Kapoor , her sister Karishma, Malaika Arora Khan, Amrita Arora and some male friends at the Taj when the brawl broke out.According to police, when Mr Sharma protested the raucous chatter of the actor and his friends, Saif allegedly threatened them and subsequently punched Sharma in the nose, fracturing it. The NRI businessman also accused Saif and his friends of hitting his father-in-law Raman Patel.However, Saif Ali Khan had maintained that Mr Sharma made provocative statements or rather used abusive language against women with him and this led to the ruckus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17701391", "title": "Winged guests flock to Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Early risers walking by the famous Hazaribag Lake on Wednesday morning were greeted to the sight of Siberian Ducks (cranes) and other migratory birds from the Himalyas. The lake and the Charowa Dam reservoir are the two hot spots for birdwatchers and tourists. The winged guests usually reach Hazaribag by the end of November or early December, but their arrival this year was delayed owing to to inclement weather and severe fog.This year, about 4,000 birds \u00e2\u20ac\u201dincluding Bar-headed Goose, Brahmni Shelduck, Northern Printel, Common Coot, Gadwall, Tuft Duck, Siberian Crane, Great Crested Goose and Red Crested Pochard among others \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have arrived here and their numbers are far higher than the figures observed over the last few years.Satya Prakash, state coordinator of Indian Birds Network Society attached to the Bombay Natural History Society, visited the two sites along with other environmentalists on Thursday. He said more birds are expected to arrive as the winter reaches its peak in Hazaribag. He, however, expressed concern about their safety from poachers and hunters who kill the birds for their meat.Prakash has decided to launch an awareness programme and install hoardings urging people to protect the birds and not harm them in any way. Asking the district administration to plant more trees to beautify the area and prevent cruelty to the birds, he advised officials to direct the management of the administration's cafetaria to keep vigil over the movements of the poachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "17701509", "title": "Newlywed woman gang-raped in Nawada, missing", "text": "NAWADA: A newlywed woman, missing since Wednesday evening, is said to have been confined in a room in the heart of the town and gang-raped by four persons. Her husband went looking for her along with her photograph and sought people's help in locating her.A man recognized the woman in the photo and said she was seen with a person named Dipu, who was later arrested along with another accomplice, Binod, by the Town police on Thursday evening. The woman, however, is still missing.According to her husband, Devendra Gupta, son of Matlu Gupta, a flour and oil mill owner from Dhobrapar locality, his wife belonged to Kadirganj, 6 km from Town police station. They were married some three months ago.When Gupta went around with the photograph near Sadbhavna Chowk, a man recognized the woman's photo and said that she was seen with Dipu of Dhobrapar locality under Town PS. Gupta informed the police, who eventually arrested Dipu and another accomplice, Binod. Both the arrested persons admitted before the police and the media at the Town PS that they kept the woman in a room on Station Road where she was subjected to rape by four persons. The woman was let off in the morning, they claimed. However, she did not return home. It is learnt that the duo confessed to have confined the woman in the one-room office of a cement carrying and forwarding agent located on Station Road under the Town police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701574", "title": "Toll tax exempted for two-wheelers", "text": "RANCHI: In yet another people-friendly decision the government decided to exempt two-wheelers from paying toll tax for plying on Adityapur toll bridge. With this decision the two wheelers would now be exempted from paying the tax everytime they use the bridge for commutation. The cabinet also gave its consent to constitution of sports academy in the state on public private partnership mode. The ministers expressed willingness to utilize the sports infrastructure in the state by engaging them with the academies, however, the administration and management would be handed over to private parties to ensure that the stadium facilities are maintained properly with the income.Out of the 42 decisions which got approved, nod was also given to urban water distribution scheme for Garhwa district at an estimated cost of Rs 39.85 crore whereas Rs 23.44 crore was approved for drinking water scheme in Jamtara municipality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17693656", "title": "Arya not in Mumbai Police anymore", "text": "Arya, who has already proved himself as a star in K-town is now exploring new terrains in the Malayalam film industry. After starring in Urumi, the actor has now decided to opt out of his Malayalam film Mumbai Police, directed by Rosshan Andrews. Now, Arya has been replaced by Jayasurya.Arya had signed this action-thriller, in which he plays Prithviraj's friend almost a year ago. The filmmaker had even announced that Prithviraj and Arya will be on the posters of the film at the film's muhurat.Arya has four big films in his kitty- Irandam Ulagam, Settai (remake of Delhi Belly ), Raja Rani and Ajith's untitled film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700455", "title": "10 crore gutka haul puts Food and Drug Administration in a spot", "text": "MUMBAI: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which successfully implemented the ban on gutka and pan masala across the state, is having a tough time destroying the seized cache.FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagde reportedly convened a special meeting on Thursday to take stock of the situation. \"We will examine all possibilities and availability of incinerators in the BMC and other municipal corporations across the state and then take a decision,\" he said. \"We seized gutka worth Rs 10 crore across the state. We are unable to destroy it, owing to inadequate facilities in the urban areas,\" a senior FDA official told TOI on Wednesday. \"We can't burn it, as it will result in massive pollution. We can't dump it, since it may be removed and resold in the market again. We are working out a plan for destroying the seized cache,\" he added.According to officials, only Pune FDA personnel were able to destroy gutka packets, since they handed the seized material to the Pune Municipal Corporation for power generation. \"Such a facility exists only in Pune. Either we will have to shift the seized gutka to Pune or draft a new plan for destroy it at regional levels. Transporting it to Pune will be a costly affair,\" he said.After dillydallying for over a decade, the state cabinet on July 12 decided to ban sale, consumption and manufacture of gutka and pan masala in the state. Later, a notification empowering the FDA commissioner and his nominees to seize gutka was issued on July 19. A section of gutka manufacturers approached the Bombay high court, stating that the government's decision was \"bad in law and should be set aside.However, the HC on September 15 upheld the ban. The gutka manufacturers approached the apex court, but so there was no relief given to them and the SC will hear their special leave petition in March 2013. \"After we banned gutka, several states followed suit. After we implemented the ban in letter and spirit, other states too ensured that there was complete ban on gutka in their states too,\" the official said.FDA minister Manohar Naik said, between July 20, 2012 and October 31, 2012, the officials searched 774 premises and seized gutka worth Rs 10.16 crore, while the highest quantity of gutka worth Rs 1.58 crore was seized from Mumbai. We will continue with stringent action against gutka manufacturers,'' Naik said.Gutka banned on July 20, 2012High court upholds ban : September 15, 2012Premises raided : 774Cost of gutka seized : Rs 10.16 croreCost of gutka destroyed : Rs 41.14 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17702126", "title": "Santa Claus sand sculpture to make Christmas unique", "text": "MYSORE: A sand sculpture of Santa Claus will be the star attraction this festive season. India's only woman sand artist M N Gowri has created the 13-foot sculpture of Santa at Infant Jesus Cathedral church here.Sand sculpting, as an art form, has become popular in the recent years, especially in coastal areas. Hundreds of competitions are held all over the world. Now, the sculpture will give Mysoreans a chance to see the art form. The 13-foot tall, 25-foot wide and 25-foot long sculpture will be open to the public from December 22-25 at the church off Hunsur Road.Gowri, assisted by two, has used five lorry loads of sand to create the huge sculpture. The work on the sculpture began a fortnight ago. The president of Infant Jesus Cathedral church wants the statue to add uniqueness to the celebrations. \"This is for the first that the city has come up with a sand sculpture during Christmas,\" said Jaison Androos of IJCC.Gowri, 23, is a graduate in diploma in machine tool technology. She is pursuing final year BFA through KSOU. In her debut show at Suttur Mutt, she sculpted lord Shiva in sand.Her sand art of goddess Durga at Mangalore Dasara and eco-friendly Ganesha in Belguam have received good response. Gowri has sculpted at different exhibitions in Tiruchirapalli, Konark and Orissa. Gowri is now working on another sculpture in Erodu.Speaking on his daughter's art, Nanjundaswamy said wet sand has to be sculpted from top to bottom carefully, as artists cannot go back.\"It took about four days for her to sculpt the image,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "name", "code": "17701323", "title": "Leslie Claudius: Know The Legend", "text": "NAME: Leslie Walter ClaudiusNICKNAME: Bamboo-legged BoyDATE OF BIRTH: March 25, 1927PLACE OF BIRTH: Bilaspur, ChhattisgarhHEIGHT: 5ft 4inchesCLUB: Bengal Nagpur RailwaysINTERNATIONAL RECORD: Figures in the Guinness Book of World Records for maximum number of Olympic medals in hockey (3 gold and 1 silver) along with inside left Udham Singh. Claudius won gold in 1948 London, 1952 Helsinki , 1956 Melbourne and silver in 1960 Rome , where he captained the team. Udham's gold came in 1952, 56 and 1964 Tokyo and silver in Rome.INTERNATIONAL CAPS: 70 (from 1948-60 70 caps.INTERNATIONAL HONOURS: Four Olympics (15 matches with goal against USA in 1956)INDIVIDUAL HONOURS: Padmashri in 1971Leslie was a good football player and played the game before he switched over to hockey. He was a midfielder in the BNR team.He was introduced to the game in 1946 by the gold-medal winning 1936 Olympian ( Berlin ) Dickie Carr who was the captain of BNR. Leslie, who was watching a practice game between the two BNR teams, was asked to join one of the outfits as they were a player short. He played in the Beighton Cup the same year.The first time he played the game, the length of the stick had to be reduced by three inches to suit his height.Made his international debut at the age of 21 at the London Olympics after reportedly played the trials with a broken hand.Ended his international career after Rome. Turned out for Bengal and Calcutta Customs for the next five years.He served as the manager of the Asian Games teams in 1974 and 1978. Was also a national selector.Leslie's son Robert Claudius played in the Buenos Aires World Cup in 1978 before he died in a road accident.Leslie's name was part of the Olympics Legends Map this year. Bushey, one of the 361 tube stations in London, was named after him ahead of the Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17704231", "title": "Rahul wouldn't want to be in an erotic film: Pooja Bhatt", "text": "Actor-filmmaker Pooja Bhatt says there was no question of her brother's presence in the cast of erotic genre film \"Jism 2\", because he prefers action roles over anything else.\"He (Rahul) sees himself as more of a Sunny Deol kind of a person. He is more of an action hero in that capacity,\" said Pooja.\"There were a lot of rumours that Rahul is in Jism 2 , but there was no chance that he would have been in Jism 2 because it is not in his temperament. He is not the kind of guy who would want to be in an erotic film. He is a different kind of a guy,\" she added.Rahul, a fitness trainer, last appeared in TV reality show Bigg Boss 4 .While his family is known to give a good break to newcomers, Pooja says Rahul wants to take his own time to get into showbiz.\"Rahul was offered Kalyug , but earlier the film was titled Blue Film and he didn't like the title. He was very uncomfortable with it,\" said the elder sister, who has helmed movies like Paap and Jism 2.She says Rahul, 30, is closer to their father, veteran filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt.\"Rahul will never do what somebody else will ask him to do. Later, I wanted to make a film with him which was called Mushkil , which my assistant was supposed to direct. He said, 'no I am not ready'. (So,) He is taking his own time which is fair enough,\" added Pooja, who is assured Rahul will do a film only on his own terms.\"He will do a film when it is on his terms and he is in a position to do it. He doesn't depend on his father or me. He is extremely well in his business, and he is self-reliant boy. So let him enjoy the privilege,\" Pooja said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17702147", "title": "Sambalpur tops rape shame in Odisha", "text": "SAMBALPUR: With as many as 14 cases of rape recorded in Sambalpur in the past five months, 12 of the victims minor girls, the district can easily be said to have earned itself the dubious distinction of being the rape capital of the state.Though senior police officers claimed to have put all the rapists behind bars, they expressed helplessness in the face of increase in such incidents, dubbing the trend a social problem due to degradation of society as a whole. \"We cannot say a singular factor is responsible for this. This is a collective responsibly and everyone has a role to play. In the age of the Internet, the young generation is able to access obscene material without much effort, which acts as a stimulant and a trigger for such crimes at a young age,\" said Sambalpur SP Nikhil Kanodia. According to him, in almost all rape cases, the rapist is either a relative or a known person to the victim's family and most rapists are not aware of the consequences of their action when they commit they crime. In some cases, the rapists are seen to suffer from psychiatric disorders, the SP added.\"Take the example of the two incidents of Sambalpur town police and Thelkolei police stations where the victims were seven years and three years old respectively. In both cases, the accused killed the victims as the rapists were mentally sick. In the first case, the accused has already been sentenced to death. The other case is under trial,\" the SP said.Social activists and women's leaders on the other hand said police cannot escape their responsibility by blaming society for the rise in incidents of rape. \"We do understand the changing attitude of the present generation. But police have to be more sensitive and active in executing their responsibility too,\" said activist and social welfare board member Arati Panda. According to her, widespread use of alcohol and drugs in society today has a very bad impact on the young generation.Senior physician and psychiatric Amarish Panda held rising materialism and the availability of easy money among youngsters as factors responsible for a criminal mindset, along with excessive access to the Internet, television and mobile phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17703905", "title": "CWG scam: Delhi court orders framing of charges against Suresh Kalmadi &amp; others", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court today ordered framing of charges against sacked CWG organising committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi and others for offences of forgery, cheating and conspiracy in a games-related graft case.Special CBI Judge Talwant Singh passed the order on framing of charges against Kalmadi, former OC secretary general Lalit Bhanot and nine others for illegally awarding a contract to Swiss firm, Swiss Timing Omega, causing huge loss to the exchequer.The court said \"prima facie\" charges of cheating, forgery, criminal conspiracy and for offences under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act are made out against eight accused persons and three companies.\"Charges under section 120B (criminal conspiracy), 201 (destruction of evidence), 420 (cheating), 467, 468, 471 (relating to forgery), 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC and section 13(1)(d) read with section 13(2) (criminal misconduct by public servants) of the PC Act is ordered to be framed against all the accused,\" the court said.\"Put up for formally framing of charges on January 10 at 10.30am,\" the judge said.The accused have been charge sheeted by the CBI for \"illegally\" awarding a contract to install Timing, Scoring and Results (TSR) system for the 2010 CWG to Swiss Timing at inflated rates causing a loss of over Rs 90 crore to the public exchequer.Besides Kalmadi and Bhanot, the other accused in the case are OC's director general V K Verma, director general (procurement) Surjit Lal, Joint director general (sports) ASV Prasad and treasurer M Jayachandran. They are no more associated with the sporting body.Promoters of two construction companies \u00e2\u20ac\u201d P D Arya and A K Madan of Faridabad-based Gem International and A K Reddy of Hyderabad-based AKR Constructions are also accused in the case. Swiss Timing Omega is also an accused in the case.The CBI had alleged that Kalmadi and others had rejected Spanish firm MSL's much lower bid of Rs 62 crore and awarded the contract to Swiss Timing Omega, causing a loss of over Rs 90 crore to the exchequer.During the arguments on charges, CBI counsel V K Sharma had argued that Kalmadi and others had decided to award the contract for installing the TSR system for the CWG to Swiss Timing even before the firm had bid for it.Sharma had also said that for TSR installation, two bids had been received - one from Swiss Timing and other from MSL Spain, and the same were opened on November 4, 2009 but Kalmadi and Verma had announced in a meeting on October 12, 2009 itself that the contract would be given to Swiss Timing.He had also said Kalmadi had made up his mind in advance to award the contract to the Swiss firm.Kalmadi's counsel, however, had argued that the facts given in the CBI's charge sheet were contrary to the documents which the agency had filed in the court.Kalmadi had told the court that he was only doing the work assigned to him as the OC chairman and nothing wrong was done by him in the entire process.The counsel appearing for other accused had also opposed the allegations levelled against them by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17702005", "title": "Parts of Mysore to face power disruption today", "text": "MYSORE: Parts of Mysore will face disruption in power supply from 10am to 5pm on Friday. In a release, Chamundeshwari Electricity Supply Company has attributed the disruption to maintenance work at Vijayanagar sub-division.The affected areas: those near Gokulam Hasukaru Park, Gokulam Main Road, Rama Mandira, Gokulam Park Road, police station and Vikrant Housing Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17701061", "title": "St Mary\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Orthodox School celebrates annual function", "text": "KANPUR: St Mary's Orthodox School, Kanpur celebrated its annual function 2012 'Menorah' on Thursday.Chief Guest for the occasion was Director, Defence materials and stores research and development, Kanpur, Dr Arvind Kumar Saxena. He was warmly welcomed by chairman, Father Shaji George, principal, Sadhana Pandey, vice principal, Manjulata and members of managing committee followed by NCC cadets and school band.The title of the programme was Menorah-the lamp of wisdom, enlighment which removes the darkness from the soul.Function started with a welcome song sung by school choir and lighting of the ceremonial lamp followed by Ganesh Stuti. The tiny tots presented colourful dances. Students also presented a puppet dance of Rajasthan. Further, the programme was followed by the folk dances of Gujarat and Punjab.English play, Gurudakshina was also presented by the school students. The annual report of the school was presented by the principal. Chief guest distributed the mementoes, prizes, and shields to the winning house captains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700237", "title": "Patil stars as Western Railway make final", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway 'A' led by Dhiren Salvi entered the final of the Times Shield 'B' Division Cricket tournament defeating Serco Global by 7 wickets half an hour before tea on the third and final day of their semifinal at the Mahalaxmi ground on Thursday.Serco, 158 for 6 overnight, added another 39 runs before being dismissed. The seventh wicket pair of Brijesh Pujari (71) and Neil Natrvekar (68) put on 132 runs.Left-arm-spinner Atish Walinjkar was the most successful bowler with 3-59 while Rahul Thakur, Dhiren Salvi and K Gohel took two wickets each.Western Railway achieved the target of 173 runs in 39.4 overs with seven wickets to spare. Opener Prasad Patil was the star scoring 87 off 104 balls with two sixes and nine fours.Brief Scores: Serco Global 237 &amp; 197 lost to Western Railway 'A' 265 &amp; 173-3 (Prasad Patil 87, Rohan Srivastav 37 no.).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699982", "title": "Nine Bangladeshi dance bar girls sent back home: Minister", "text": "NAGPUR: State woman and child welfare minister Varsha Gaikwad told the legislative council on Thursday that 56 bar dancers, who were sent to rehabilitation centre in Chembur, were Bangladeshis and were being sent back to their country.Replying to a question raised by MLC Vinayak Mete, Gaikwad said so far nine women had been sent back while the police was completing the formalities required by the Bangladeshi embassy to send the remaining ones back too.The minister admitted that 17 women had fled from the centre in September and only two could be traced and brought back while 36 women had fled on October 27 but only 13 could be brought back. \"We have improved the facilities at the hostel and action has been taken against officials and employees guilty of negligence,\" said the minister.Later, labour minister Hasan Mushrif told the house that he had written a letter to the Centre urging it to conduct a CBI inquiry against insurance companies which had duped the state government. Replying to a query by MLC Mohan Joshi, he said, \"It came to my notice that these companies had not paid total claims worth Rs59.27 crore to the government against treatment of members of BPL families insured under National Health Insurance Scheme ( NHIS ).\"Mushrif further said logically the scheme should be implemented by the public health department. \"I have asked the department several times to take over the scheme but to no avail. The labour department had implemented the scheme as the Centre had disbursed the funds. I will urge chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to personally intervene in the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "17699641", "title": "Kakatiya festival begins today", "text": "WARANGAL: The three-day Kakatiya Festival will begin on Friday. Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy will inaugurate the festival at Warangal Fort. Kuchipudi dancers Radha, Raja Reddy will give a performance at the fort.Kiran Kumar Reddy will dedicate the Bommakuru reservoir at Narmetta mandal under the phase-II of Devadula project, before inaugurating the Kakatiya Festival. Many developmental works will also be kick-started at Hanamkonda. The CM will unveil the statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel at Venkatrama junction in Warangal town.On Saturday, industries minister J Geetha Reddy will inaugurate the festival at the Ramappa temple at Palampet village of Venktapur mandal. On Dec 23, Chennai governor K Rosaiah and deputy chief minister Damodara Rajanarsimha will participate in the programmes at the Thousand Pillar temple at Hanamkonda.Speaking to the media, IT minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah said there was no limit on the budget for conducting the year-long Kakatiya Festival.The district administration has made elaborate arrangements for the festival at Ramappa temple and the district headquarters. There is also increased police presence on account of the celebrations for security reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17701321", "title": "Even police face sexual harassment", "text": "RANCHI: It is not only common women who feel unsafe while hanging out in the city or travelling for work, women police constables on duty too seem to bear the brunt of ill-behaviour from men in the city.A week ago, an auto driver misbehaved with a woman constable at Lalpur Chowk when she asked him to move his auto to the sides of the road since it was creating a traffic congestion. In return, the auto driver snatched her baton and cap while abusing her. Also, almost a month ago another woman constable was abused by a shopkeeper near Bihar Club at Kutchery Road, where she was deployed.In both the cases, the culprits have been arrested but these incidents leave an unwanted fear in the minds of the women in the city. All the more, since, woman constables too are not spared.One of the woman constables deployed near Shaheed Chowk, said: \"Whenever I ask any boy or man not to drive rashly they start shouting at me. I have faced such problems in the past, so now I don't talk to any passerby unless a male police constable is around.\"Not just woman police constables but even woman traffic constables go through similar hassles. One of the woman traffic constables said, \"Whenever I stop a violator he uses abusive language and at times gets really harsh. It becomes difficult to handle them especially at night.\"She added, \"They say 'you are a woman and you are trying to dictate terms?' At times they even try to frighten us by threatening us with 'I will see you later when you are alone'.\"Former officer-in-charge of Women's Police Station Shila Toppo, who is currently posted at Kotwali Police Station said, \"Men have ego problems when a woman constable tells them to do something. They think that men are superior and a woman does not have the right to tell them anything, no matter what post she holds.\"She added, \"Immediate action is taken whenever we get complaints of misbehaviour with women constables and the culprit is arrested but the mindset of the society has to change to put a stop to such incidents.\"Some women constables also patrol the city late at night. Despite having a senior officer with them, these women do not feel safe during night. One of the woman constables said, \"During the day, at least the city is crowded while at night after 11 pm, the roads are deserted and most of the time drunk people pass by driving rashly and shouting at the top of their voices.\"She added, \"No one misbehaved with me at night till now but it is still scary. I prefer moving in a group to avoid any untoward incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17702143", "title": "Kalabhavan theatre attached following compensation suit", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The renovated Kalabhavan Theatre Complex and adjoining land housing the office of the Kerala State Film Development Corporation has been attached by the additional sub-court II here.The attachment order came on December 14 following a petition filed by city resident Mohammed Ibrahim over the corporation's failure in providing compensation in lieu of land taken over from him for setting up the Chithranjali studio complex decades ago.Though a court order had awarded Rs 73,71,528 to the petitioner who had to hand over more than an acre of land to the corporation, the amount was not handed over to him.The court officials had to paste the possession notice issued by the court on the walls of the Kalabhavan theatre after the corporation authorities refused to accept it. Though the order was issued on December 14, the final day of this year's International Film Festival of Kerala, the notice was pasted on the Kalabhavan building wall only the next day. As per the order, the Kalabhavan complex at Vazhuthacaud and around 45 cents were taken over by the court and any modifications on the property can be carried out only after the corporation deposits the amount due to the petitioner at the court.It was after a protracted legal battle the high court issued an order in favour of the petitioner in 2006. However, the amount due to him was not released by the corporation. The property was attached as per EA 693/2012 on 13/12/2012 filed by advocates S Chandrasekharan Nair, Arshad Mohammed and Ali Nafiyudeen.However, the corporation authorities sought to play down the development. \"Nobody has taken over Kalabhavan. Of course there are some legal issues and our advocates are exploring legal options to face the situation,\" managing director of the corporation Deepa D Nair said.According to legal sources, the possession by the court doesn't stop the corporation from running the Kalabhavan theatre for the time being. The attachment occurred at a time when Kalabhavan was gearing up to become a releasing centre after four years. However, if KSFDC fails to deposit the compensation amount within two months, auction proceedings can be initiated to recoup the debt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17701408", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLTTE training, police ammo strengthened Reds\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: A new book offers fresh insights into the way the Maoists built their military prowess, starting with special training by the LTTE. Their first-ever professional military camp was held in the forests of Bastar in 1987, where they were trained by an LTTE leader named Suresh. Among those trained was Ganapathy, currently the man at the helm of CPI Maoist. \"The Indian army had trained Suresh at the Indian military academy in Dehradun while he was in the LTTE. Now, it was his turn to teach the Maoists to fight the Indian security forces. What goes around comes around,\" writes Shubhranshu Choudhary, a former BBC journalist, in his book 'Let's Call Him Vasu'.The book is based on Choudhary's forays in the jungles of Dandakaranya, the region at the tri-junction of Chhattisgarh , Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh , where he met and interviewed dozens of Maoists including some of the senior-most figures in the rebel movement.A Maoist leader told Choudhary that they bought their first AK-47 assault rifle in 1987. But as prices rose in the international arms market from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 5 lakh per gun, they found they could no longer afford to buy weapons and they switched to manufacturing their own arms. \"Now, we purchase only 5 per cent of our arms; around 15 per cent is looted from the police, and we make 80 per cent ourselves,\" says Rajanna, identified as the man in-charge of the arms division of the CPI Maoist.But the Maoists do not manufacture automatic weapons. They were in the process of making and testing .303 rifles, sten guns and rocket launchers when their factories in Bhopal and Rourkela were busted. However, they still have the ability to put together a formidable arsenal: single-shot rifles, improvised cannons, bombs and army-range grenades.As for the source of ammunition supply, Rajanna tells Choudhary it is none other than the police. \"The police are very greedy, and such deals take place in every police station in India. Policemen at all levels, from the lowest ranks through the top, are involved,\" he says. Rajanna also ruled out the possibility of peace talks with the government since the last Maoist Congress in 2007 had rejected it and only a fresh Congress can approve it.Unlike Nepal, where every guerilla fighter earns 100 rupees a month, in India, Maoists cadres do not earn salaries. But CPI Maoist takes care of their basic needs by supplying clothes, soap, oil, by spending an average of 450 rupees a month per fighter. While adivasis have risen to lead military companies in Dandakaranya - eleven of the twelve company commanders in the zone are adivasis - the political decision-making remains in the hands of the leaders from Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701907", "title": "Expansion of MC building to begin soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The much awaited project of the expansion of municipal corporation's existing building will begin in the coming ten to fifteen days, as a city based company has been selected following the completion of the tender process on Wednesday. The company will execute the project at a cost of around Rs 8 crore, extending the buildings present two floors to six.The matter of expansion of the MC's building was passed by the MC's general house around six months ago.Confirming the development, Vishal Gupta, executive engineer of MC's road wing said, \"The company has been selected following completion of the tender process and the work of the project will begin very soon. This is one of the prestigious projects for which the paper work and brainstorming was being done since the last around one year.\"The main drawings of the project were prepared by the UT's architecture wing with the MC's help and later these were handed over to the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation. The expenditure on the project would be borne by the MC and it would also undertake the rest of the work like planning. The corporation has paid the architecture wing for the work done by it.The matter concerning the expansion of the MC building has been pending since the last five years and the issue was expedited after the transfer of two prominent departments - primary health and primary education - from the Chandigarh administration to the MC and the need for housing the officials of these departments.The present premises hasn't much space to house them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17701964", "title": "House domestic help in servant\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s quarter: UT", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If your house measures one kanal and above, you would have to earmark a separate area as servant's quarters. The draft master plan of the UT has made this clause mandatory for bigger residential plots to check the expansion of slums in the city.\"The administration has made concerted efforts to make Chandigarh slum free and many rehabilitation colonies have been developed for the purpose. However, this needs to be reinforced with public participation,\" reads the draft.\"The administration is in the process of making it mandatory for all one kanal and above houses where families that have domestic help will make provision of servant quarters within the premises. This will help safeguard against further slums and also make it convenient for servants,\" it adds.As of now, a large number of maids and babysitters travel to different parts of the city from colony number 5 and Jagatpura, which fall on the city's boundary with Mohali.Two years ago, the administration made it mandatory for one kanal and bigger houses to get solar water heating systems installed. However, there has been little enforcement of the rule so far.\"All houses located on one kanal will make provisions for solar water heating system with a capacity of at least 100 liters and double the capacity if the plot is of two kanals. Existing houses will provide these facilities within two years from the date of notification of these orders,\" adds the draft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17699519", "title": "Will BSY be Karnataka's Keshubhai?", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP in Karnataka has more than one reason to rejoice over the Gujarat assembly results.The obvious reason is Narendra Modi's hat-trick but more importantly, it's hoping that fence-sitters looking up to BS Yeddyurappa will learn a lesson from the drubbing of former Gujarat BJP strongman Keshubhai Patel .With Patel's Gujarat Parivarthan Party (GPP) decimated by Modi, the big question in Karnataka politics is, \"Will Yeddyurappa's Karnataka Janata Party go the Patel way?\"Though it's too early to write off KJP, the state BJP maintains the result would be similar to the GPP debacle. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar, who has been criticizing Yeddyurappa in recent times, was quick to take on the KJP.\"Gujarat has proved there's no place for regional parties. Congress, not GPP, was Modi's opponent. The situation will be no different in Karnataka. BJP will be facing only the Congress in the assembly polls; regional parties don't matter,\" Shettar taunted Yedduyurappa.Modi's victory has complicated life for fence-sitters and Yeddyurappa's followers. Though most ministers are said to support Yeddyurappa, they haven't yet decided on their future.Of the 14 MLAs who shared the dais with Yeddyurappa at the Haveri convention where the party was launched, five expressed their willingness to go back to the party. Battered with corruption cases and infighting, BJP is heavily banking on Modi's magic to strengthen the party here.Shettar's predecessor DV Sadananda Gowda in Hassan said KJP will be routed in the elections. \"Those who played caste politics may not get seats,\" he said pointing to Yeddyurappa.Yeddyurappa hit back saying it was due to his personal charisma that Modi scored a hatrick. According to him, the BJP was losing its strength across the country and the poll outcome of Himachal Pradesh was proof of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17701158", "title": "Crowded cites still have hope: Experts", "text": "AURANGABAD: Delhi, Chennai, Hyderabad and other overcrowded cities, that are overexploiting groundwater, may face a severe water scarcity in the near future but would not go dry, said experts on the third day of the fifth international conference on groundwater being held in the city.Ashok Keshari, professor at Indian Institute of Technology New Delhi, said half of Delhi was situated on sedimentary rock that had the capacity to recharge groundwater fast. \"In some parts, groundwater levels were at 5-7 m from the surface while in some areas it has crossed 45 m mark. The overall situation was alarming but not beyond repair. If the exploitation continues, these important cities may not see a fall in population after 60-70 years,\" he said.\"However, we are lifting groundwater from the dynamic zone and the static zone is untouched,\" he said. Water in the dynamic zone could be recharged by implementing preventive measures. Nevertheless, he said Delhi's water needs were going up by 40 % every year and conservation of water was a must.Chennai was already implementing rainwater harvesting effectively and the recharge was being done to a large extent, the experts said. \"These measures will maintain groundwater level and the city would not face a problem in the near future,\" Keshari said.Suggesting measures for Marathwada region, Keshari said authorities should undertake 'hydraulic fracturing' and create vertical holes for water percolation. Under the method, deep holes are dug on the surface that allows rain water to go in. This arrests runoff of rain water and increases groundwater level.Regional director of Groundwater Survey and Development Agency of Maharashtra Irfan Shah said groundwater levels in Marathwada had registered a dip of more than three m in four districts of Aurangabad, Jalna, Beed and Osmanabad.Urban masses were using more water than rural people and hence urban population was depleting groundwater. \"Rural people make use of only 40 l of water per person every day against urban people who utilise more than 200 l per day,\" he said.Other experts said poor waste water treatment in big cities was contaminating groundwater. They urged the authorities to take preventive measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17700807", "title": "Regional Transport Office pushes for pre-paid autorickshaw service in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The Regional Transport Office (RTO), Nashik is making efforts to start pre-paid autorickshaw service in the city, in a bid to ensure that autorickshaw passengers are not cheated.Regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal said that talks were underway on the issue with various government agencies including the railways and the police. Since no organization had come forward to operate the booths for pre-paid autorickshaw service, talks were also underway with a group of ex-servicemen to undertake the task, he added.The introduction of pre-paid autorickshaw service in Nashik is pending for many years. Considering that the city bus service, operated by the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC), does not reach all areas of the city, passengers arriving at the Nashik road railway station, Central bus stand, Thakker bazaar bus stand and various other stands and depots have no choice but to opt for autorickshaws. However, in view of the rising complaints of passengers getting cheated at the hands of autorickshaw drivers, RTO is looking at pre-paid autorickshaw service as a feasible alternate option.Kharatmal said that the pre-paid service booths could be handled by a government agency, an NGO or a social organization. While the police are available at the railway station and important bus stands, their main aim is to regularize the vehicular traffic, and therefore, talks are underway with ex-servicemen for operating the booths.RTO officials said that while Nashik is being compared with cities like Mumbai and Pune, the city lacks some basic infrastructure and services, and pre-paid autorickshaw service is one such essential service that is needed in the city in view of the ensuing Simhastha Kumbha mela in 2015, when a large number of pilgrims and tourists arrive in Nashik.If the pre-paid service gets operational at the Nashik road railway station and other important bus stands, it will help reduce the incidences of passengers getting cheated by autorickshaw drivers and will thereby bring down the pressure on the RTO and the police department.Though Kharatmal did not inform about the time by which the facility would be operational in the city, he said that sincere attempts were being made to start it at the earliest. Talks were also underway with the autorickshaw drivers' unions, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17701851", "title": "Four-day drama fest starts from Saturday", "text": "MANGALORE: A veritable cultural feast awaits drama lovers as the four-day 'Dakshina Kannada Zilla Natakotsava' organized by Karnataka Nataka Academy, Bangalore; Rangayana, Shimoga, and Rangamane Cultural Art Centre, Sullia gets under way at Rangamane in Sullia near here from Saturday. Leading artists from professional and amateur drama troupes from across the state will showcase their drama talent at this drama festival.The festival lined up include Sadananda Suvarna's 'Male Nilluvavarege', Sasivehalli Sathish's 'Ondu Bogase Neeru', Veeresh Davangere's 'Sevanthi Prasanga', and Mandya Ramesh's 'Janapada Jattapati'. Likewise, Kota Shivaram Karnath's 'Devana Jala' directed by IK Boluwaru too is expected to regale the discerning audience.Dramas apart, audience will also be exposed to nuances of theatre like make up and singing of stage songs.Sheena Nadoli, member of the academy told reporters here on Thursday that the readymade facilities at Rangamane in Sullia was one of the prime drivers for the academy to take the drama festival to Sullia.\"Non availability of the Town Hall here on our dates too played its role,\" Nadoli said, adding that the academy is interested in holding a similar drama festival for the people of Mangalore at a later date by inviting other drama troupes.HN Sathya, director, Rangayana will inaugurate the drama festival and Malathi Sudhir, the academy president will preside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "17702305", "title": "Bank strike has little impact in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: Banking services were partially affected in the state as three major unions of bank employees struck work as part of their nationwide protest against Banking Laws (Amendment) Bill.There was no major impact because branches of State Bank of India , having major market share in the state, and many private banks remained open. ATMs also saved customers from facing inconvenience in cash transactions. \"I did not even know there was a strike,\" said Animesh Rout, who was standing in a queue to withdraw money from an ATM near Sriya Square.The agitating employees, however, described the response to the strike as very good. \"Transaction worth Rs 2,000 crore was affected due to the day-long agitation,\" said vice-president of All India Bank Employees' Association (AIBEA), state branch, Sanjib Pati.Sources said more than 15,000 employees and officers struck work across the state while around 2,000 bank branches remained closed. Hundreds of bank employees gathered in front of the Uco Bank in Bhubaneswar to protest.Besides AIBEA, All India Bank Officers Association and Bank Employees Federation of India members boycotted office. \"The Bill will enable easy merger of banks, increased voting rights to private capital in banks, which is completely unfair,\" alleged B K Mohanty, a member of the bank employees' union in Cuttack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17701407", "title": "Special kids fly on 'Wings of Love'", "text": "KOCHI: Even in her many flights of fantasy, Varsha had never dreamt of celebrating her birthday in the clouds. But on Thursday, Varsha, a fifth standard student and inmate of Ananda Nilayam orphanage in Thiruvananthapuram, celebrated her 11th birthday onboard Air India's special flight bound for Kanyakumari. Making it still more special, actors such as Suresh Krishna and Sajan Palluruthy and footballer I M Vijayan presented her with cakes and chocolates to mark the special day.It was indeed a special flight for around 300-plus special children from different parts of the state, including a dozen children suffering from cancer and 15 from Wayanad's tribal colonies. All of them enjoyed their maiden flight as Air India and Rotary Club of Cochin West and Rotary Club of Cochin Airport organized 'Wings of Love', a special flight from Kochi to Kanyakumari for special children.At 11.30am, AI 2012, a jumbo 747-400 aircraft of Air India, took off from the airport. Swathy Krishna, a plus-two student who has been in news as the girl who got her life back with a transplanted liver, recited excerpts from 'Saphalamee Yathra' by N N Kakkad. She was accompanied by Rainy Joy, her aunt and her liver donor. The recitation was followed by Kathaprasangam by Sheba, an inmate of Grace Mercy Home, Kattapana.As the flight hovered over the confluence of Arabian Sea and Indian Ocean, the children competed with each other to catch a glimpse of the scene below. The aircraft flew low, the Vivekananda rock 'surfaced' as if by a wave of magician's wand. Earlier, magician K N Kutty picked flowers from thin air much to the delight of the children. Suresh Krishna, Sajan Palluruthy and I M Vijayan, accompanied by his wife, chatted with kids and distributed sweets.At 1.15pm, bringing curtains down on the celebrations, the announcement came. As the flight taxied, it was the turn of the crew to distribute sweets. The children later had a photo session with celebrities and officials, including Harpreet A D Singh, head, CSR, Air India; captain of the flight Manoj Mathur and first officer captain A M Palkhiwala.The programme organized by Air India as part of their corporate social responsibility was supported by two Rotary clubs. The fuel for the trip which came to around Rs 22 lakh was borne jointly by IOC, BPCL and HPCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17700536", "title": "IIT-K entrepreneurship drive", "text": "INDORE: Entrepreneurship Awareness Drive of IIT-Kharagpur, a pan-India initiative to spread entrepreneurship in 20 cities across the country, culminated on Wednesday here in city.The drive witnessed participation from famous personalities like Phanindra Sama- CEO of Redbus; Arjun Malhotra- co founder of HCL Technologies , Sandip Tarkas-president and CEO of Future Group. Shrestha Mundra, a student of IIT-K said, \"This is an initiative of entrepreneurship cell of the institute. Now, the E-cell is gearing up to organize Global Entrepreneurship Summit from January 11 to 13.\"Entrepreneurship cell of IIT Kharagpur aims to educate every member of India's collegiate fraternity on entrepreneurship as a possible way of life, and to provide support to all those who choose this path. The Global Entrepreneurship Summit, with its varied content and participation, will prove to be the ultimate stage for propagating this cause. Participants should register at www.ecell-iitkgp.org for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17699640", "title": "Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation refuses to act against guilty contractor", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) has admitted in an affidavit filed before high court here that the work of left bank canal (LBC) of Gosikhurd project was of very poor quality and the contractor BJP MLC Mitesh Bangadia had been asked to do the relining afresh.A consumer organization Jan Manch had filed a public interest litigation (PIL) alleging massive irregularities in VIDC. In the first hearing on October 5, HC had given six weeks to VIDC to file its reply. However, the agency filed it a month late. The next hearing will be on Friday. Jan Manch had alleged in the petition that VIDC was deliberately not taking action against Bangadia. The lining of the canal had come unstuck. VIDC in its reply stated that the contractor was relining the canal at his own cost. However, if action was taken Bangadia would refuse to do the job and approach the courts.The agency denied all other allegations leveled by Jan Manch and stated that the cost escalation of the irrigation projects was due to increase in cost of land acquisition, raw materials, increased compensation to project affected persons (PAPs). The project cost had also increased due to delays that for which VIDC was not responsible. These included time taken for getting forest clearance, agitation by PAPs due to which work had to be stopped or could not start as per schedule, etc.As for increasing cost of 38 projects in seven months, VIDC stated that the cost of these projects had not been revised since years and hence the sum looked so big. Jan Manch had moved HC in September demanding a judicial probe or CBI enquiry into the alleged irregularities committed by VIDC. The petition specifically mentions the Gosikhurd national irrigation project in Bhandara district, which is funded by the Centre.VIDC escalated the cost of 38 irrigation projects by a whopping Rs 20,050 crore in seven months in 2009. Moreover, tenders worth Rs 11,126 crore cleared by VIDC did not bear the signature of the state water resources department secretary, who is ex-officio managing director of the agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700495", "title": "Sonia makes a point on promotion quota bill, LK Advani denied say", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's firm insistence that the quota in promotions bill be considered on Thursday led to repeated adjournments in the Lok Sabha as the opposition's expectations that House proceedings will end by noon did not materialize.Determined to signal Congress's commitment to the bill, Sonia stayed put in the Lok Sabha through the day, her front row seat a focus for animated discussions involving senior ministers and MPs. She made it plain that the party must press for the bill's passage.Even during breaks in proceedings, the Congress chief was seen in the Central Hall of Parliament with a retinue of MPs as her refusal to give the green signal to Congress floor managers meant the House kept meeting at short intervals amid protests by Samajwadi Party and BJP MPs.Sonia seemed to have anticipated BSP leader Mayawati's charge that the government had engaged in a farce. \"If the government wanted to get the bill passed, it could have,\" Mayawati alleged. The BSP chief even came to the Lok Sabha visitors' gallery to watch the House.With BJP MPs also entering the well later in the day, Congress was quick to point out that the main Opposition's support for the bill is insincere. BJP MPs feel their stance was politically beneficial, but some wondered if the party that banks on upper caste support could translate it into votes.Sonia's tough stance saw BJP veteran L K Advani being denied an opportunity to make an intervention. Advani rose to make a point with a copy of the Constitution in hand as Congress's dalit leader P L Punia was speaking.Punia refused to yield and no senior minister intervened as Congress MPs clearly sensed Sonia's unyielding mood. This led to the open revolt against the bill among BJP MPs - blessed by senior leaders - spilling into the well of the House.An incensed Advani made no secret of his displeasure to science and technology minister Jaipal Reddy who had walked across to the saffron front row.Parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath had earlier spoken to leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj who suggested proceedings be adjourned after SP members trooped into the well. A meeting with Nath and home minister Sushilkumar Shinde in Speaker Meira Kumar's chamber on Wednesday had yielded an understanding that the Lok Sabha will be adjourned sine die a little after noon on Thursday, said BJP sources.BJP MPs entry into the well allegedly in protest against Advani not being allowed to speak marks a virtual about turn in the party's position as compared to the Rajya Sabha where the leader of Opposition Arun Jaitley worked out a compromise with the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17702873", "title": "Should never have married: Kamal Hassan", "text": "Kamal Haasan talks about his tumultuous personal life and the challenge of releasing Vishwaroopam on satellite TV a day before its theatrical releaseWhere has your conflict with multiplexes over the proposed DTH (direct -to-home) premiere of Vishwaroopam reached? We have booked theatres in the South, but a section there is still opposed to it. In Mumbai, PVR was supportive enough initially but suddenly, they backed out. Subsequently, I tried convincing them but they have not relented.Is DTH just a way to play safe in a low satellite market? No. Let me tell you that unlike in Mumbai, satellite rights have risen in Tamil Nadu. I had my regular takers with substantial money but profits would have been meagre. DTH ensures greater profit. Some exhibitors claimed I am driven by greed but I prefer to call it 'opportunity'. Asked what I would do with the money, I said I would plough back in theatres. They are needlessly worried. Seeing a film in a theatre is a cultural habit in India, it will never go away.How did Vishwaroopam shape up? PVP was supposed to produce Vishwaroopam but the canvas kept widening. They were kind enough to become the financers while I took over production. I got a cameraman who would work on digital cinema, an AD from the US, an art director from Vietnam , and stuntmen from Thailand and the US. It wasn't an easy film to make. We didn't shoot in Afghanistan since we were advised it would be unsafe. We thought of going to Kazakhstan but the people there were not film savvy. Eventually, we recreated Afghanistan in Chennai. Also, we dropped the idea of casting big stars like Sonakshi Sinha among others. We wanted the money to show in the film and not in its posters.So you dropped her from the film? Everything was amicable. We explained it to her. Shatrughan is like an elder brother.You did films like Saagar, Sadma, Sanam Teri Kasam... and then you left Mumbai... At the time of Saagar, I had done 109 films. Had I hung around here, I wouldn't have completed 215 till date.Weren't you supposed to do a film with Barry Osborne? That will happen but after I complete Vishwaroopam 2 . I've even completed ten days shooting for it. Osborne is also helping me premiere Vishwaroopam in Los Angeles.Tell us about your daughters Shruti and Akshara. Shruti is travelling more than I ever did. She has become very busy. However, her Ek Duuje Ke Liye is yet to come. Akshara is learning how to dance. They stay with their mother (Sarika).Are you in touch with Sarika and Vani? No. The parting wasn't smooth in either case. I was too much in love for an amicable settlement. I am sure it wasn't easy for my wives either. Marriage is not a film you can forget if it flops. I felt scarred.Did you see the break-ups coming? I saw them coming. Sarika and I were married for 17 years. And I knew the marriage wouldn't last 12 years before we parted ways. Although we kept pulling on. I thought it would affect the children. I waited for them to come of age.Both your marriages didn't succeed. Do you think you should've married at all? I never believed in marriage. People marry because of peer pressure but I don't subscribe to the 'herd mentality'. I shouldn't have married. I married for the convenience of my women. Vani wouldn't live-in and I wasn't strong enough to put my foot down. And the society was such that Sarika and I couldn't book a hotel room together even after we had two daughters.Didn't Gouthami pressure you to marry her? Never. She is very different. She is a very progressive lady, and not just to please me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17700743", "title": "Regional transport office, cops begin crackdown on vehicles flouting norms", "text": "NOIDA: In an attempt to make buses safer for women , Gautam Budh Nagar police have cracked down on all vehicles not adhering to norms announced after the brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old in Delhi. Around 52 vehicles were prosecuted by traffic police and RTO officials on Thursday.On Wednesday, traffic cops had seized a contract bus ferrying a Noida company's personnel near Sector 37 after the driver was found under the influence of alcohol. \"We have impounded the bus and taken the driver into custody,\" said a police officer.On Thursday, 52 vehicles, including 19 buses, auto rickshaws and maxi cabs were challaned. \"Besides black films, many of these vehicles were plying without licenses, permits and fitness certificates,\" said Rajesh Singh, RTO enforcement wing.Traffic police said besides curtains and dark films, vehicle papers, bus staff and passengers will also be scrutinized thoroughly. \"Our personnel will be posted at several crossings with a special focus on city areas,\" said Dharmender Singh Yadav, traffic inspector, Noida.Police have decided to intensify their drive from Friday as 728 motorists have been fined for using black films in their vehicles in November alone despite a Supreme Court directive.Meanwhile, the Regional Transport Office of the district has also launched a drive for checking permits of buses. \"If any bus is found to be operating without a permit, strict penal action will follow and the vehicle could also be seized. We are also checking if any vehicle is travelling off its route. These buses will be stopped and drivers questioned. If we do not get satisfactory answers, we will take swift action,\" said the assistant RTO.Details about private bus drivers hired by schools will also be collected. A meeting for this has been called on Monday. Vehicles run by \"unverified staff\" would be impounded,\" said MP Singh, SP (Traffic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17701571", "title": "'Explosives come to us from cops through middle men'", "text": "RAIPUR: There is a systematic story of how chief minister Raman Singh requested the then leader of the opposition, Mahendra Karma (Congress), to start Salwa Judum and how the officials in the forest department directed the contractors in selected areas to not bid for tendu leaf contracts, where Salwa Judum was to be expanded the following year. In the same areas, the following year, after Salwa Judum had taken off, the tendu trade normalised.Choudhary also quotes some Maoist leaders as having said that Binayak Sen was a courier of the Naxals and Rs 50,000 was sent to him for providing legal support to senior Naxal leader Narayan Sanyal. The book mentions the then chief of the Naxals in Odisha accepting having sent the money to Sen. It also mentions that Sen's criticism of violence after he was released from the jail surprised some of the Naxals.The author further writes about the framework of the Naxal movement and the economical and military organisation in detail. Quoting senior Naxal leader Kosa, he says that in 2002, the budget of CPI (Maoist) exceeded a crore and by 2010-11, it rose to Rs 10-12 crore. \"Tendu patta yields Rs 5-7 crore for us. We spend Rs 2-3 crore in Dandakaranya.\"One leader Rajanna is quoted to have said that the Naxals in Dandakaranaya acquired their first AK-47 in 1987. At that time it cost a lakh and a half.\"Explosives come to us from the police through middle men. Deals are struck at every police station. Many policemen, from top to bottom, are involved. Anyway, no one makes bullets for AK-47 in India. Only government can import them. We only purchase a quarter of our needs. The rest are looted from the police,\" the book quotes Rajanna as saying.According to him, a majority of Adivasis are turning to the Maoists because no one else is able to communicate with them. \"Much needs to be done to solve this problem. We need to bring justice to the table. But first, communication, which is my area of expertise, needs to be democratised. We must create platforms where people can be heard,\" he suggests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17703624", "title": "We fell 10-15 runs short: Eoin Morgan", "text": "MUMBAI: England Twenty20 captain Eoin Morgan conceded that his side fell short by 10-15 runs after getting off to a blistering start in the lost opening Twenty20 International against India in Pune.\"We got off to a fantastic start -- Alex (Hales) and Luke (Wright) really came together as a pair -- but from there we didn't really kick on,\" said Morgan.\"We lost wickets continuously which halted our momentum and didn't do us any favours. The total we did creep up to was probably about 10 or 15 short of par,\" said Morgan who is standing in for the injured regular skipper Stuart Broad who has returned home.Morgan praised the whirlwind 56 scored by Hales, off just 30 balls with seven fours and two sixes and his stand of 68 runs in quick time with Wright (34) before India's Yuvraj Singh , later named the man of the match, halted his side's progress with a three-wicket haul in 10 balls.Yuvraj's victims included the second-wicket pair and Morgan himself as England fell off from 89 for 2 to be contained to 157 for 6.Later, Yuvraj smashed 38 in 21 balls to give impetus to the successful run-chase following the dismissals of openers Gautam Gambhir and Ajinkya Rahane in close succession.\"We said at the halfway stage we would have to do things exceptionally well to win this game, because the wicket did play so well, and we just lacked a bit of discipline really,\" said Morgan.Morgan rued the mid-innings stutter followed by some poor bowling.\"Losing wickets in Twenty20 cricket doesn't help -- and batting first, you never know how much is enough because you play on a small ground on a good wicket. We didn't compensate for the wickets and again didn't set it up for the finish. We lost wickets at the wrong times,\" said Morgan.But he said he would continue to encourage his batsmen to go for their shots on good tracks.\"I'll continue to encourage the guys to play positively and again build partnerships and continue momentum if the wicket is good,\" he said.Morgan also praised Yuvraj for his match-changing all round display.\"He's a very clean striker of a cricket ball, and again always has that danger factor. He can clear the ropes and he did that tonight - he had one over when he went berserk.\"...all credit to him; he bowled well. He does a great job, and has done for years,\" added the England captain when asked about how Yuvraj's part-time spin has been so effective in the limited overs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "their part weird, part canine-sounding band name may trigger an immediate reaction", "code": "17703390", "title": "Our sound is organic: Duncun Rufus", "text": "Their part weird, part canine-sounding band name may trigger an immediate reaction: \"What the hell is that?\" We'll tell you... they're a rock band. The name, a concoction of vocalist Lima Yanger's hometown Dimapur and his first pet dog Rufus. Formed roughly over two and a half years ago at Yanger's initiative (he had previously been a part of bands like Sleeping Buddha and Sleep Logic), Norwegian drummer Gaute Johannsen is also on board. Then, there's bassist John Jaideep Thirumalai aka JD (Bliss Logic), lead guitarist Vinay Lobo (Airport) and Hitesh Dhutia (Sleeping Buddha, Contraband, Junkt, Rajiv Raja Combine). Generally, they are described as a pop-rock band that doesn't really play that genre of music, clarifies Lima and chooses to best describe their music as adult contemporary rock.On their a-ha moment: Duncun Rufus recorded Mary Song in 2010, which is perhaps their best known song till date. The song penned by Lima is dedicated to female boxing champion Mary Kom, much before her Olympic win and subsequently becoming a household name. The reason why this song contributes to their a-ha moment is because it helped cement the band. This mellow song salutes woman power and became a cult hit for their listeners. The guys look forward to performing the song for Mary Kom someday.On their brand of music: The band describes their sound as organic. Organic, because the emphasis on pure sound rather than embellishing mixing their music with sound effects, and that's the reason why they have refrained from having a DJ. Their funda being, what you hear, is what you will get (organic sound), explains Lima. In November 2011, the band put their debut album Carte Blanche consisting of 10 tracks up on the internet.Some of their songs include: Lemonade, a track that explores the idea of sticking together through thick and thin, whether in friendship or love. The Greatest Hit , a country-meets-rock number which talks about lightening the load in one's mind and Degau Heights, a name that derives from the name of the building where guitarist Vinay lives. This song was made around five months ago (it will be a part of their upcoming second album), an uptempo foot-tapping number about modern- day fascism that exists in our society.On their influences: Like most bands, they don't like to limit themselves to any particular genre. And unlike many bands, Duncun Rufus refrains from doing any covers for the simple reason being, \"We're not comfortable doing somebody else's songs,\" says Lima who's been making his own original music since 2000, dating back to his Sleeping Buddha and Bliss Logic days. Every member has their different taste in music, Lima likes 80s pop-rock, contemporary and electro; Gaute likes rock and Scandinavian pop, JD likes improv stuff along with jazz and world music, Vinay is into blues and Hitesh is into rock.Music is an integral part of North Eastern culture and so Lima's family members have been associated with music. In fact, he wrote and composed his very first song when he was in the ninth grade. A self-taught singer, he hasn't undergone any professional training but would like to, someday.On their way forward: At the moment, they are working on their second upcoming album titled, The Folds Galore which will most probably comprise 15 tracks and will record the songs live in the studio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17700494", "title": "UP welcomes relaxation in purchase of damaged paddy", "text": "LUCKNOW: Calling the decision pro-farmer, the state government on Thursday welcomed the UPA government's decision to relax the rules applicable to purchase of paddy. At present, the Food Corporation of India (FCI) purchases paddy stocks from farmers and accepts up to 3% damage in the crop. This year, keeping in mind the uneven rainfall, the Centre had relaxed this limit and allowed the FCI to purchase up to 4% of the damaged crop. This is the first time the Centre has taken this step for Uttar Pradesh.In an official statement, the state government said farmers will no longer be forced to sell their paddy at lesser prices. Earlier, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had written to the Centre asking that the limit of damaged crop be increased in view of the poor yield and quality of paddy produced in UP this year. Following the state government request, the Centre raised the damaged paddy limit from the existing 3% to 4%, to ensure paddy farmers in UP do not suffer extensive losses.Saying the Centre's decision would clear the hurdles in the purchase of paddy by the FCI, the state government said all agencies certified for purchase across the country had fixed a 3% damage limit for acceptable paddy. However, due to uneven rainfall in UP this year, the quality of rice was below expectations. As a result, FCI had refused to buy rice from mills in Uttar Pradesh, which led to extensive losses to farmers in the state.To protect the interests of the affected farmers, Akhilesh wrote to the Union government, meanwhile, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav also led a delegation of MPs to Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar seeking his intervention in the matter.Following the requests, the agriculture ministry sent a team of experts across various districts of Uttar Pradesh for sampling and found that the points raised by UP government were pertinent. After due consideration the Union government, in a first for UP, gave a one per cent waiver on the quality of rice to be purchased from the state.On Thursday, the state government said the decision would be enforced on both the levy and government purchase, for the current financial year 2012-13. Meanwhile, the UP Congress committee attacked the state government for reneging on its promise to install electronic weighing machines at paddy purchase centres.Though rice purchase should have started in October 2012, officials at paddy purchase centres were striking work even after the Centre raised the limit of acceptable paddy. This, a Congress spokesman said, was forcing farmers to sell rice below the minimum support price for rice, in order to recover costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17700824", "title": "Forest panel to hold meeting flouting CIC orders", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Forest Advisory Committee (FAC), under the ministry of forests and environment, has scheduled yet another meeting on Friday for clearing projects in violation of the Central Information Commission (CIC) orders. Earlier, the commission had pulled up environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan for a similar transgression.In February, the CIC had demanded that the ministry must share with public the details of projects to be cleared ahead of the Forest Advisory Committee's (FAC) consideration. The FAC is the statutory body that advises the ministry on handing over forestlands to project developers. The Commission had ordered that all details of the project proposals be put out in public domain at least 10 days before the FAC considers the cases.In the past, Natarajan had intervened to cancel a FAC meeting after TOI reported that it was being held in violation of the CIC orders.Partial data for the 28 proposals to be considered in Friday's meeting were put out on the ministry website on Wednesday. And, the lack of details in public domain on the proposals that are to be decided upon by FAC obviates the chances of any aggrieved party to counter the proposals put forth by state government for clearing forests on behalf of project developers.The meeting \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to be held on Friday and Saturday \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is slated to consider some big-ticket projects such as the controversial 320mw Stage-1 and 530mw Stage-II Kotlibhel projects on river Alaknanda in Uttarakhand, the 520mw Teesta Stage IV hydel project in Sikkim and opening up of another 1,400 hectares of forestland by Mahanadi Coal Fields in Odisha's Jharsuguda mines.FAC consists of senior forest officials and three independent experts. Currently, one of the non-official slots on the panel is vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17702193", "title": "9 in race for Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology VC's post", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Governor and chancellor of universities M C Bhandare has called nine candidates for interview for the post of vice chancellor (VC) of Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) on Friday, four days after D P Ray relinquished the post after a controversial one-month extension was offered to him.Sources said the chancellor has called OUAT dean (agriculture) M R Kar, dean (extension education) Shankarsan Nanda, former dean (agriculture) N K Dhal, former dean (students welfare) Buddhadeb Mishra, retired professor (basic science) Asutosh Samantray, retired IAS officer Rabi Narayan Senapati, IIT Kharagpur faculty member R K Panda, Central Agricultural University scientist Dibakar Nayak and fisheries expert P K Jena.Though it is the chancellor's prerogative to appoint the VC, lobbying and counter-lobying have reached its peak.Ramakant Mohapatra, an advocate, has submitted a memorandum to the Governor against the candidature of Nanda. Mohapatra pleaded to the Governor to go through an inquiry report on allegation of financial irregularities levelled by him against Nanda.On the basis of Mohapatra' complaint in October 2011, the varsity's controller of finance had conducted an inquiry against Nanda. The report, obtained using Right to Information Act, showed that Nanda spent Rs 60 lakh of varsity money on last day of financial year (March 31, 2011) and released funds in an erratic and irrational manner and without the approval of the competent authority. \"Making Rs 60 lakh on the last day of the financial year and also retaining huge amount of balance at close of financial year clearly speaks of bad financial management,\" the inquiry report said.If old allegations are being cited to lessen the prospect of Nanda for the coveted post, candidature of Senapati, who retired as development commissioner recently, has faced opposition for lacking required experience in teaching. \"His nomination is not in conformity with University Grants Commission and Indian Council of Agriculture Research norms,\" Bijay Kumar Parida, president of Jana Adhikar Parishad, a voluntary organization, wrote to the governor.A former bureaucrat being in the race for the top varsity position is not new for OUAT. Former chief secretary Sahadev Sahu besides retired IAS officers RK Bhujabal and K Ramamurthy have occupied the post in OUAT earlier. Sources said Senapati remains a top contender because he is perceived to be enjoying an excelled rapport with CM Naveen Patnaik , sources said.The government contemplating to reward Senapati with the sought after position stems from the fact that the BJD government has previously rehabilitated many retired IAS and IPS officers enjoying friendly relationship with the political establishments in Odisha Information Commission, Odisha Electricity Regulatory Commission and Odisha Public Service Commission , among other government bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17700665", "title": "1,200% rise in cop cover for VIPs in Mumbai over 5 years", "text": "MUMBAI: While the nation and Mumbai cry themselves hoarse for more protection for women following a spate of gruesome crimes\u00e2\u20ac\u201dincluding Sunday's horrific gang rape in the capital\u00e2\u20ac\u201dVIPs and VVIPs have been hogging a huge section of the police force for their personal protection in Mumbai. There was a 1,184% jump in deployments for VIP and VVIP security and bandobast over five years from 2007 to 2012. While there were only 2,213 such deployments in 2007, the figure rose to 28,420 in 2012.Over a one-year period, from 2011 to 2012, there was a whopping 47% jump in VIP/VVIP security and bandobast deployments, with 19,349 in 2011 and 28,420 in 2012. The 2012 figures will rise further as they have been tallied for 11 months till November 30. The deployments\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich are for visiting as well as local VIPs/VVIPs\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwere revealed in an RTI reply.The VIP deployments for 2012 work out to an average of over 2,500 a month. Sources said around 15-20% of Mumbai's 46,000-strong police force is on leave or on VIP duty at any given time, leaving an inadequate number of cops for other duties, including protecting the common man.A senior police officer complained that VIPs/VVIPs were utilizing a large chunk of the force, which is affecting routine policing. He said, \"We have to utilize our best-available options to ensure the security of VVIPs. However, many people also use their influence with the government to get similar protection despite not facing any threat.\" There have been instances when controversial politicians, businessmen and builders have received police protection by using their influence.The officer added that the statistics were not entirely accurate, as sometimes cops are pulled off duty or at other times more are needed, but the figures are \"indicative\".TOI had reported on August 24, 2011 that an RTI reply\u00e2\u20ac\u201dreceived by activist Chetan Kothari, who also filed the latest query\u00e2\u20ac\u201drevealed that in January 2010 in Mumbai, 114 policemen had been assigned to protect just one VVIP. The same RTI reply said that 4,232 security/bandobast deployments had been made for just 24 VVIP visits to Mumbai from January 2010 to June 2011.Police commissioner Satyapal Singh said, \"We are encouraging women to come forward to report incidents and I have asked my men to become complainants in cases if the victim does not want to file one. We want to act strongly against miscreants so that they don't dare commit such crimes again.\" He added, \"I am focused on curbing crimes against women and have asked my men to deal with cases seriously.\"An officer said the number of VIPs keeps increasing drastically and the government should take note of this as it affects regular policing. Last year, the government announced that every police station should have an anti-sexual harassment squad comprising female constables. But due to inadequate staff and bandobast responsibilities, the announcement remains on paper.There have been desperate attempts to curb street crime too. Singh, in a bid to increase police visibility, told his men to remain in uniform while going to work and returning from office. Singh said, \"Police visibility helps deter street crime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17701045", "title": "New enclosures to ease movement at Allahabad Junction", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The passenger enclosures at the Allahabad railway junction are being given final touches as the North Central Railway braces for Maha Kumbh rush.Six enclosures are being set up at the Allahabad railway junction - four on the city side and two on the Civil Lines side.The enclosures are being painted in different colours so that passengers can easily identify. Enclosure number 1 is being set up near Line Shah Baba on the city side of junction. It is being painted red and meant for passengers going in the Satna direction via Naini and Manikpur. Further, passengers going towards South India would also be using this enclosure.Passenger enclosure number 2 is being painted green and meant for passengers going in the Jhansi direction via Manikpur, Banda. Further, this enclosure will also be used by passengers going towards Jhansi direction.Passenger enclosure number 3 is being set up for the passengers going towards Mughalsarai via Vindhyachal and Mirzapur. Further, it will also have passengers going from Mughalsarai towards Patna, Gaya and Kolkata. This enclosure is being painted yellow.Enclosure number 4 is being painted blue and meant for passengers going in the Kanpur direction via Bharwari, Khaga and Bindki Road. Further, it will also accommodate passengers going towards Kanpur via phaphund, Etawah, Tundla, Aligarh and other places.The first enclosure is being set up on an area of 1269 square metres which has the capacity of accommodating about 3,300 passengers. The second and third temporary enclosures have area of about 1,400 square metres and accommodate about 3,688 passengers. The fourth temporary enclosure has an area of about 520 square metres having capacity of keeping about 1,300 passengers.In addition, two enclosures have been set up on the Civil Lines side of the Allahabad junction. Each enclosure has an area of 900 square metres with capacity for 2,300 passengers.Each of the enclosure has the capacity of accommodating 1,200 to 8,000 passengers. Each enclosure has drinking water facility, toilets and light refreshment arrangements, emergency lighting, mobile charging points, train indication boards and public address system. In addition, various booking counters are being set up in the enclosures where passengers can directly buy railway tickets through UTS. Various types of food stalls are also being opened in these enclosures. Information boards have also been set for providing information about the passenger enclosures at various places.These enclosures are being set up for effective crowd management at the Allahabad junction. A control room is also being set up at the top of the building of the Allahabad junction from where the crowd thronging the Allahabad railway junction would be monitored. Depending upon the number of passengers in a particular enclosure, they would be taken on the railway platform. A train would be arranged at the platform concerned and all passengers would then be taken to their destinations.Senior railway officers will remain present in the railway control room and supervise crowd management at the junction. However, the setting up of passenger enclosures is also causing problems to people coming for reservation. Passenger enclosure number 4 has been extended on the road that leads to the PRS counters on the city side of the junction. As a result, passengers going for getting reservation are facing problems to go to PRS counters. A little space has been left where the passengers have to squeeze themselves to reach PRS counters.NCR PRO Sandeep Mathur said passenger enclosures are being given final touches and they will soon be ready for accommodating passenger during Maha Kumbh. These enclosures are being set up for effective crowd management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-21"}
