{"city": "margao", "code": "11670579", "title": "Weed out candidates with criminal past, says Gopalaswami", "text": "MARGAO: Former chief election commissioner of India N Gopalaswami on Saturday made a pitch for putting in place a strong legal mechanism to prevent candidates possessing criminal tendencies from contesting the elections.He made these remarks while addressing a gathering after releasing a book titled 'Vonvlam' authored by retired IAS officer Aravind Bhatikar at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao. Former chief minister Shashikala Kakodkar, noted writer Uday Bhembre and Fomento group chief Avdhoot Timblo, were present on the dais.Gopalswami, in his address, said it was a matter of grave concern that candidates with questionable character and criminal tendencies were attempting to get to the legislative assemblies and parliament and that their number was on the rise.Expressing lament over the fact that money and liquor were being used in huge quantities to lure voters ahead of elections, especially in the last over one decade, Gopalswami underlined the need to curb the malpractice. He gave instances of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu where the flow of money and liquor had witnessed a sharp rise.Bhatikar's book, released at the hands of Gopalswami, speaks about the author's experiences in the Indian administrative service and public life.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11670017", "title": "Jai Inder holds father's flag aloft", "text": "PATIALA: While her father Capt Amarinder Singh is away trying to turn the poll situation in Lambi upside down, Jai Inder Kaur is busy safeguarding his citadel in Patiala. Amarinder has bigger fish to fry as for these assembly elections he has only campaigned in Patiala for around 45 minutes. He addressed just two rallies; one near bus stand on January 22 and the other near Quila Chowk on Friday night.Not all his family members are campaigning for him this time.His wife, Union minister Preneet Kaur, is busy seeking votes for their son Raninder in Samana.During last elections, Preneet, Jai Inder and his daughter-in-law Rishma Kaur had handled Amarinder's campaign.Jai Inder has been conducting around 8-10 meetings daily in different parts of the city. Due to her experience of the last election, she knows majority of local Congress leaders and is gelling well with voters through them.\"People of Patiala know they are electing the CM of Punjab and they are with Congress. My father knows almost all residents personally and he has handed his campaign to them,\" said Jai Inder.\"Since I have been busy looking after other Congress candidates in Punjab, I am not able to campaign for myself. I believe all Patiala residents are campaigning for me as all want to see an end of Shiromani Akali Dal government,\" Amarinder said while addressing his second rally in Patiala for these polls on Friday evening.Patiala resident Krishan, who runs a tea shop near Chhoti Baradari area said, \"(SAD candidate Surjit Singh Kohli) vi changa banda hai te usde mayor munde ne changa kam kita hai. Par CM de barabar nahi hai\" (Kohli is a good man and his mayor son has done appreciable work in the city. But he is no equal to CM).\"There are 1.39 lakh voters in Patiala city constituency.  Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11673771", "title": "Pampered, can\u2019t take hard knocks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely a week into a Pune college, Sadhvi Malik packed her bags for home in Delhi. Her cocooned existence at home hadn't prepared her for a world where there was no one to take care of her every need.\"I had a maid all my life. She even slept in my room. When I reached Pune, it hit me that I had to do it all myself - grocery shopping, laundry and cleaning,\" she says. After much persuasion, she stayed in college.Sadhvi's case is not unique, say psychologists. An excessively protected and pampered childhood often cripples the child's coping mechanism, they feel. \"When parents are unable to spend much time with their children they feel guilty and over-compensate. This is common especially in single-parent families where parents are divorced or one is predominantly absent, and in families where children are raised by the domestic help,\" says Dr Nimesh Desai, director, Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences.Usually, parents compensate with gifts. Whether they skip a recital or a planned outing, there is always a new gadget or toy to make up for it. \"In small families, parents don't have time to connect with the child. They shower children with material gifts but neglect them emotionally, causing defective and immature coping skills,\" says Dr Pulkit Sharma, clinical psychologist, Vidyasagar Institute of Mental Health and Neuro-Sciences ( VIMHANS).Preeti Kumar, who works late hours at an export house, says, \"I see so little of my child, I don't feel like disciplining him. Also, by the time I get home I'm really tired. If my son cries for something I distract him with a toy or a chocolate,\" she says.While a small treat occasionally seems harmless, psychologists warn that there can be serious consequences for the child, with manifestations in adulthood. \"Emotional disconnect can lead to anti-social behaviour or borderline personality disorders. In adolescents, wrist slashing is becoming prevalent because they can't deal with emotional stress and try to convert psychological pain into physical pain,\" says Desai.\"When their every need is catered to, kids don't develop the ability to handle situations on their own, which can lead to a lack of self-esteem in the long run,\" adds Sharma.By teaching children to be responsible from a young age parents can mitigate the adverse effects on their emotional quotient. It could be something as simple as instructing toddlers to put back their toys in place or encouraging teenagers to budget their expenses. \"Parents need to achieve a balance between love and discipline,\" says Desai. Dr Pradeep Sarma, a dentist with two young sons, aged three and five, has made it a point to strike the necessary balance. \"Pampering is good to a certain extent. But when my sons throw tantrums, I resort to tough talk,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669571", "title": "Tech startups present business plans at IIM-A", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A technology that identifies alumni and connects them to their alma mater, a smart wake-up alarm for commuters travelling long distance and an application that brings books to life - aspiring entrepreneurs pitched their ideas at Indian Institute of Ahmedabad (IIM-A) on Saturday.About 11 startups in the internet and mobile space demonstrated innovations to mentors, angel investors and seed funding agencies as part of the Centre for Innovation, Incubation and Entrepreneurship (CIIE)'s iAccelerator program. \"The sole objective of iAccelerator is to empower technology entrepreneurs in the internet and mobile domain to establish sustainable value businesses using mentorship, network and capital,\" Rakesh Basant, chairperson CIIE and faculty, IIM-A. tnnThrought iAccelerator, CIIE helps startups in establishing customer metrics, acquire initial customers and provides a seed funding of Rs 5 lakhs. In return, CIIE takes 3-12% stake in the company. The angel investors also support by providing investment, advice, connections and expertise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11672277", "title": "UGC not to send its panels to varsities for assessment", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The University Grants Commission (UGC) has decided to discontinue the practice of sending expert committees to varsities for first-hand assessment of their financial requirements with immediate effect.This decision attains significance as it comes at a time when 12th Five Year Plan (FYP) is set to begin from April 2012. The decision virtually grants full autonomy to the universities to prepare their perspective plans and submit them to the UGC for sanction. The vital change brought about by the UGC has been personally conveyed to the vice-chancellors of all Central Universities, including Allahabad University, state and deemed-to-be universities, by vice-chairman Ved Prakash, in his capacity as the acting chairman of the UGC, in a communique.Till date, the UGC had been following the practice of deputing expert committees to visit the universities to assess their financial needs, based on which funds were allocated to the institutions to meet their development needs during each FYP period. In the communique (F.1-1/2012) dated January 5, 2012, Prakash has explained that the reform has been implemented followed UGC's past experience that the old procedure had invariably resulted in delayed communication of financial allocations to the universities by the UGC owing to various factors like non-availability of experienced hands needed at a time to constitute the expert committees, logistics of organising timely visits to the universities, time required to study the reports of the expert committees and deciding the final allocation of funds to the varsities.Spelling out the new process, the UGC has specified that now the proposal may emanate at the level of individual faculty and pass through the departmental advisory board, board of studies, academic council, finance committee and the executive council or its equivalent body. Making clear that it was hoped that the confidence reposed by the UGC will provide greater autonomy to the university besides ensuring objectivity, transparency, ownership and accountability, the letter also specifies that such proposals received by the UGC will eventually be analysed by the expert committees at the level of the UGC.AU public relation officer P K Sahoo said, \"With the expert committee of UGC not coming for the first-hand assessment, it is now the responsibility of AU authorities or for that matter different departments of the institute concern to present their requirement to the UGC and get funds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11674466", "title": "'Dragon Tattoo unsuitable for Indian audience'", "text": "Here is news that is sure to shock fans of director David Fincher . The Oscar-nominated director's remake of the Swedish film 'The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo' will not be releasing in India as the censor board has adjudged the film \"unsuitable for public viewing in its unaltered form\".'The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo' stars Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara in the lead and features nudity and violent scenes, which the censor board felt will have to be edited out from the film if it is to be shown to the public.The scenes that came under the scanner include one in which the lead character Lisbeth Salander is brutally raped, one in which she gives it back to her assaulter, a lesbian sex scene and a lovemaking scene between Craig and Mara.To preserve director David Fincher's artistic integrity, the studio behind the film, Sony Pictures, has now decided not to release the film in India.Interestingly, the film has been a critical and commercial hit abroad and has also bagged a couple of Oscar nominations, including Best Actress for Rooney Mara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "salabatpura/sirsa", "code": "11669717", "title": "Poll-bound Punjab awaits Dera\u2019s diktat on voting", "text": "SALABATPURA/SIRSA: Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda is likely to announce its support in favour of a party or candidates in pollbound Punjab on Sunday . The campaigning ended on Saturday and the state would go to polls on Monday.The candidates contesting the polls are keenly awaiting the Dera's decision as the sect has a massive following in Punjab's Malwa region. Heavyweights like CM Prakash Singh Badal, his son and deputy CM, Sukhbir, and rebel Akali leader Manpreet Badal are contesting from the region that has 67 of the state's 117 assembly seats. Congress leader Amarinder Singh rushed to Sirsa on Friday to meet Sacha Sauda head Baba Gurmeet Ram Rahim. His wife and Union minister Preneet Kaur and son Raninder-a Congress candidate - visited Dera a few days ago and so did Manpreet Badal's wife, Veenu.Sources said the dera's political wing had called for inputs from its followers in Punjab, based on which, they were to decide which party or candidate to support. The wing held meetings on January 23, 26 and 27 to arrive at a decision. The Dera followers are known as 'Kukas' and have made remarkable contribution to the freedom struggle.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11668803", "title": "Party-hopper Shivajirao Mane joins NCP", "text": "State NCP president Madhukar Pichad's much-hyped announcement on Friday that an Independent MP who is also the president of a state-level organization would join the party on Saturday turned out to be a tame affair when a former Shiv Sena MP Shivajirao Mane, now president of the Hingoli District Congress Committee, joined the NCP.Mane was first elected to Lok Sabha in 1996 and later in 1999 as a Sena nominee from Hingoli. He quit the Sena in 2007 and joined the Congress. \"I was completely ignored during the municipal council polls and the zilla parishad elections. In such circumstances, I had no option but to quit the Congress and join the NCP,\" said Mane, who was admitted into the NCP fold in the presence of deputy CM Ajit Pawar, Pichad and public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal.\"We don't believe in defections, but if activists like Mane are keen to join the NCP, they are most welcome. We will utilize their political skill and grant them appropriate responsibilities,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11670342", "title": "BJP announces first list, keeps out 7 corporators", "text": "NAGPUR: After a series of meetings, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has declared its first list of 42 candidates of the total 122 it will field for the NMC polls. The party has also ousted seven sitting corporators. As expected, the party has started to face rebellions with senior corporator Subhash Aparajit deciding to contest as an independent.The first list include names of few bigwigs including city BJP chief Anil Sole, leader of ruling party Praveen Datke, mayor Archana Dehankar, chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi, NIT trustee Sudhakar Kohale, former chairman of standing committee Pravin Bhisikar, and former mayor Maya Iwnate.Seven sitting corporators have been rested with the first list. Corporator from Seminary Hills and chairperson of Dharampeth Zone Shashikala Wade has been ousted and the ticket from that ward has been given to Leela Atram from Seminary Hills. Munna Yadav's name has been declared from Sai Mandir ward, denying the claim of two senior BJP leaders including four time corporator Subhash Aparajit and Girish Deshmukh. This has also sent a threat to another bigwig of BJP Prakash Totwani who is chairman of water works committee as Deshmukh may be now fielded from Khamla ward.Corporator Sanjay Bhonde has been denied ticket from the RPTS ward and the ticket has been given to senior BJP leader Gopal Bohare. As expected, corporator Vivek Tarase has been rested to pave way for Sole, who is one of the top contenders for mayor's post. Corporator Baba Maind's wife Vishakha has been ticket who will contest with Sole. BJP West Nagpur unit chief Sanjay Bangale has also got a major setback. Besides, two more corporators Vinyatai Fadnavis and Madhuri Padole will be 'rested' due to reservation problems and no choice from adjacent wards. However, Bangale purchased the nomination form on Saturday, creating some confusion.Asked about rumours of resigning from BJP, three-time corporator Aparajit told TOI that he has requested the party to give ticket from Sai Mandir ward. \"I will contest as an independent if not given ticket. I am working in BJP since 1968,\" he said.However, Bhonde and Wade showed no signs of rebellion. \"I am satisfied with the party's decision. There's no question of rebellion or joining other party,\" said Wade.However, the first list lacks the names of few bigwigs of BJP including former mayors Kalpana Pande and Devrao Umredkar, Avinash Thakre, Chaya Gade, Bandu Raut etc. It seems that their names have been held up due to large number of aspirants seeking ticket instead of them. BJP is likely to release the second list on Sunday followed by the final list after settling the tug of war with Shiv Sena and RPI (A). of conduct violations with various city police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668306", "title": "Hunt on for experts to handle state\u2019s Metro projects", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government has begun its hunt for an expert to take care of Metro rail projects in Mumbai and other metropolis in the state.Recently at a meeting with urban development (UD) officials, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan directed UD officials to look for expertise for Metro projects, rather relying on bureaucrats for monitoring such important projects.\"Chavan told UD officials that bureaucrats get transferred on completion of their tenure and such changes in administration may affect crucial projects. He is of the opinion that Metro rail project should have a person who has knowledge of the projects,\" said a senior Mantralaya official who attended the meeting , chaired by Chavan, in Vidhan Bhavan. TC Benjamin and Manu Kumar Srivastava, both principal secretaries of the UD department, were present.In order to ensure that projects are executed on time, Chavan hinted that UD officials should look out for someone like E Sreedharan, former managing director of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, the official said. \"Chavan feels that appointing an expert would help the state to resolve issues such as delay in execution and safety of the Metro rail,\" the Mantralaya official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11668996", "title": "Murder accused IIM-L student sent to jail", "text": "LUCKNOW: First-year student of Indian Institute of Management - Lucknow (IIM-L) Rahul Verma was sent to jail on Saturday after the three-day CBI remand granted by the special CBI court in Lucknow concluded.Having failed to extract a confession from Rahul, the CBI is set to approach the court for another session of police remand of Rahul. A resident of Indiranagar, Rahul Verma was arrested by the CBI on Wednesday in connection with the murder of a Mumbai-based fashion designer, Adesh Bajpayee, in August 2008.Sources in the CBI said that though Rahul has confessed to some other aspects of the incident which were uncorroborated till recently, he resisted all efforts by the investigators to make him admit to his involvement in the crime.\"We have managed to put together some important elements in proper perspective on the basis of his statements and are hopeful of leading the investigations to a logical end in the near future,\" said a CBI source.About Rahul has refused to confess that he had murdered Adesh, CBI sources said, adding that the agency too is of the view that there were more than one person involved in the crime. What was their exact role is yet to be established.\"Irrespective of \"who pulled the trigger\" as we say in terms of actually committing the crime, there is no doubt at all about his involvement in the sequence of events,\" the source said.Adesh Bajpayee is said to have met Rahul through a social networking site for gays sometime in early 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669333", "title": "They cashed in on blood ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men have been arrested for duping several people on the pretext of procuring blood for their kin admitted in a prestigious south Delhi hospital. The accused have been identified as Rakesh (24) and Deepak (26).\"Of late, we have received a number of complaints that some persons have been cheating relatives of patients by promising to arrange for blood. The fraudsters then disappeared with their money,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma.\"One such complaint was received from one Neeraj Kumar Rai. In his complaint, Rai said he has been conned by two men, who took Rs 4,000 and the OPD card from him. They had promised to provide four units of blood for his relative who was admitted at the hospital on January 25,\" Sharma said.\"On a tip-off, we laid a trap near the AIIMS Flyover Park where the accused were to meet. The accused were apprehended and later identified by Rai,'' said Sharma.On interrogation, the men confessed that they lurked in the hospital looking for potential victims, said police. After identifying a victim, they used to strike a conversation and assured them they could arrange for the required blood units through their contacts.After taking the money, the OPD card and original medical papers, the accused disappeared, said cops.The accused also disclosed that they obtained SIM cards - using fake identification papers - which they later destroyed after fleecing the victims.\"Most of the times, people did not report the incident as they had to attend to the patient. The source of SIM cards and fake IDs is yet to be ascertained,\" said Sharma. Most arrests are likely in the case, she said.While Deepak is a resident of Uttam Nagar, Rakesh is a resident of Jaitpur. Police said Rakesh, has earlier worked as nursing orderly at two hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11669352", "title": "Ludhianvis join Twitter blackout", "text": "LUDHIANA: Joining people from across the globe who are expressing their outrage on Twitter's reportedly country specific censorship plans, some Ludhianavis boycotted the social networking site as a mark of their protest on Saturday.Protesters are using the hash tag #TwitterBlackout to organize the boycott.Dr Ashvind Bawa, a resident of Dandi Swami Road, who is also on Twitter said he is not in favour of any kind of censorship on social networking sites.\"I feel no authority should be allowed to check the free flow of opinions and information. Social networking sites have become harbingers of change in the global scenario and there should be no curb on any of these sites,\" he said, adding that it impacts the freedom of speech and expression would be affected therefore I have joined this boycott.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11669844", "title": "Trichy citizens intercepted, rewarded for wearing helmet", "text": "TRICHY: With three days left for the compulsory helmet rule for two-wheeler riders in Trichy to come into effect, the police and a social service movement on Saturday, organised a road-show to reward citizens wearing a helmet. The policemen, led by assistant commissioner of police S Ponnumalai and volunteers of Malaikottai Friends Social Service Movement jointly organised the programme near Gandhi Market in Trichy.Volunteers intercepted two-wheeler riders wearing helmets and 26 of them were rewarded with gift coupons. Uranthai M Pitchaiya, a railway staff who led the movement told TOI that the awareness programme was aimed at making the public realise the value of life. Pitchaiya added that it was interesting to see a few helmet-wearing riders give a slip to police and volunteers, fearing document verifications. Another road-show was also conducted in the evening near Chinthamani in the city.However, not everyone is happy with the compulsory helmet rule. Maheswari Vaiyapuri, state general secretary of Consumer Rights Movement, Trichy appealed to the police commissioner to reconsider the order of both, the rider as well as the pillion rider wearing a helmet from February 1. Taking advantage of the situation , road-side vendors were charging exorbitant rates even for unbranded helmets, she said.Admitting to the fact that helmets would reduce the rate of fatal accidents, Maheswari said it was the prime duty of the administration to enable congestion-free movement on roads. As of now, road infrastructure in the city could not cope with the increasing number of vehicles, as the roads were designed in accordance with the population during 1990. A series of awareness programmes should be conducted to change the mindset that wearing of helmets is necessary, not compulsory, she appealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11668240", "title": "Why drinking benefits Europeans, not Indians", "text": "Are the health benefits of alcohol overrated? In the latest advisory on spirits, the UK House of Commons has requested the British to keep away from alcohol for at least two days a week. The lawmakers reason the body needs a break twice a week to repair the liver. This is a climbdown from earlier guidelines to drink moderately every day.In the country's various watering holes, it's difficult to miss the flurry of advice: have beer to flush out kidney stones, wine to cut down risk of heart attack. Some even claim that diabetes can be kept at bay with a regular drink. But doctors say such claims cannot be given a simple thumbs-up or thumbs-down.Consider beer, whose popularity in urban India is increasing steadily because of its low alcohol content. Urologist Dr Manish Bansal says it is a myth that beer can treat kidney stones. \"Studies in the US have shown that certain beers, such as stout, prevent calcium deposits and reduce stone formation by 30 to 35%. But beer contains a chemical called purine, which increases the risk of uric acid stones,\" he says. He adds that orange juice, or even tea or coffee, would have the same flushing-out effect as beer on kidney stones.Then there is the widespread contention that alcohol is good for the heart. Malika Arora, of the Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI), points out that this contention doesn't hold for Indians. \"We have done a study which shows that alcohol offers no cardiovascular protection for Indians,\" she says.The study was done jointly by PHFI and the All-India Institute of Medical Sciences, Delhi, across 10 cities in 2010 and compared 4,000 Indians who drank alcohol to an equal number who didn't. The study, published in the Atherosclerosis medical journal in February 2010, showed that even low levels of alcohol increased the risk of coronary artery disease among Indians by 40%.Why does this health reversal occur among Indians? PHFI's Arora points out that the kind of alcohol one drinks has a role. \"Indians mainly drink hard liquor, like whisky or even scotch. Europeans drink a lot of wine and it has been shown to be beneficial for them,\" she adds. Alcohol has been a part of Indian society since ages, but there is better tracking of the drinking habit these days. Market research firm International Wine and Spirits Record had stated that the total consumption of spirits in India stood at 200 million cases in 2009 (a case has 12 bottles or nine litres). A World Health Organization survey a few years back showed that spirits made up for 88% of what Indians regularly drink, while beer only had a 10% share and wine was barely 2%.It's this 'different' drinking pattern that makes a difference. While westerners drink moderately every day, resulting in some spirits giving them a health advantage, Indians tend toward binge-drinking. The AIIMS-PHFI study, for instance, said that varying effects of alcohol on different races may be genetic or due to different drinking patterns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11669331", "title": "Tractor kills 3-yr-old in Jaisinghpura Khor", "text": "JAIPUR: A three-year old girl in Jaisinghpura Khor in the city was run over by a tractor on Saturday while she was crossing a road there. She was rushed to a hospital where she died while undergoing treatment. The police have arrested the tractor driver and seized the vehicle.According to the police, the deceased identified as Anisha Kumari, was a resident of Dhani Tela area in Jaisinghpura Khor. The mishap took place near Kunda Road around 3.30 pm.\"She had come to the market with some relatives. She was crossing the road to get to a shop when the tractor hit her,' said a police officer.He added the local residents informed the police and rushed the girl to a hospital. \"But she succumbed to injuries. The tractor driver Narsi Lal was nabbed. A case of rash and negligent driving has been registered against him,\" said the officer.He added the body of the girl has been handed over to the family the postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11672622", "title": "A night dedicated to lissome lasses of Chennai", "text": "What would Chennai be without its effervescent party hoppers? A rather dull, dry, bookwormish, and dare we say, boring place? Well, that ain't gonna happen, for the young and hip folks of this town are not just 'all work and no play'.And boy, when they play, they do play hard. This recent night dedicated to the lissome lasses of Chennai, saw some of its sultry femmes make men go weak at their knees.Armed to the gills with attitude and sporting their sensuality in an understated fashion, these ladies waltzed into this restobar with an intent to dazzle.Draped in ensembles that had us at hello, these girls were hands down, the life, soul and heart of the night. The boys too tried matching beat for beat, step for step as they made an impression on the ladies.Great music, sumptuous food and beautiful young people - could this city be any more colourfully vibrant?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668128", "title": "40 tenders a day sanctioned in December", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) sanctioned 1,200 tenders in December 2011, nearly 40 a day, before the election code of conduct for the civic polls came into force on January 3. The usual rate of sanctioning of tenders is 800 per month, PMC officials said.A majority of the works pertained to road and building departments. The remaining works were from electrical, vehicle, urban community development, encroachment, water, slum, garden and health departments. Ward offices too have issued some tenders.Prasanna Joshi, head of the PMC's tender cell, said that apprehension about the code delaying the works was behind the increase in the number of tenders.\"In September, the tendering process had come to a standstill due to the code of conduct for the Khadakwasla assembly bypolls. Then, the dates for elections to the zilla parishad and municipal councils were announced. There were a couple of months to carry out the works between the code for the Khadakwasla bypolls and the local self-government bodies' polls,\" Joshi said.Data shows that 6,907 tenders were sanctioned between April and September 2011. In the next four months, 2,601 tenders were sanctioned. Out these, 1,200 were sanctioned in December.Such hurry in sanctioning tenders can affect the quality of works, civic activists said. \"A time-table of works should be planned at the start of the financial year to avoid influx of tenders at the last minute,\" said activist Vijay Kumbhar.Corporators and the administration must watch the tenders, Kumbhar added. \"Many tenders are mooted by elected members at the last minute to get mileage. They divert funds meant for other works to these works.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668502", "title": "Fort mapping to study Maratha architecture", "text": "PUNE: Researchers from Bharat Itihas Sanshodhak Mandal will undertake detailed mapping of Purnagad, a hill fort in Ratnagiri district, using 'Total Station', an electronic instrument used in modern surveying. The fort was built in 1724 AD by Kanhoji Angre, chief of the Maratha Navy.The mandal recently received a grant of Rs 1.5 lakh from the Indian Council of Historical Research (ICHR) for the two-year project. Researchers said that mapping the fort is of importance particularly because the Maratha period fort has Maratha architecture untouched by other architectural influences. The team also plans to explore trade activities in the fort before 1860.Researcher Sachin Joshi said, \"Most hill forts have not been mapped in detail. We chose Purnagad because its fortification, gateways, bastions, and other structures are considerably intact, when compared to other forts. Detailed drawings can be done easily.\"Joshi said the fort is located in a remote location, on a 50-m hill on the banks of the river Muchakundi and covers 22 acres.The project will be completed under the guidance of the mandal's expert S M Bhave.\"Instead of manual mapping, we have opted to use Total Station, an instrument used for road mapping. It will help us map the different contours of the fort. Places where canons were stationed, residential areas, storerooms and granaries will be mapped,\" he said.Though the ceilings have crumbled, the walls remain. \"These structures can be reconstructed later. This is precisely why mapping is undertaken. Many of the 350-odd forts in Maharashtra are dilapidated and not all can be conserved. Hence, detailed mapping and documentation should be carried out so that elements of these forts can be reconstructed later when financial grants are available,\" said Joshi.Mapping the fort is important because of its Maratha architecture. \"Many other forts of this period have architectural influences of other dynasties such as Adil Shahi or Mughal. Purnagad has pure Maratha architecture. We can also use architectural elements in this fort for a comparative analysis of those in other forts,\" he said.The researchers will also study the ethno-archaeological aspects of the area surrounding the fort to find out the activities undertaken before 1860. \"The Sawantwadi and Ratnagiri Gazetteer of 1880 briefly mentions the trade activities undertaken here around 1870s. We want to go further back in our exploration of the fort,\" he said.Notably, the Sawantwadi and Ratnagiri Gazetteer said: Purnagad was a small port with limited trading activities during the 1819 A.D. The average yearly trade was valued at Rs 13,2455, of which exports were worth Rs 72,674 and imports worth Rs 59,781.Under the Peshwa government, no revenue was exacted from fields within the fort as they were cultivated by men staying in the fort.In 1829, though freed from service, the inhabitants still continued to enjoy the land rent-free. In 1862, except about 30 feet that had crumbled away, the walls of the fort were in good shape. There were about seven guns and about 70 cannon balls on the fort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668332", "title": "SoBo roads revamp hits encroachment hurdle", "text": "MUMBAI: Road widening in south Mumbai, undertaken by the BMC, faces the challenge of encroachments and old structures.With the bottleneck policy stuck in a political battle, the civic body is having a tough time carrying out road repairs. TOI has learnt that repair work in Byculla, Grant Road and Kalbadevi has been severely affected due to encroachments and old structures. With the number of old structures high in south Mumbai compared to the suburbs, rehabilitation of project-affected persons is a big question.In a bid to tackle the problem of encroachments and rehabilitation, the civic administration had floated the bottleneck policy. The policy aimed at addressing bottlenecks by removing encroachments on the roads that need to be widened. The owners of commercial and residential properties will be offered either monetary compensation on ready reckoner rates or other alternatives. However, the standing committee failed to ratify the policy as members did not come to a conclusion on the cut-off date for rehabilitation, which currently stands at 1995.With an eye on the elections, the members had demanded that the civic administration revise the cut-off date to 2000.TOI has learnt that the Dharavi 90-Foot Road has around 604 commercial establishments that the BMC needs to rehabilitate in order to widen the motorway. According to the development plan (1991), the Dharavi road is meant to be 90-feet-wide, however, due to encroachments the road's width is only 40 to 50 feet.Similarly, there are around 80 structures and 127 hutments on Maulana Azad Road in Byculla, which the civic body plans to widen to 90 feet. Similarly, the BMC has to widen Morlean Road to 60 feet from its current width of 40 feet. There are around 167 slums on the road. In 2011, the BMC decided to repair 160 major city roads by awarding contracts worth Rs 570 crore.The contracts were awarded in September 2011 and work was scheduled to start in October 2011. Several hurdles, including administrative delays and the traffic police's refusal to issue no-objection certificates, delayed the work. The deadline for the first phase of road works is February 29 and the second is May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11676314", "title": "IPTA stages plays to pay homage to Bapu", "text": "PATNA: To mark the 64th martyrdom day of Mahatma Gandhi , which falls on Monday, Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA), Patna, began a two-day programme entitled 'Hey Ram ... Bapu ko Bihari Jan kaa Salam' on Sunday at Bhikhari Thakur Rangbhumi, Gandhi Maidan, here.Noted theatre artiste Javed Akhtar Khan inaugurated the programme with a play \"Jangiram ki Haveli\" directed by Vijendra Tonk. Two other plays - 'Palki' (direction by Hasan Imam) and 'Andho kaa Haathi' (direction by Sharda Singh) - were highlights of the day.On the second day, various other plays would be staged. These include 'Mahatma Gandhi ko Chitthi Pahuche' directed by IPTA creative team, 'Gandhi' directed by Suresh Kumar Chajju, '10 Din ka Anshan' directed by Vinod Kumar and 'Mein Bihar Hun' directed by Tanvir Akhtar.\"On January 30, along with theatre plays and lectures by various artistes at Gandhi Maidan, we would also be organizing street plays, group songs and oration on Gandhi at Dak Bungalow crossing, Bhagat Singh Chowk (Patna City), Kadam Kuan crossing near Buddha statue, Moti Chowk crossing (Khagaul), Premchand roundabout (Rajendra Nagar) and Thana Chowk (Phulwarisharif) in the city,\" Tanvir Akhtar, general secretary, IPTA, told TOI.Similar programmes will be conducted by the organization in various districts, including Saran, Siwan, Katihar, Madhubani, West Champaran, Muzaffarpur, Bhojpur and Saharsa.\"Our aim is to bring together all Indian citizens and jointly pay homage to the 'Father of the nation'. We want people to stop their work and observe a two-minute silence at 11am to remember Gandhi for his great work,\" said Akhtar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11669134", "title": "Cleanliness, daily issues form Lok Satta's poll plank", "text": "NOIDA: With battle lines drawn up in poll-bound Uttar Pradesh, Lok Satta Party kicked off the first leg of its campaign for the upcoming elections. Party candidate for the Noida assembly seat, Anoop Khanna began with a 'cleanliness drive,' sweeping the streets in several sectors of the city. Khanna has chosen to focus on the everyday issues of waste disposal, sanitation and electricity to woo the majority urban voters.Contesting on the plank of providing \"corruption free governance,\" Khanna said that the idea behind the cleanliness drive was a twofold one that not only gave him a chance to connect with a large number of potential voters, but also \"inculcated among the residents, the spirit of keeping their city clean.\"\"The aim of our party is to bring about clean politics and governance and focus on issues that matter the most to the general public ,\" Khanna said. \"Instead of blaming opposition parties, taking pot shots at others and promising a series of incentives that might never materialize, I have decided make an exception and focus on some of the most pressing issues for the residents of Noida, like lack of sanitation arrangements, arbitrary hike in the school fees, unwarranted fixed electricity meter charges, development of sports facilities in the city, etc,\" he added.Khanna, the president of the Gautam Budh Nagar Chemists Association, has been at the helm of several social activities in Noida in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668237", "title": "'Juhu robbery mastermind needed cash for wedding'", "text": "MUMBAI: Vinod Jaiswal, the mastermind of the Juhu robbery where a homemaker and her five-year-old son were threatened with a gun on Friday, told investigators that he needed money for his wedding. Jaiswal and three of his aides-Anil Gautam, Vishal Gautam and Ramprakash Bharati-were nabbed by security guards at Aashrey society at Juhu Scheme on Friday. The four had barged into Rupam Waghani (29)'s flat while her husband was away.\"Jaiswal had worked as a plumber there and knew the house well,\" said DCP Pratap Dighavkar.Cops said that they were carrying ammunition usually used in a 0.762 bore rifle. \"A country-made revolver has also been seized. We are verifying if the accused have a crime record,\" Dighavkar said. The accused had stashed weapons in a shoe rack belonging to a resident. Cash worth Rs 4.49 lakh was also recovered. Officials said Jaiswal had also done electrical work for Rupam's brother-in-law. Feeling overcharged, the latter refused to let Jaiswal work at his office. This angered Jaiswal. Ten watches, cellphones, a digicam, Indian and foreign currency were stolen from Rupam's residence.Guard Rameshchand Dubey will be felicitated by police commissioner Arup Patnaik next week. The accused have been remanded in custody till February 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11669019", "title": "Deputy CM's plea for additional quarter kept abeyance", "text": "HYDERABAD: He may be the deputy chief minister of the state, but C Damodar Raja Narasimha's plea for an additional quarter at Ministers' Quarters, Banjara Hills has been in the cold storage for the past five months. Incidentally, the file has to be cleared by none other than his boss, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy.The government had granted Raja Narasimha quarter No. 30 after he was inducted into the Y S Rajasekhara Reddy government in 2004. After the Congress returned to power in 2009, he retained the same quarter.In 2011, after a gap of 18 years, the deputy chief minister post was revived to appease the Telangana agitators. Higher education minister Damodar Raja Narasimha sworn in as the deputy CM in June last, but he preferred to stay at the quarter No 30 due to Vasthu sentiment.Soon after he became Dy CM, he asked his peshi to send a requisition to the General Administration Department (Accom) for an additional quarter. \"As the stream of visitors to meet the Dy CM is growing by the day, we felt an additional quarter will be required to accommodate visitors. In this regard, we sent a letter to GAD five months ago requesting them to allot quarter No. 14, which has been vacant for the past three years,\" the Dy CM's officer-on-special duty R Venugopal told STOI.Despite several reminders, the GAD officials claim the \"file is under circulation\". Till date, there was no response from them, he added.When contacted, GAD-Accom deputy secretary Raziuddin Shakir said, \"We have sent remarks on the Dy CM's requisition to the chief minister. As per rules, the chief minister has to allot residential quarters to the cabinet ministers. The file is pending with the CM. As and when the CM gives the green signal, we will inform the Dy CM's peshi.\"Earlier, Sambani Chandrasekhar, who served as minister for health and family welfare in the YSR cabinet between 2004 and 09, used to stay at quarter No. 14. With his Assembly constituency Paleru in Khammam district becoming a general seat in the 2009 elections, he vacated the quarter and since then it has been lying vacant, a Roads &amp; Buildings department (R&B;) official said. \"As per our records, quarter Nos. 14,16,23 and 25 are vacant at the ministers' quarters,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11670118", "title": "Ludhiana's labour candidate hopes to win", "text": "LUDHIANA: If democracy is about breaking the mould and rewriting power equations, Seeta Devi can certainly be its poster girl. A daily-wage labourer and seamstress hailing from Bihar, she is hopeful of winning as an independent candidate from South Ludhiana constituency. That's her firm belief even though she doesn't know the exact name of her seat. Seeta lives in a small house in Bihari Colony of Ludhiana. She has become a VIP in the eyes of her neighbours, who are also labourers, as she has been given a security guard because of her candidacy.She goes canvassing with a team of women from the locality. Some times, her neighbour Jatin lends his autorickshaw for the campaign. Rickshaw-puller Gultan also spares some time for Seeta's electioneering. Her supporters have been funding her according to their limited means. \"Wo dumdham se election ladate hain aur hum garibi main (They contest election with fanfare and we do so with our poverty),\" said Seeta, while referring to candidates who had better resources available to them.What did she feel about possible poll results? \"Thoda dar bhi lagta hai par jeet ka honsla hai (I am apprehensive. But I also feel sure about winning). I am not getting support just from people hailing from Bihar. Even Punjabis have extended their support to me,\" she added. However, not many rate her chances of winning highly. When asked about her reason for contesting, she said, \"We used to go to politicians to seek help for even small tasks. I had no money to pay fees for my children, who studied in a government school. I met Satpal Gosain, who wrote a letter and my children could get admission. I want to help the poor in the same way,\" she said.One son of hers is matriculate and works as a marketing executive, while the other has finished his Bcom. Her husband Raghunath Singh said they had a tough time when they came here in 1970 from Madhubani district of Bihar. \"I used to earn just Rs 2 daily as a labourer,\" he stated.To help her husband, Seeta started stitching clothes. \"I earn Rs 50 in a day. I charge Rs 10 to stitch a petticoat and Rs 20 for a blouse,\" she mentioned. She is in her early 60s and constructing a small room to run a sewing centre so girls from the neighbourhood can take vocational training from her. Her poll symbol is also a sewing machine.Seeta also breaks bricks in the day to use those for levelling the floor of her under-construction room. She claimed she had toured her entire constituency.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "11675906", "title": "Uttarakhand goes to polls tomorrow", "text": "DEHRADUN: The stage is all set for the Assembly elections in Uttarakhand tomorrow to elect 70 members to the Vidhan Sabha as tight security arrangements have been made to ensure free and fair polls.More than 63 lakh electorates are expected to exercise their franchise in the elections in which the ruling BJP is locked in a close fight with the Congress.Polling parties have reached their destinations in high-altitude and remote areas, state's Chief Electoral Officer Radha Raturi said.With electioneering for the Assembly elections coming to an end last evening, most of the candidates today remained busy in door-to-door campaigning.A total of 788 candidates are trying their luck with BJP and Congress both contesting all the 70 seats.The star campaigners from both the parties crisscrossed the hill state during the electioneering to boost fortunes of their candidates.With the EC strongly enforcing the model code of conduct to check money power, the cacophony of the electioneering was missing this time.Stating that elaborate arrangements have been made for the smooth conduct of polling, Raturi said the poll personnel deployed in high-altitude areas have been provided with sleeping bags, snow-boot and jackets.An Indian Air Force helicopter has also been stationed at Sarsawa for rescue purpose to meet any eventuality, she said.Assembly Elections 2012 NewsUttarakhand Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11670208", "title": "Eye on pet welfare, city to get new laws in 10 days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Next time you visit a pet shop and find improper arrangements/treatment with the animal, you can immediately inform the UT administration for action against the owner.With a view to keeping an eye on the mushrooming of pet shops and to ensure that pets are supplied adequate food and water, not sold at a tender age and without licence, Chandigarh administration has decided to implement the Pet Shop Rules, 2010, in city. With this, Chandigarh will be the first city in country to implement the said rules.Confirming the development, UT joint director (animal husbandry) Dr Lavlesh Kant Gupta told TOI on Saturday that Chandigarh administration has nominated the animal husbandry as nodal agency for the implementation of rules. He added that the department would prepare the guidelines of rules within 10 days and thereafter it would be notified for implementation. He also added that once notified, Chandigarh would become role model in country for implementing these rules.A meeting for implementation of rules was held on Friday by UT administration in which various NGOs of city, including Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI), Society for Prevention of Cruelty against Animal (SPCA), People for Animals (PFA), and the officials of municipal corporation (MC) Chandigarh. NGOs would assist the administration in strict implementation of rules. As of now there was no deterrent law specific to ensure humane handling and comfort to animals in pet shops.Member of Animal Welfare Board of India and eminent veterinarian of city, Dr J C Kochar, said though it is delayed move, it's a good start to eliminate the cruelty to animals in the city and would also end the hazardous breeding of pets for making fast money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11668551", "title": "Actresses used acting skills to dupe men", "text": "BANGALORE: Central Crime Branch police arrested a couple and two Kannada TV serial actresses for alleged involvement in human trafficking. They were arrested in their HSR Layout house on Saturday.R Krishnamurthy, 63, his wife K Saroja alias Sushma, 50, both residents of 7th Sector, HSR Layout as well as actors B Anita, 35, of Bilekalli in Bannerghatta Road and Deekshita Shivanna, 24, of Tiptur.Krishnamurthy and Saroj were running the racket in their house on 20th Cross, 9th Main. Saroja reportedly brought many TV serial and movie actresses to her house for cultural get-togethers, particularly over weekends.\"One of their neighbours informed police about the illegal activities. Sometime ago, Krishnamurthy is said to have hired goons to threaten the locals who dared question the racket. Anita and Deekshita would befriend men who approached them at shooting spots and other places,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11669517", "title": "Over 1,650 students get degrees, 89 receive medals", "text": "KANPUR: The 26th convocation ceremony of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University was held on Saturday. More than 1,650 students have got degrees and 89 received medals. Some, 405 PhD degrees were awarded while two students got DLit.Faiz Fatima, a student of MA in DG College, got maximum medals and hogged limelight. Faiz was also awarded the Vice-chancellor's gold medal in arts stream and best student of all faculties and best girl student.Other gold medal winners of science and commerce stream were Nupur Agarwal and Ankita Tondon. They got Vice-chancellor's gold medal in the science and commerce respectively.As many as 11 students were selected for Vice-chancellor's gold medals. These are Prashant Bhadauria of BSc agriculture, Ramil Kumar Gupta of law, Raomi Mishra for MEd degree and Vivek Dalela of MPhil.Aditi Tiwari of MSc environment science, Versha Prasad of MBA, Rohit Roy for MBBS degree, Vini Gupta for BTech also got Vice-chancellor's award.Swati Mehrotra, Shweta Gupta, Anusuaiya Verma, Neetu Shakya, Pankaj Shukla, Nidhi Chauhan and Shiksha Mishra were declared as the top six students of BA. Nupur Agarwal and Preeti Tripathi were the top two students of BSc.The toppers of BCom were Ankita Tondon and Shriyansh Jain. Prashant Singh Bhaudauria and Sameer Singh were declared as top two students of BSc agriculture.Ramil kumar, Deepali Srivasta were the best students of LLB. Beer Singh and Rakesh kumar were best in BEd. Shinkey arora, Richa Athwani and Akhilesh Kumar were awarded vice-chancellor's bronze medals in MCom, MSc (zoology) and MSc (horticulture).DLit was awarded to Neeru Tondon in English literature and Pushpa Yadav in Sanskrit. However, maximum number of PhD degrees were given to the students of Sanskrit. More than 40 PhDs were given in Hindi literature. Economics, geography and political science also remained the choice of PhD students.In science, the maximum research scholars have chosen botany and chemistry as their research topics. Education training and commerce also hogged the limelight.As many as 46 special awards were given to students who have performed well in their respective fields and subjects in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jamalpur", "code": "11669323", "title": "Bollywood dream keeps Himanshi busy", "text": "JAMALPUR: Himanshi Khurana, 20, has been living her life on wheels as she juggles shooting schedules for movies and music videos, photo shoots for advertisements and a course in hospitality and aviation. A familiar face in the city, Himanshi is now looking forward to the release of her first Bollywood project in March as an initial step towards her ultimate dream of making it big in the industry.\"I have acted in six south Indian movies, including two Kannada, two Tamil, one in Telugu and in Malayalam. I have also done advertisements for mobiles, beauty products and apparel,\" she said.Himanshi said she started modelling at the age of 16 when she won the Miss Ludhiana Contest, organized by Nritiya Academy. \"After that I contested for Miss PTC Punjabi in 2010 and was among the finalists. In the same year I also won Miss North Zone contest organized in Chandigarh. There has been no looking back since then.\"Himanshi said her mother Suneet Kaur has been a strong motivation and her mentor Parmod Sharma has helped her reach thus far. \"Now, I am working hard and hoping to make my way into a big banner Bollywood movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669039", "title": "Anna Hazare coming to Delhi today for medical check-up", "text": "NEW DELHI: With his ill health a continuing cause for concern, activist Anna Hazare will come to Delhi for a thorough medical examination, and will be admitted to Medanta Medicity on Sunday. The decision to seek further medical care was taken after it was found that Anna had still not completely recovered after a month's treatment.The activist will travel to Jindal Naturecare Institute in Bangalore on January 31, where he is likely to be stay for about 10 days.Anna had called off his fast on December 28 in Mumbai and had been admitted to Pune's Sancheti Hospital with viral fever and chest infection. He has since been convalescing in his native village, Ralegaon Siddhi. Sources said that Team Anna members were worried about the amount of heavy medication that Anna was under, and have sought another opinion.An aide also expressed concern over the strong antibiotics that had been administered. ``We hope that side-effects from the strong drugs and other neglected issues will be addressed in the next fortnight,'' a source said.\"He will stay in Medanta for two days, and then will be shifted to Jindal Naturecare Institute of Bangalore,\" he added.Anna's continued weakness and lack of energy has put paid to Team Anna's plans to travel in poll-bound states to create awareness about the Lokpal bill. The activists have already cancelled their second phase of their travel to Kotdwar, Ranikhet and Almora. A Team Anna member said, ``We were forced to cancel plans for other rallies in Uttarakhand as we did not get permission. We will now go to Uttar Pradesh in the coming weeks.''Team Anna members, including Prashant Bhushan, Kiran Bedi, Kumar Vishwas and Manish Sisodia, will be addressing rallies in UP in the next three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11670357", "title": "Ambedkar statue will only be shifted temporarily: DVS", "text": "MANGALORE: Even as the government's decision to shift Dr Ambedkar's statue from Vidhana Soudha premises has evoked objections from various corners, especially from Karnataka Dalit Sangharsh Samiti (DSS), chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Saturday promised that \"the statue will be re-installed at the same spot on the Vidhana Soudha premises after the completion of Metro Rail work.\"\"Ambedkar's statue will have to be shifted temporarily as the design of Metro passes through that spot. The government will re-install the statue at the same spot after the completion of Metro work. Arrangements have been made in this regard. Also, the cabinet has taken a decision to remove the statue temporarily and in a careful manner,\" Gowda told reporters here on Saturday.It may be recalled that DSS had threatened to launch a statewide protest, condemning the government for giving its nod to shift the statue for Metro work. Members of various backward classes, led by DSS, had taken out a march from Mahatma Gandhi statue on MG Road to Raj Bhavan in Bangalore, protesting the government's decision. They also submitted a memorandum to governor H R Bhardwaj, urging him to direct the government not to shift the statue.The cabinet gave the green signal for temporary shifting of the statue inside the Vidhan Soudha premises as has been done to two other statues by the public works department. Meanwhile, Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd also promised to install the three statues at the same positions after the Metro work.\"We have already discussed the issue and a study was also conducted through social welfare department. Metro rail is essential for Bangalore city, which is developing fast. Hence, we will have to shift Ambedkar statute temporarily,\" the CM added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chicago/panaji", "code": "11670147", "title": "Goan dies in US jail after hunger strike", "text": "CHICAGO/PANAJI: Lyvita Gomes, 52, who was being held at a Chicago jail for allegedly failing to show up for jury duty, died in custody after a 15-day hunger strike. The former airline trainer for Delta Airlines , died in Lake County Jail on January 3, according to the Chicago Tribune .Funeral arrangements for Gomes, a native of Goa, were earlier delayed until her relatives arrived from the UK , Alfredo Miranda, owner of Miranda Funeral Services, was quoted as saying.Speaking to STOI on Saturday, Gomes' brother Oydsteven said, \"I haven't been able to come to terms with the fact that my sister is no more. All I can tell you right now is that the funeral will take place on February 1 in Illinois.\"Gomes was held after she ignored a jury summons last summer. As a non-citizen, she was not even eligible to serve on a jury, but ignoring the summons started a chain of events that brought her to the Lake County jail in December 2011. She was charged with resisting arrest in October 2011 after a deputy showed up at her door as ordered by a judge so that she could explain her absence.Federal immigration officials said Gomes got a US visa in 2004, and her friends said she moved to Atlanta to work at Delta headquarters.Gomes, who lived in a Vernon Hills Hotel for the last two years, did not show up for two more court hearings, and once again a judge ordered her arrest. On December 14, 2011, Vernon Hills' police brought her to the County Jail.After medical staff determined on December 29 that Gomes' life was in danger, she was transferred to Waukegan's Vista Medical Center East, where she died five days later.Representatives of Lake County United, a coalition of religious institutions that works on social justice issues, are questioning Gomes' treatment. In consultation with Oydsteven, they have sought information about everything from her medical care to the rationale behind her jury duty arrest, the paper said.Gomes grew up in Mumbai, and her brother described her as optimistic, helpful and high-achieving. She took a job as a PanAm flight attendant in 1986. Oydsteven wrote in an email: \"I do not know if this is a failure of the prison system or a careless culture and attitude towards individuals whatever their circumstance. I do not wish (the inquiry) to be a matter of reprisals but more a matter of learning the truth so that attitudes can change.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11670144", "title": "Youth poses as Armyman for girlfriend, lands in jail", "text": "SHIMLA: To impress his married girlfriend, a youth donned the olive green on Republic Day and had almost tricked the cops but saluting the sub divisional magistrate that too without wearing a cap exposed his motive while landing him in jail.Nand Kumar, a resident of Maniyar village in upper Lambagraon, Jaisinghpur tehsil in Kangra district, had studied till Class 12 only. He was working with a private contractor in Leh town of Ladakh region. After procuring a second-hand uniform, the accused camouflaged himself as a captain on reaching his native place. But his slight lapse landed him in police lock-up.Cops said that the accused was in love with a girl, who used to tell him that she would marry him if he becomes an army major or captain. After the girl got married to someone else, Nand Kumar tried to woo her by sporting the army uniform.He boarded a flight from Leh, reached his native place where he posed as an army officer on a secret mission, and sought the help of local police authorities to nab the army deserters.Lambagraon police station, SHO, Chaman Lal said the man's activities raised suspicion over his claim. He said during conversation, Nand Kumar could not tell them about his senior officers.\"When he saluted SDM without wearing a cap, it was established that he was an impersonator as those in belt force do not salute their superiors without cap,\" said the SHO.A case under Sections 140, 170, 171 of IPC has been registered against the accused. On Saturday, he was produced in a court at Baijnath for police remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11672575", "title": "Garhwa villagers accuse police of playing foul after Bhandaria blasts", "text": "RANCHI: Villagers of Barghar panchayat in Garhwa district have accused police of playing foul and picking up innocent people in a case related to last Saturday's Bhandaria landmine blast in which 13 policemen were killed.Addressing media under a banner of the Jharkhand Bachao Andolan here on Saturday, the villagers said that police had detained five persons, released one among them, arrested two and the rest two are missing. Sheru Kerketta, father of Budhlal Kerketta (25), who is missing from the day of incident said that his son and his friend Mahfuz Ansari are students of GLA College in Daltongunj and were detained by police before the landmine blast occurred.\"While Anu Lakra was released by police on January 25, two others - Ramdas Minj and Fida Hussain - were shown arrested the same day - four days after the incident,\" Kerketta said, adding that his son and Mahfuz have been missing since the last seven days. Demanding immediate release of Ramdas, his wife Sunita Kerketta said that he was innocent and had no links with the Maoists.Another villager, Sanatan Tigga of Bhandaria, said that all the five were arrested for the first time at 7 am on January 21, around five hours before the blast. \"Police came to the spot where we were sitting to protest against change in the construction site of a health sub-centre from Mahuatikar village to Bazar Samiti premises and detained five people to know their intent,\" Tigga said, adding that soon all were released to attend the programme. \"Police arrested them once again after the blast and started beating them,\" he said.Another villager, James Tirkey, who has donated around 2.5 acres of land for construction of a community centre in the village, said that there was no need to bring the men in uniform from Bhandaria police station as the dharna was being staged close to a picket of Jharkhand Armed Police (JAP) where more than 150 jawans were permanently stationed. Raising doubt over the middlemen who went against the gram sabha decision to construct a health sub-centre at Mahuatikar, Tirkey accused Major of the picket, Dinbandhu Yadav, of being hand in gloves with the middlemen.\"Apparently, they were waiting for some mishap to occur and rushed to arrest all those who were active in protesting forceful change in construction site,\" he alleged. However, Garhwa SP Michael S Raj said that only two persons were arrested in connection with the Saturday blasts. \"We detained five persons but had released three in presence of some of the villagers details of which are available with the police,\" he said, stressing that they would soon release the list of villagers in whose presence others were released.Appealing to the Maoists to release Garhwa district council chairperson Sushma Mehta's bodyguard Sunesh Ram unconditionally, the villagers have also demanded release of innocent villagers and construction of the health sub-centre at Mahuatikar village where basic ground work is already complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "morigaon (assam)", "code": "11675446", "title": "12,000 birds spotted in Pobitora wildlife sanctuary", "text": "Morigaon (Assam): More than 12 thousand birds of 26 species have been spotted in Assam's Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary during a week-long census, Forest officials said today.The Assam Forest Department and prominent environmental organisation, 'Aarayank' conducted a week-long census which concluded today, Sanctuary's Ranger Mukul Tamuly said.The birds include about 5,000 migratory while the remaining 7,000 belonged to local species. The migratory birds include more than hundred Siberian cranes.The census was conducted by 40 people belonging to both the forest department and Aaranyak. The sanctuary is famed for the highest density of one-horned rhino per square kilometre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11669591", "title": "Teenager ends life", "text": "KANPUR: A 15-year-old girl allegedly committed suicide by setting herself ablaze on Saturday morning in Darshanpurwa locality in Fazalganj. She was identified as Ritika alias Shilpi, daughter of Awdhesh Kumar. The police are trying to ascertain what caused the girl to resort to the extreme step. No suicide note has been recovered. The deceased was a class XI student of a public school.\"We received a call about the incident. Neighbours rushed to the spot after her younger brother raised an alarm but she had died by then. We have sent the body for postmortem and are investigating the matter. The body will be handed over to the family after the autopsy,\" said a police officer.At the time of the incident, the girl's parents were not at home and her younger brother was playing outside the house.Meanwhile, police have identified the deceased whose body was found on Friday in Panki Canal. The victim has been identified as Manoj Gupta (32), a resident of Panki. Police said the victim was first murdered and then his body thrown into canal by his assailants. \"The deceased was working as a loader driver. We are taking the statements of his friends with whom he was last spotted,\" said investigating officer of Panki police station.Family members of the deceased told police that he was into an illicit relationship and had been receiving calls from an unknown woman. Manoj had been missing since January 23. A complaint was filed on January 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11668273", "title": "Probe into PU, MU affairs resented", "text": "PATNA: The recent action of the state education department in setting up two separate inquiry committees to probe the alleged irregularities in the working of Magadh and Patna universities has raised the eyebrows of academics.By instituting inquiries into the affairs of the two universities, the government is not only trying to undermine the autonomy of the universities but also encroaching upon the jurisdiction of the chancellor, they observed.Describing the state government's decision as an infringement of the university autonomy, Patna University Retired Teachers' Association general secretary and Federation of University Service Teachers' Association former general secretary S K Ganguli said that the education department has transgressed its jurisdiction by ordering an inquiry into the affairs of Patna and Magadh universities. How can the proceedings of the university selection committee, which enjoys the same powers as the Bihar Public Service Commission or the erstwhile Bihar State University (Constituent Colleges) Service Commission, be inquired into by bureaucrats. Moreover, an official of lower rank cannot conduct an inquiry against an official of higher rank, he said.Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar working president K B Sinha said that the government has no power to directly order an inquiry against the vice-chancellor or any other official of the university. For any such action, the government will have to write to the chancellor who can order an inquiry into the matter. The chancellor will send a copy of the inquiry committee report to the state government, he said.Sinha cited the recent inquiry against Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University VC K N Dubey in which the inquiry was ordered by the chancellor and subsequently, a report of the inquiry committee was sent to the state government before taking action against the VC. This procedure should have been followed in other cases too, he said.He said the university Acts provide that the governor of Bihar shall be the chancellor and shall, by virtue of his office, be the head of the university and president of the senate. The chancellor shall have the powers to inspect a university, its buildings, laboratories, workshops and equipments, any college or hostel, the teaching or examinations conducted, or any act of the university, and to get such inspection done by such person or persons who may be directed by him. Hence, except in financial matters, the state government is not empowered to interfere in the working of the universities, Sinha added.Meanwhile, a section of senior teachers of Patna University, at a meeting held here on Saturday under the presidentship of Khagendra Kumar, condemned the institution of an inquiry against PU VC and decided to launch a campaign against the state government which, they alleged, was striving hard to erode the university autonomy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11669051", "title": "State cops launch first operation against Maoists", "text": "JORHAT: Two days after police had an encounter with the Maoists in the Silapathar area of Dhemaji district, security forces launched the first operation against red rebels in several parts of the district on Saturday. Police said some Maoists have taken refuge in the district to carry out anti-social activities.SP (Dhemaji) Priyaranjan Konwar said, \"We have some specific inputs that some Maoists have taken shelter in Silapather, Sungajan and its adjoining areas the district. Security forces launched an operation in the district to arrest them but no one has been arrested so far.\"He added, \"According to records available with us, there are seven Maoist cadres in the district who are trying to launch a recruitment drive here to strengthen their force. We are maintaining strict vigil and security forces have been directed to carry out raids from time to time.\"On Thursday, an encounter between Maoists and police took place at Athkai Nahorani village in the Silapathar area of the district. Acting on a tip-off, police launched an operation at the residence of a Maoist cadre in the area. But another cadre, who was inside the house at that time, fired at police. Police also fired two rounds in retaliation. But the cadre managed to escape in the cover of darkness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11668382", "title": "Bihar big leap towards 'power'", "text": "PATNA: \"Bihar has attempted a big leap today towards self-sufficiency in power generation,\" said chief minister Nitish Kumar after he broke a coconut and laid the foundation stone of a 1980MW thermal power project at Shivanpur in Aurangabad district on Saturday.The Nabinagar Power Generating Company Pvt Ltd project, a joint venture of NTPC and Bihar State Electricity Board, is to be completed at an estimated cost of Rs 12,965 crore. It will have three units with capacity to generate 660MW each in the first phase likely to be commissioned by 2015. The mega project requires 2,833 acres of land at the site, including 1,872 acres of private land.Addressing a gathering on the occasion, the CM referred to the land acquisition hiccups that sort of delayed work on the project and said each displaced person would be rehabilitated and the farmers whose land has been acquired would get compensation at the rate of Rs 21 lakh per acre.The CM said by December 31, 2009, and the company received necessary sanction from different ministries. But the land acquisition process faced stumbling blocks as the issues raised by the affected farmers were not understood. \"During my Seva Yatra in Aurangabad, I paid a surprise visit to the region and had a first-hand feel of the problems the farmers foresaw,\" he said and added he later sent JD-U leader Dr L B Singh to talk to the farmers and invite them for talks to Patna.After the completion of the first phase, the CM said, two more units of 660MW each would be installed for which a memorandum of understanding had already been signed with NTPC. \"Bihar will get 70% of the power generated at this thermal station,\" he said and added more such projects would be initiated provided there was availability of land.\"We should take a pledge to extend full cooperation to power generation in the state and write a new history of Bihar's progress. More power generation will bring jobs, factories and prosperity,\" he said and asked the NTPC to complete the project in time.State energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav presided over the function which was also attended by Bihar power board chairman P K Rai and NTPC's project director B P Singh who said the project will have 50:50 partnership of Bihar and NTPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668380", "title": "Hazare may go to Delhi or Bangalore", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare will either go to Bangalore or Delhi on Sunday for treatment of persistent cough and backache and avoid a steady stream of visitors.Speaking to TOI from Ralegan Siddhi, Hazare's associate Datta Awari said, \"Anna himself decided to shift from Ralegan Siddhi. He will decide where he would go and has tickets for both - Bangalore and Delhi. Anna will leave Ralegan Siddhi around 8 am to take a morning flight from Pune's Lohegaon airport. He will decide about the destination only in the morning.\"Awari said Hazare needed rest after his discharge from Pune's Sancheti hospital on January 9 , but could not get it in the village.\"There has been a steady stream of visitors since he came back and he could not get any rest. His cough and backache persist. Anna wishes to take some ayurvedic treatment,\" he said. Awari said the Gandhian has started feeling the side-effects of regular fasting.Awari said if Hazare decides to go to Delhi he will head to Medanta Medicity in Gurgaon where noted cardiologist Naresh Trehan had treated him after his 12-day fast in August last year. \"However, if he goes to Bangalore, we don't know which location he will choose,\" he said. Hazare also thought about heading to Haridwar for some rest but later decided on either Delhi or Bangalore.On Saturday evening, Hazare attended the wedding of Ralegan Siddhi sarpanch Jaisingh Mapari's daughter. \"But he was there only for about 15 minutes to bless Mapari's daughter,\" Awari said.Hazare was earlier admitted to Pune's Sancheti hospital on December 31 for treatment of chest congestion and weakness after ending his Mumbai fast on December 28 and was discharged on January 9.Hazare had returned to Ralegan Siddhi to rest for a month, on the advice of his doctors. He also decided not to tour the five states that will be going to polls in February-March.Orthopaedic surgeon Parag Sancheti, who has been treating Hazare, had asked the activist not to undertake any more fasts.Hazare had been advised to concentrate on his health and eat well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11669535", "title": "Governor blesses topper", "text": "KANPUR: Faiz Fatima, recipient of Chancellor's Gold and Silver medals, a student of Dayanand Girls Degree College, expressed happiness on her achievements.She bagged five medals and got an opportunity to receive these medals from governor BL Joshi. The governor applauded the performance of the girl and blessed her to continue to do well in the years to come. She thanked her mother and principal for the immense support rendered to her in her studies.\"Faiz had been a bright student since her school days and she has been doing well throughout,\" said her sister. who had come to attend the convocation ceremony.Daughter of Late Abbas Mehdi Navqi and Amina Begum, Faiz Fatima supported the fact that girls of the Muslim community should be provided education. She mentioned that she would like to spread knowledge and education among the people of her community.She said that women are no way behind men and even surpass them in some spheres. Islam gives immense respect and dignity to women.Faiz said that she would be pursuing PhD.She said that she has a voter ID card and cast her vote for the first time and added that every individual should vote for candidates having clean image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11669669", "title": "Food grain traders call off strike", "text": "JAIPUR: The three-day strike of food grain traders abruptly ended on its second day on Saturday when the state government assured the protesting traders of conveying their demands to the Centre.Traders in the entire state opened their shops and normalcy was restored in the food grain markets.The traders in the state had gone on strike, which was supposed to continue till Sunday, against the Food Safety and Standards (FSS) Act 2006 implemented in the state recently. Under the Act, the food grain traders have to procure license from the medical, health and family welfare department at an exorbitant fees. The traders were protesting against the licensing policy.The Rajasthan Khadya Padarth Vyapar Sangh (RKPVS) office bearers met chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Saturday to tell him their demands.Since, the FSS Act was introduced by the Centre, the state government wrote to the Centre about the demands of traders. \"The CM has directed principal secretary, health, to write to the Centre regarding our demands. Since the state government has written to Centre, we have decided to call off our strike,\" RKPVS president Babu Lal Gupta said.Though the traders have called off the strike but have decided not to give up protest and plan to intensify their agitation against the FSS Act. \"This is a national issue so the national traders' meet of Bhartiya Udhyog Vyapar Mandal will be held in February to take up the issue,\" Gupta added.The RKPVS claimed that they went on strike just to send a message to traders in other states to raise their voice against the licensing policy under the Act.The RKPVS officials said under the Act, the oil mills have to procure license from Delhi. They demanded that the provisions should be made for traders to procure licenses at state, district and tehsil levels.Because of the strike around Rs 8,000 crore business was affected in the state on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11676376", "title": "\u2018Concept of human rights is not of European origin\u2019", "text": "PATNA: Under the joint auspices of the Kashi Prasad Jayaswal Research Institute and Patna Museum, Subhas Sharma, joint secretary, defence ministry, delivered a lecture on 'Evolution of the concept of human rights' on Sunday.Speaking on the occasion, Sharma said, \"It is incorrect to say that the idea of human rights is a European innovation, originating in the French Revolution.\"Quoting extensively from Rig Veda, Atharva Veda, Buddhist and Jains texts, he said that the Indian tradition was very much alive to the idea of human rights. Sharma stated that King Ashoka, through his policy of 'dhamma', and Akbar, through his religion of 'Din-e-Ilahi', championed different kinds of human rights.He further said that in the European context, the French Revolution of 1789 and Russian Revolution of 1917 played a major role in furthering the cause of human rights.Earlier, Bijoy Kumar Chaudhary, director of the institute, welcomed the guests while Anant Ashutosh Dwivedi, an official of Patna Museum, proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11669627", "title": "Nashik East division of the civic body starved of recreational facilities and open spaces: Residents", "text": "NASHIK: The people living in the Nashik East division of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) have been dealing with the lack of recreational facilities in the area. The open spaces that exist have been earmarked for the construction of community halls, study centres or vyayam shalas (gyms). Open spaces are losing their importance as construction there (albeit by the NMC) is depriving children of playgrounds and compelling them to divert their energy to computer games.Sixteen sports teachers living in this division had proposed the organization of sports activities for the people here, but that was neither supported by the corporators nor the NMC.The Nashik East division, comprising prabhag numbers 26 to 31, 38 to 41, 52, 53 and 54, is a mix of areas where the first five prabhags are in densely populated old city areas, while the others are developing hubs of the city. The densely populated areas of the city do not have open spaces. The only respite is the Bhalekar high school ground, Yashwant Vyayamshala or Chhatrapati Shivaji Stadium. \"Youngsters have no option than to waste their time at kattas (street-side stalls). Their productivity is hampered,\" Prashant Pardeshi, a local resident said, stressing the need for open spaces for the younger generation.The prabhags after no. 38 are developing ones, and the open spaces there are mostly used for the construction of buildings. \"Community halls are often controlled by the corporators, while vyayam shalas are constructed and forgotten. The one in Yogakshem Colony at Rane Nagar is mostly ignored. Corporators seem to have constructed them only to gain mileage from them,\" said Vandana Patil. To tackle this issue, a group of nearly 16 physical training teachers, employed in various schools but living in this division, had attempted to bring in a change. In the year 2004-05 they had formed a group called the Indira Nagar Yuvak Kala Krida Ani Sanskritik Mandal. Their plan was to conduct sports activities regularly for children in areas across the division.\"We were ready to spend our time and requested corporators from many wards to help out with the project,\" said PT teacher Prabhakar Suryawanshi. The group had then conducted a 10-day camp at the Guru Gobind Singh School ground and it received an overwhelming response.\"We had planned to get some open spaces converted into stadium structures, which would also help us get some rooms for indoor games and functions. There are many open spaces measuring an acre or more. That space would have been sufficient for us to conduct sports like kho-kho, volley ball, athletics, kabaddi, table tennis, carrom, etc.,\" Sharad Gite, PT teacher and headmaster of a school said.Sachin Kulkarni, a resident of prabhag 40, has been running Ajay Mitra Mandal for the last 20 years at Indira Nagar. \"We organize a 20-day camp every year for the children. But that alone will not help. What we have to ensure is that the children play almost every day so that they stay healthy,\" Kulkarni said, whose wife is planning to contest the upcoming civic polls on an MNS ticket.Surekha Patil, a national level handball player, roller skating expert Savita Bulange, Sanjay Patil, Chandrakant Bhagyawant, Prashant Bhabad are some of the members of the group of PT teachers.\"We want the NMC to take care of the infrastructure for the project, which can be done through the corporators. The work of the corporators is not restricted to only getting roads constructed and pipes laid, but also includes planning for additional infrastructure for the benefit of the residents in the area,\" Suryawanshi added.The group had presented its plans to the corporation through a number of corporators and followed it up for two years. However, the plan didn't materialize. They hope that the corporators elected in the forthcoming elections will pay attention to the requirements of the citizens in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11670218", "title": "Power cuts to continue 2-3 weeks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The scheduled power cuts in Chandigarh are likely to continue for two-three weeks due to technical snags at various central power generation plants such as Chamera-1, Anta, Bhakra, and Sangrauli.Sources at the UT electricity wing said the city loses around 26,000 megawatts electricity every day, thus the scheduled power cuts are being imposed in the residential and industrial areas.Discussing the issue, superintending engineer M P Singh told TOI: \"We have made a formal announcement regarding the continuation of scheduled cuts.\"The unstable power situation has adversely affected functioning of the government offices and businesses. Sources at the birth and death registration office of the municipal corporation said, \"There is no supply in the peak hours from 3pm to 4pm. Our office is often crowded with applicants and work delays are common.\"In the meantime, administrative sources said, \"Chandigarh is a small city and we buy power from other places. Whenever a snag develops in power plants elsewhere, the city is always affected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11670013", "title": "Cops turn 'shrinks' for snatching victims", "text": "PANCHKULA: Police here have adopted a new way to dismiss complaints of snatchings. They dub the complainants mentally disturbed or suffering from depression and add that the crime was imaginary. As cops play psychiatrists, complainants and city residents say this is just a new way for them to avoid responsibility.\"It was a month ago when two unidentified youths snatched my wife's gold chain near Sector-9 market. She was in a state of shock after the incident and when we approached Sector 10 police post, the officer in-charge said my wife is mentally disturbed,\" said Vinod Dua, a resident of Sector 9.He added, \"They said that my wife was concocting the story despite their being injuries on her neck.\"Seven snatchings were reported in December and in connection with five incidents, cops termed complainants mentally unfit, abnormal and depressed.Shilpa Dogra from Sector 25 asked, \"Do these policemen have degrees in psychology? How can they assess whether someone is mentally unfit?\" She added, \"In fact, they are the ones who have to investigate the case and this is the easiest way for them to weaken the case.\"Panchkula Sector 8 resident Ram Avtar said his wife's purse was snatched by two unidentified youths a month ago. \"When we approached the police, the in-charge said my wife must have kept her purse somewhere. She may be unwell and is cooking up the snatching story, he added. I thought of contacting the higher authorities, but was afraid of these policemen,\" said Ram Avtar.Rishipal Garg of Sector 25 said this was cops' way of shirking responsibility. \"They know they would have to investigate the case. By doing this, they are able to avoid work easily,\" said Garg.ACP Iqbal Kaur said, \"Police personnel may say this when the complainant is dazed and confused about what happened. But if this is happening in other cases also, people should approach me. I would look into problems they face.\"Mental issuesDecember 3 | A gold chain was allegedly snatched from Pushpa, 60, of Sector 10, Panchkula outside her house. ASI Surjeet Singh, who was suspended recently, at the time said, \"What was need for this old woman to wear a gold chain? She is mentally disturbed.\"December 7: Purse snatched from Anita, wife of Ram Avtaar of Sector 8, Panchkula. The officer in charge said, \"The lady is not well. She might have misplaced it herself.\"December 14: Chain was snatched from Old Panchkula resident Vinita, while boarding a bus. Police post in charge explained the crime saying she had suffered a fit.December 21: Kawanljeet of Sector 21, alleged he was robbed of his two cellphones and chain. Sector-21 police post in charge said about the incident, \"The complainant is mentally unfit.\"December 28: Two youths on bike snatched a chain from Yogesh Singla in Sector-15 market. Sector-15 police post in charge said, \"The woman appears depressed. Nothing of the sort has happened.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668573", "title": "Celebrating the city\u2019s mangroves", "text": "MUMBAI: Several NGOs like Mangrove Society of India (Maharashtra Chapter) along with Vanashakti, Maharashtra Nature Park and various local bodies will organize nature walks and cleanup of inorganic waste from mangroves on Sunday, in order to celebrate World Wetlands Day, which falls on February 2.The purpose of the walks is to expose the participants to the beauty of some of the wetland areas in the city and the dangers being faced by them. D Stalin of the NGO, Vanashakti, said, \"Since Mumbai is fortunate to have mangroves at various places, it is our duty to protect these coastal forests. That's why we will clean up the dirt from the mangroves in the Bhandup-Mulund area.\"The founder of Young Environmentalists Programme Trust, Elsie Gabriel, added that February 2 marks the anniversary of the signing of the Ramsar Convention in 1971 to which India is a signatory. The Ramsar Convention is an intergovernmental treaty that provides the framework for national action and international cooperation.Mumbai's mangroves and small ponds are threatened by real estate development. A high level of solid and liquid pollution is another threat. \"This year we will hear a proposal for a 36-km road to be built along the western coast of Mumbai which will destroy mangrove patches,\" added Stalin.Gabriel added, \"This year's theme of ecotourism by Ramsar Convention is valuable. Wetland tourism has benefits locally and nationally for people and wildlife, such as stronger economies, sustainable livelihoods, and thriving ecosystems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668872", "title": "Shooting city for web viewers", "text": "MUMBAI: On Saturday morning, a group of 40 Mumbaikars armed with cameras gathered outside the Oval Maidan before setting out on a photo-walk to ensure their city is well-represented in the realms of cyberspace where information can be accessed for free.Speaking about the popular free online encyclopaedia, Wikipedia, Nikita Belavate, a student, said, \"Many Wikipedia articles on city landmarks do not have photos. We want to change that.\" Belavate was one of the organizers of the photo scavenger hunt, 'Wikipedia Takes Mumbai', which concluded in the afternoon.At the end of the shoot, the group uploaded over 200 pictures to Wikimedia Commons, the repository of free multimedia files that supplies photos to all Wiki sites. \"We took over 800 photos and will soon upload the others,\" Belavate said.The landmarks photographed included Babulnath Temple, Nehru Science Centre and Bandra Talao. \"We had a list of places like the mint and Arthur Road Jail,\" said Neeraj Pattath, a volunteer photographer. \"For pictures that don't have a mention on the website yet, a new stub can be created with a few lines describing them,\" said Pranav Curumsey, a regular contributor to the site.Financial analyst Anshuman Fotedar, who took pictures of St Thomas Cathedral, INS Vikrant and Yazdani Bakery, said, \"It was a way to learn more about the city and its cultural history.\" For civil engineer Milind Vedpathak, who photographed Kanheri, Mahakali and Mandapeshwar caves, it was a \"campaign to promote a side of Mumbai that wasn't about slums and beggars\".The event was also meant to spread awareness about \"Wiki culture\". \"We helped people set up their Wiki user IDs and showed them how to use Commonist, a tool that lets users upload large number of images,\" said Karthik Nadar, a banking student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11669452", "title": "Antique figurines found in church vault", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Three pieces of antique figurines have been found in an underground vault of an 18th century Catholic church at the coastal hamlet Anjuthengu near here, which was a fortified port of the British East India Company during the colonial era.One of them was a figurine of Virgin Mary in ivory while the other two were woodworks of St Philomena, the church authorities said.The discovery has attracted the attention of historians and conservationists while the parishioners of the St Peter's Ferona Church welcomed it as good augury for the community.The idols were found in the vault during the restoration work of the church's alter. The workers chanced upon the objects when they opened the doors near the altar which led to the opening of the vaults the other day.The figurine of St Mary was believed to have been used by the church during the processions and festivals years back, Church Vicar Fr Anish Fernandes said.Anjuthengu, about 36 km from here, was initially a Dutch-controlled port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "11670567", "title": "'Religions favour harmony between humans, nature'", "text": "KERI: At an inter-religious meeting held in a community hall at Bhironda in Sattari taluka on the eve of the Republic day, speakers highlighted the fact that all religions emphasize the importance of harmonious relationship between human beings and nature.The meet, attended by speakers representing the Hindu, Muslim and Roman Catholic religions, focused on the problem of materialistic attitudes of mankind which weaken human values.Fr Hillario Fernandes, from Pilar society, who has done a study on Hindu holy scriptures entitled 'Narad Bhakti Sutra' at Pune University said, \"All religions aim for enrichment of human beings, and we should work to protect Goa's environment and ecology. Illegal mining, garbage , poverty and various forces which are causing the environmental degradation should be curtailed. We have to respect all the creatures of God and have to make judicious use of the natural resources around us.\"Maulana Akhtar Hasmi from Valpoi said, \"Islam has always given importance to human values and has urged its followers to live in harmony, peace and love. Even after achieving immense progress in the fields of science and technology, human life today is not safe and secure.\"Vishwesh Parab, a social activist from Valpoi, told STOI, \"By organising the multi-religious meet for the last six years, Fr Domnic Alvares, the mission incharge, has helped in building faith and confidence among various communities.\"Fr Inacio Almeida from Bhironda urged people to protect river Mhadei. Maulavi Bashir Muhmad, member of Bhironda village panchayat, Mahanand Rane and villagers from surrounding areas were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668392", "title": "Satara MLA's flat in city burgled", "text": "PUNE: Burglars fled with cash and ornaments totalling Rs 12.5 lakh from the flat belonging to Satara MLA Jaikumar Gore at Magarpatta city in Hadapsar between January 22 and 27.The Hadapsar police said burglars broke the lock of Gore's flat no 303 at Cosmos and decamped with ornaments and Rs 3 lakh in cash from the cupboard. The incident came to light after Gore and his wife Soniya arrived home on Friday evening.Soniya Gore has registered a complaint against unidentified persons under sections 454, 457 and 380 of IPC.Assistant commissioner of police (Wanowrie division) said that the police have received clues and the suspects will be arrested as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11673724", "title": "Filmfare Awards 2011 Nominations", "text": "Since it's inception in 1954, the awards get widely noticed for its sheer star presence and long-standing association with Hindi cinema. This year's Filmfare Awards ceremony will be held at the Film City studio in Mumbai.The hosts of Filmfare are often quirky, cheeky and fun! They amuse the audience with their mad antics. They take healthy digs at their contemporaries and nominees thus keeping everyone glued to their seats.It was Shah Rukh and Saif who got the ball rolling. Soon after, the younger generation took over with Ranbir and Imran playing the perfect hosts. But this year SRK and Ranbir have been paired together to host the 57th Idea Filmfare Awards 2011.With the maximum number of nominations it looks like this year the contest for awards will be between Zoya Akhtar's 'Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara' and Imtiaz Ali's 'Rockstar' have received the maximum number of nominations this year. Have a look at the nominees...Best Film - Delhi Belly; Don 2; No One Killed Jessica; Rockstar; The Dirty Picture; Zindagi Na Milegi DobaraBest Director - Abhinay Deo - Delhi Belly; Farhan Akhtar - Don2; Imtiyaz Ali - Rockstar; Milan Luthria - The Dirty Picture; Raj Kumar Gupta - No One Killed Jessica; Zoya Akhtar - Zindagi Na Milegi DobaraBest Actor Male - Ajay Devgn - Singham; Amitabh Bachchan - Aarakshan; Hrithik Roshan - Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara; Ranbir Kapoor - Rockstar; Salman Khan - Bodyguard; Shahrukh Khan - Don2Best Actress Female - Katrina Kaif - Mere Brother Ki Dulhan; Mahie Gill - Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster; Priyanka Chopra - 7 Khoon Maaf; Vidya Balan - No One Killed Jessica; Vidya Balan - The Dirty PictureBest Actor In A Supporting Role Male - Abhay Deol - Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara; Farhan Akhtar - Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara; Naseeruddin Shah - The Dirty Picture; Pitobash Tripathy - Shor In The City; Vir Das - Delhi BellyBest Actress In A Supporting Role Female - Juhi Chawla - I Am; Kalki Koechlin - Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara; Parineeti Chopra - Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl; Rani Mukerji - No One Killed Jessica; Swara Bhaskar - Tanu Weds ManuBest Music Director - A.R.Rahman - Rockstar; Ram Sampat - Delhi Belly; Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy - Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara; Sohail Sen - Mere Brother Ki Dulhan; Vishal-Shekhar - Ra.OneBest Lyricist - Gulzar - Darling - 7 Khoon Maaf Irshad; Kamil - Nadaan Parindey - Rockstar; Irshad Kamil - Sadda Haq - Rockstar; Javed Akhtar - Senorita - Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara; Vishal Dadlani And Niranjan Iyengar - Chammak Challo - Ra.OneBest Playback Singer Male - Akon And Vishal Dadlani - Chammak Challo - Ra.One; Mohit Chauhan - Jo Bhi Mein - Rockstar; Mohit Chauhan - Sadda Haq - Rockstar; Rahat Fateh Ali Khan - Teri Meri - Bodyguard; Shafqat Amanat Ali - Dildaara - Ra.OneBest Playback Singer Female - Alyssa Mendonsa - Khwabon Ke Parindey - Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara; Harshdeep Kaur - Katiya Karu - Rockstar; Rekha Bhardwaj &amp; Usha Uthup - Darling - 7 Khoon Maaf; Shreya Ghoshal - Teri Meri - Bodyguard; Shreya Ghoshal - Saibo - Shor In The City", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11669199", "title": "Busu Dima festival begins in Dima Hasao", "text": "SILCHAR: Busu Dima, the biggest local festival of Dima Hasao district in Assam, began on Friday and will continue for one week. Despite a chilly Friday morning, the Busu Dima festival, also the post-harvest festival of the Dimasa Kacharis, was celebrated in every town and village of the hill district.Residents of Dimasa-dominated areas in neighbouring Cachar, Karbi Anglong, Nogaon and Dimapur also gathered ib large numbers to join the Baidima, the name of the dazzling Dimasa dance, on the day of their much-vaunted Bihu.In Haflong, cultural events public meetings were organised in different areas where speakers explained the relevance of Busu Dima - 'Busu' means Bihu, while \"Dima\" refers to the Dimasa tribe - for the Dimasa. The festivity is the integral part of society and culture of the Dimasas, they said.The scene on the Borail hill was colourful as the Dimasas celebrated their festival with song and dance. 'Baidima' - as the Dimasas dance forms are known - is a complex art as they depend on instrumental music with no vocals at all. The khram (drum) follows the rhythm of the muri (fife) and that is all the dancers have for cue. Though one may find the music from the muri a touch monotonous, there are variations with noticeable microtones for different dance forms.On February 1, Busu Dima will be centrally organised at the Haflong Town Committee field, where cultural troops from different parts of the Barail range and neighbouring districts will take part. The festival attracts large number of tourists in Haflong, the headquarters of Dima Hasao, and one of the most scenic hill resorts in Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11669163", "title": "GNLA sets conditions to free engineers", "text": "SHILLONG: Setting conditions to free two abducted government engineers, the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) on Saturday demanded a \"convincing reply\" from the Meghalaya government in seven days on the \"poor power connectivity\" in the three impoverished districts of Garo Hills.Heavily armed GNLA rebels on Monday abducted three Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) engineers - Apus Pothmi, Boney Majaw and Marshal R Swer - at gunpoint from their residential quarters in the Rongkhon area, 318 km from here. Swer was later released unharmed.\"Seven days will be given to the Meghalaya government to give us a convincing reply on the poor power connectivity in the interior areas of Garo Hills. The government must answer why there is no power connectivity,\" said Sohan D Shira, the military wing chief of GNLA.\"If the government fails to give a convincing reply to the people of Garo Hills, we will have no option but to take another step,\" Shira added.However, intelligence agencies and the state police believe the engineers were abducted for ransom by the outfit. Several organizations, including the United Democratic Party (UDP), a key member of Meghalaya's United Alliance government, have demanded an immediate release of the engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11672242", "title": "People recall Husain\u2019s sacrifice", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A majlis was organised at Imambara Agha Mehmood in Rani Mandi on Saturday. The entire atmosphere became sombre as the tragedy inflicted on Imam Husain and his faithful 72 companions were revealed to the gathering.Addressing the majlis, Maulana Nayyar Jalalpuri said that if people adopt the teachings advocated by Prophet Mohammad, then there would be no social evils prevailing in the society. He also observed that the evil of dowry in the society would not have been prevalent had the people adopted the Islamic principles. The programme commenced with the recitation of holy Quran. Sozkhani was performed by Janab Faiz Jafri.Later, the adherents of Dast-e-Abbasia performed seenazani and matam. Many poets also recited nauhas in which the tragic scene of sacrifice of Imam Husain and his faithful 72 companions was portrayed. The poets who recited nauhas included Abrar Husain, Bakar Karrar, Mohd Abbas, Arshad Jafri, Abul Hasan Allahabadi and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11675841", "title": "Richa in no hurry for B-Town debut", "text": "For the Mayakkam Enna and Osthe belle, Richa, who is now testing waters in Bengali cinema, with the untitled Bengali remake of Vikramarkadu (the Telugu film which was remade as Siruthai in Tamil), there has been lot of speculations regarding her B-Town debut.Richa, who had walked of out of Susi Ganesh's Hindi remake of Thiruttu Payale, titled Shortcut Romeo, recently clarified all speculations about her's doing an item number for Prabhu Deva's second Hindi flick, Rowdy Rathore, (after Wanted) which again is a Hindi remake of Siruthai.The actress who trashed rumors about the same says, \"Yes, I am in no rush. I want to focus on doing good films first, language is secondary. Quality vs. quantity is my mantra and I wouldn't do just any Bollywood film that comes my way. Would keep my conviction of choosing primarily on role/script.\"\"My aim is to be versatile and keep challenging myself as an actor by trying new roles, working in different genres. Of course, there is also practical planning involved with balancing date in between other film shoots,\" she adds and further quips, \"Will make an announcement directly once I decide.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11670189", "title": "KU to confer D.Litt on Mauritius PM", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Prime Minister of Mauritius, Navin Chandra Ramgoolam, whose forefathers were of Indian origin, will receive honorary D.Litt degree at a convocation at Kurukshetra University here on February 8. President Pratibha Devi Singh Patil will be the chief guest at the function.More than three years after KU had declared the honour, the Mauritius PM has agreed to visit the university. Preparations for the VVIP visit are on full swing in KU and officers have been asked not to take leave until the convocation day. During his visit to KU, the Mauritius PM will be extended warm welcome at various villages, sources said.In a press conference here, Rajya Sabha MP, Dr Ram Prakash, who requested Ramgoolam to come to India at the earliest, during his last year's visit to Mauritius, said, \"Navin Chandra Ramgoolam still considers himself basically an Indian and often cite that his heart lives in India. He had expressed desire to visit villages of the region. Many villages here are keen to welcome him. As such, he will stay for some minutes in about ten villages of Kurukshetra district. Ramgoolam was also keen on culture exchanges so that they could remain in touch with their roots.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11669332", "title": "Visitors throng ToI travel fair", "text": "A two-day travel fair jointly organised by The Times of India and Makemytrip.com began at Hotel India Awadh India here on Saturday. The first day of the event witnessed great footfall, and contended visitors as they found appropriate holiday solutions suiting their needs. Sumit Khanna, a visitor to the travel counselling session said that the session has proved to be really helpful as it saved time usually spent on the research for holidays. There are various packages for all across the globe suiting varied needs of any family. The session will continue on Sunday Hotel India Awadh between 10 am to 5 pm and entry to the fair is absolutely free.Discussion on role of courts: The second day on ongoing three-day north zone regional conference on 'Role of courts in protection of human rights' organised by Allahabad High Court and National Judicial Academy, Bhopal was held at the Institute of Judicial Training and Research, UP, here on Saturday. During the discussions and presentations of judges in open sessions, Justice Kurian Joseph, Chief Justice of Himachal Pradesh High Court, Justice Surya Kant, judge, Punjab and Haryana High Court and Justice Hasnain Masoodi, judge, Jammu and Kashmir High Court delivered their keynote addresses. Topics like the rights of accused prisoners and convicts under the criminal justice administration and role of courts were discussed in the conference.Children display their sports skills: On the occasion of the Republic Day, the Modern School organised its sport's day. A festive spirit was created with a well-decorated playground. The programme started with 100-metre race. The athletic events like 100 metre race, relay race, and back run entertained the onlookers. The celebration continued with grand display of team events like tug-of-war, badminton , and kho-kho. The pyramid formation by the primary children displayed exemplary precision and daredevil techniques. The programme was followed by the prize distribution. The prizes were given to the students for their excellent performance in various events of sports. Vivekanand House was declared the winning team with maximum points in all the sports events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670490", "title": "Is the Christian Art Museum an abandoned child?", "text": "The news about the heist at the Christian Art Museum, Goa, is utterly shocking and scandalous, to say the least. It is an assault on an institution which also happens to be the house of God. More than 72 hours after this unpardonable act, there is still no information about the nature and extent of exact loss of artefacts. Neither is there any statement and explanation from any committee members on this outrageous and deplorable incident.The state administration and most of the media, by and large, are puzzlingly silent on this day-light pilferage which needs to be thoroughly investigated and the culprits brought to book.Meanwhile, the inexplicable silence on the part of authorities, especially the esteemed members of the committee, raises too many misgivings. Was it an incidence of robbery by some outsiders or a planned heist in connivance with someone in the know of things?Some questions that need to be raised are:Is the Christian Art Museum being treated as an abandoned child? Why has the museum management or the committee not given any statement? Why are they not taking any responsibility?Who are the committee members and what are their credentials to run or look after a museum of international repute?Where is the museum inventory and layout? What were the exhibits that went missing or robbed or damaged? Why is the list of heritage artefacts stolen not declared, disclosed or published by the committee to the public?Are the museum exhibits valued? If yes, by who? Are they insured? If yes by which agency?Did the stolen heritage pieces belong to the museum or were they loaned or donated, and by whom? Where is the contract copy and what did it say?Who was responsible for the museum keys? Who locked and secured the keys of the museum and the display cabinets?If it is the security agency, then why were the keys of this institution given to the security guard? Is our priceless heritage at the mercy of migrant guards?What is the name of the security agency used for the museum? Did the management check their credentials?Have we forgotten that it was Manohar Parikar, member of the BJP and the then chief minister of Goa who gave an annual grant of 3,00,000 to the Christian Art Museum towards security?Why was there only one guard (aged 55 years) on duty when the Goa government has given a grant of 3,00,000 a year for security ?Why has the same guard been retained for seven long years and been allowed to get familiar with the museum running and functioning?Does the museum have security sensors or CCTV systems? If yes, where is the footage?Why were strangers allowed to take photographs of the museum exhibits and for what reason? Why was photography of the exhibits permitted for personal gains of committee members? As stated by a committee member, photos were taken for the museum brochure, then why was it required when the second edition of the brochure, was recently printed, sponsored and released by Calouste Gulbenkien?Since when were private functions allowed in the hallowed precincts of sacred museums? Please note that even the inaugural function of the Christian Art museum in 1994 was done in a pandal about 300m away from the museum premises because of security reasons.What is the government's stand on this crime? Why is it that there is no round-the-clock security at these declared heritage sites? Is our government responsible towards taking care of our heritage?Is the security of our elected representatives more important than that of our priceless heritage?Isn't this incident utterly shameful? Specially when this Congress government accuses the BJP of scrapping Good Friday leave but allows this huge robbery in the house of God in the heart of Old Goa which is a UNESCO world heritage site?Taking this irresponsible attitude of the governement, are the silver casket of St Francis Xavier and other priceless heritage artefacts in Goa also at stake?It is shocking and utterly irresponsible that the state government has allowed only one police inspector to struggle and solve Goa's biggest heritage robbery ever. We demand that the culprit be brought to book within the next 24 hours.At a personal level, I feel extremely anguished about this hideous crime since I was the founding curator, administer and fund raiser of the Christian Art Museum way back in 1992. We, a dedicated team then, worked tirelessly to build this invaluable collection and most of which I have personally identified, negotiated, restored and collected for the museum.I am also a heritage activist and founder of two internationally-famed museums, Goa Chitra and Goa Chakra. Hence, I feel that the authorities should take every effort to ensure the security of museums and the artefacts therein. I desperately hope the case is solved in the next 24 hours.The writer is the curator &amp; proprietor of Goa Chitra and Goa Chakra Museum, Benaulim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11670281", "title": "B-Focused motivates kids at Jindal School", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Don't get noticed for your appearance but for your attitude,\" said Shobha Dhanwatay, director of Workskills Training Academy (WTA) while addressing students of Jindal Public School in the B-Focused workshop organised by The Education Times and WTA.With the help of various activities like puzzle-solving and word games, students were given a hand-on experience on team work and problem-solving strategies. To highlight the importance of correct attitude among students, trainers gave motivational lectures and presentations on personality development and building of skills.\"Every fear is imaginary and a result of negative thinking. Create success in your mind first and then put in all your efforts to achieve it,\" said WTA trainer Sandip Gulhane. He also encouraged students to introspect and be well aware of their strengths and weaknesses.Talking about personality development, Dhanwatay provided tips to the students like setting a time-table, not keeping backlogs and giving a deadline to complete desired goal.\"Attitude is ability to laugh at yourself with others and being confident about your skills. Be grateful to others and think positive as pessimistic attitude will never take you anywhere,\" she said.English teacher Mita Roy said that such workshops act as an eye-opener for students who are, most of the time, surrounded by negative feelings such as lack of confidence and low self-esteem.\"It is very important to provide them with a proper guidance and encourage them to have faith in themselves,\" she said.There is a lot of confusion in young minds regarding career choices and skills. Workshops like these provide them the right direction and help clear their mindsPawan Jindal |director", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11670442", "title": "BSP candidate declares assets", "text": "KANPUR: BSP candidate Shikha Misra who had filed her nomination paper to contest election from Maharajpur Assembly seat, owns assets worth Rs 72 lakh, including a commercial plot. Shikha, wife of former health minister Anant Misra, disclosed her assets in the affidavit filed with her nomination paper before the returning officer on Saturday.According to her affidavit, her husband Anant Misra is owner of assets worth Rs 2 crore. In her assets, she claimed that she had 1.1 kg of gold jewellery worth Rs 23.23 lakh and total movable property to the tune of Rs 41.92 lakh. The remaining wealth is in shape of fixed deposits, saving accounts and LIC policy. She had a commercial plot worth Rs 30 lakh (current value).UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11673888", "title": "Defence ministry asks Adjutant General's branch to correct General VK Singh's date of birth", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of the Supreme Court hearing on the subject, the defence ministry has written to the Adjutant General's (AG) branch of the Army to correct its record to show the year of birth of Army chief Gen VK Singh as 1950 contrary to his stand that he was born one year later.The letter was issued to the AG's branch last week to correct its record and show May 10, 1950 as the date of birth of Gen Singh, sources said here.The AG's branch, which is the official record keeper in the service, has maintained Gen Singh's date of birth as May 10, 1951, although the military secretary's branch records it as May 10, 1950.The move appears to be to reconcile the two dates in Army records and is an indication of the tough stance of the government against Gen Singh, who has moved the Supreme Court on his age issue.The subject will come up for hearing in the apex court on February 3.In its first order rejecting Army chief's contention on July 21, the defence ministry had asked the AG's branch to record 1950 as Gen Singh's year of birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11669798", "title": "Bike theft on the rise, several stolen across city", "text": "NASHIK: More than five bikes were reported stolen on Friday in different parts of the city over the past week.Two bikes were reported stolen in the jurisdiction of Satpur police station. A Bajaj Boxer was stolen from the parking lot of Jaldhara complex, Complex Parking lot on January 25 between 9.45 am to 2 pm, while a Bajaj Discover was reported stolen from Kamgar Kalyan Bhavan parking lot between 12 midnight and 8 am on the night of January 26.Meanwhile, Two Hero Honda bikes were reported stolen, one from Maharana Pratap Chowk, Cidco, on January 27 between 1.45 pm and 2.45 pm, while the other was parked in front of the gate at and Another Hero Honda was stolen when parked in front of the gate ofVijay-Mamta cinema theatre on January 26 between 9.45 pm and 1 am.Meanwhile, Another Honda Shine was stolen from January 26 between 8.30 pm and 9 pm.The bike was while it was when parked near City Centre Mall at Untawadi.The offences have been registered in this regard at respective police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11673399", "title": "Three women killed in road accident", "text": "THANE: Three young women were killed in a road accident in Bhivandi tehsil of Thane district, police said today.The victims, residents of Lokmanya Nagar locality here, were returning from their office in Kalyan by an autorickshaw late last night, they said.The rickshaw hit a road divider on Nashik-Thane bypass near Highway Diva Petrol Pump, skidded and overturned.The inmates were thrown off onto the other side of the divider, and got crushed under a container truck coming from the opposite direction.The deceased were identified as Pinki Keshav Mangera (27), Kajal M Singh (20) and Sapna Ilias Shaikh (25), a police officer said.While the rickshaw driver has been admitted to hospital, the container driver fled from the scene, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11670330", "title": "Divided RPI aghadi releases first list", "text": "NAGPUR: The divided RPI aghadi in alliance with the Lokmorcha released its first list of 10 candidates on Saturday. Dr Milind Mane is the single corporator in the list.After contesting 2007 election, RPI aghadi had eight corporators including Dr Mane, Dipak Pendam, Prakash Gajbhiye, Prahlad Durge, Vinod Walde, Prakash Gondane, Nanda Zodape, and Raju Lokhande. Gajbhiye had joined NCP while Walde, Gondane and Zodape were in Congress. Durge is wishing to contest in alliance with Congress while Lokhande decided to contest in alliance with Nagpur Jan Shakti. Thus, two corporators Mane and Pendam have remained in the RPI Aghadi.\"RPI Aghadi comprise of RPI (Gavai) and other republican parties. The pre-poll alliance has been made with Lokmorcha comprising left front, Janata Dal Secular and other parties. We will field the candidates in around 80 seats including all 13 seats in North Nagpur and the remaining in East, South and West Nagpur. Second list followed by the remaining lists will be declared in one or two days. Pendham will be part of RPI Aghadi,\" said Dr Mane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "venur", "code": "11670307", "title": "Devotees soak in eternal bliss", "text": "VENUR: As the sounds of 'chende' and 'kombu' reached a crescendo, marking the grand start of the nine-day grand ritual of Mahamastakabhisheka here on Saturday, 3,500 devotees sitting in the main venue and as many outside raised their eyes skywards to look at the head-anointing ceremony of the 35-foot gigantic statue to commemorate Lord Bahubali's supreme sacrifice of renouncing the throne in pursuit of liberation.This is the millennium's second Mahamastakabhisheka to Venur Bahubali, after the first one in 2000. The visual splendour, which comes once in 12 years, began at 8.15pm when the 408-year-old, state's fourth tallest monolith statue, was anointed first with 108 kalasha's of water by successor of Ajila dynasty - which erected the Bahubali in 1604 AD -- Padmaprasad Ajila and family.Earlier, 108 kalasha's filled 'agrodaka' from the well at Kallu Basadi, two furlongs from the main venue, was brought in a procession at 8pm. The pots filled with water were blessed during the Thorana Muhurat performed at Dhanur lagna (4.20am).What followed after the 50-minute Jalabhisheka was indeed breath-taking. From white to brown to yellow, the colour of the monolith statue changed by the minute, to the awe of devotees gathered atop the hill as milk, thousands litres of water, turmeric and sandal slided down the gigantic statue for 160 minutes. But the penultimate tribute to the statue was the anointment with varieties of flowers which was awesome. The monolith assumed different colours as the pastes and fluids of different ingredients such as tender coconut water, milk, sugarcane juice, kakshachurna (a concoction), turmeric paste, etc, were poured one after the other.The Mahamastakabhisheka ceremonies to all Bahubali's in this part of the state are held only at night due to the stifling heat during day time. Bhagavan Shri Bahubali Swami Mahamasthakabhisheka Committee executive president V Dhananjaya Kumar says that it is so due to the humidity and the heat prevalent here.\"Jainism does not prohibit holding of ceremonies at night,'' he said. Lying in the pedestal's corner were huge drums/ cans carrying milk, turmeric paste, rice flour, sugarcane juice, kashya (a herbal concoction) and ashtagandha (eight varieties of sandalwood paste), to be used during the nightlong ritual.In an environment conscious move by the organizers, the pouring was routed through a pipe to a pit outside the main venue. The rituals ended at 11 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670078", "title": "First impressions by the second sex", "text": "The year was 1973. 24-year old Elaine Cynthia Potter Richardson was in the midst of a personal conflict. Fearing her family's disapproval of her desire to become a writer, she decided to acquire a new identity. Elaine renamed herself Jamaica Kincaid.Through her stories since then, Kincaid, now 63, has given the world a window to look at many conflicts in the lives of people. Inadvertently, her writings have also thrown an oblique light on her native Antigua, which isn't a conflict zone like West Asia but has fostered many instances of discrimination. It was the result of one such oppression - by her family incidentally, that packed her off to the US as a servant - which prompted Elaine to fly away to freedom, and to change her name.A bevy of authors like Kincaid, who have given voice to suppression, both generic and personal, came under the Jaipur sun at the recently concluded literature festival. It was an interesting mix. While Kincaid's personal conflict was offset by Dalit writers Gogu Shyamala and Bama Faustina's quest to give a new voice to a community suppressed for generations, there were also those who may not have suffered any direct subjugation but have blazed a trail by telling stories of the otherwise unheard people from their countries. This included London-based Lebanese author Hanan al-Shaykh, Iranian author Kamin Mohammadi who lives between UK, Italy and Iran and Cairo-based photographer Karima Khalil who has compiled picture stories of the Arab Spring as it unfolded at the Tahrir Square.What's interesting about these authors is that they are not just lending a voice to women from countries and communities that have for long remained deprived of literary fame, but have also become the strongest voices coming out of those countries and communities.For instance, al-Shaykh's novel, The Story of Zahra continues to remain banned in a few Arabic countries for its sexplicit content. \"It wasn't about bravery. I had to write it to break taboos,\" says the 66-yearold, who is one of the best known authors, speaking against traditional Arab social structure.For Gogu Shyamala and Bama Faustina, however, the need to challenge the set norms of society was an act for their community - the Dalit section of Indian society. Shyamala's Telugu short-story collection, Father May Be An Elephant and Mother Only A Basket, But... has just been published in English. She credits her family's support in her journey in becoming an author. \"The challenge for the Dalits does not come from their community but from the Brahmanical order that actively stops them from achieving success,\" says Shyamala. She recounts the opposition she faced from mainstream Telugu writers for her story Deepasundari in which a Brahmin boy falls for a Dalit girl.\"The Dalits have to get out of the victimized mindset and the mainstream society will have to stop forcing its icons on us and let us make our own discoveries,\" she says. It's not surprising that Shyamala is one of the foremost contemporary Dalit voices in the country exploring the tribulations and aspirations of her community.London-based Mohammadi's portrayal of her country Iran, however, is less angst-driven and more anecdotal, unraveling all that has changed there since the Revolution of 1979, through the lives of three generations of women - Kamin, her mother and her grandmother. But in doing so, Mohammadi has unwittingly become a voice from Iran that cannot be ignored and that needs to be referred to, to understand the country's 20th century history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11669546", "title": "Humanoids from Japan lure crowd at Techkriti", "text": "KANPUR: Have you imagined a robot with emotionally intelligent system and capable of responding to human touch and communication. Meet human looking robots, Matilda and Jack from NEC Japan that are not just toys but a cutting edge to humanised technology.Matilda and Jack were the crowd pullers at Tech Planet during Techkriti on Saturday. TOI was introduced to Matilda, the female robot capable of talking, singing, dancing and even blushing. But unlike any other robot, Matilda is being trained to become an aged care nurse. The researchers from La Trobe University are conducting trials in nursing homes to assess how patients interact with the new technology.Dr Mei Tai Chu, one of the researchers of Matilda and a faculty member of La Trobe University in Melbourne Australia, while talking to TOI, informed that a person suffering from dementia played quiz with Matilda and was so happy that he even gave a few right answers. Dr Chu said robots like Matilda and Jack were programmed to read facial expressions of human being and pick up on distress and anxiety. Both the robots were sensitive to touch and communication and had been programmed accordingly.While demonstrating the humanoids, Dr Chu picked up Matilda in her arms after which the robot started shouting. The robot which could speak in four different languages (American English, Australian English, Italian and Japanese), asked Dr Chu to place it back on the ground otherwise it would fall. Interestingly, at this point of time, Matilda robot blushed and its cheeks turned red and while it spoke, it was heard speaking in Japanese, one of the languages fed into it.Dr Chu told that Matilda and Jack had camera fitted eyes and sensors fitted in their bodies. She said while Jack was naughtier, Matilda was sincere and blushed like girls. \"The robots make a contact with the eyes of a person and then follow him/her if they make any movement. They communicate with the person and become their companions, especially of the elderly people. Thus, these robots have a personality,\" said Dr Mei Tai Chu while talking to TOI.She added both Matilda and Jack were capable of capturing the emotions of a human being. On the source of power of the two robots, Dr Chu said both were battery operated and worked on electricity as well. \"The robot has been provided with external power cord to run power through it for allowing it to perform various applications,\" she said.Chu said the robots had been developed by NEC in Japan some 10 years ago but research was still going on to evolve them as better machines close to human beings. Research Centre for Computers, Communication and Social Innovation (RCEESI), La Trobe University has been continuously evolving the robots. \"With rapidly changing lifestyles, there is a need for information and communication technologies to change their design focus from information and convenience to social innovation. At Research Centre for Computers, communication and Social Innovation (RECCSI), we are engaged in designing socially and emotionally intelligent robots to support wellbeing and sustainability of human society in a range of areas including health care and human resource management,\" said Dr Chu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668609", "title": "Getting creative to draw out voters", "text": "MUMBAI: Potholed roads, piles of unpicked trash and poor water supply might not have been able to draw out dissatisfied voters, but things could be different this year.In a bid to avoid a repeat of previous years' abysmal voter turnout, citizens' groups and NGOs are using a slew of creative techniques-from distributing leaflets about corporators and candidates to sending photographs of pockmarked roads as email attachments-to get the citizens to vote this year.The latest email doing the rounds shows a closed fist with an inked index finger jutting out while vehicles pass through craters filled with water in the background. Circulated by Action for Good Governance and Networking in India (AGNI), the picture's message is loud and clear: \"Vote on February 16\".\"We have a creative team that works behind the scenes. It help us with slogans, words and so on,\" said AGNI trustee Shyama Kulkarni. AGNI has also added a dash of creativity to its citizens' charter-an A-4 paper booklet with the image of BMC headquarters on the front page and demands written in Marathi and English inside. It has also decided to do a comparative study of candidates once they file their affidavits, print the information on leaflets and posters and paste them on buildings.In Bandra, NSS volunteers' \"blue ribbon\" movement urges people to exercise their franchise on February 16. In King's Circle, Poddar college students will carry placards, asking people to vote.Other organizations plan to make those who refrain from voting feel ashamed. \"We will go door-to-door and ask people to vote. On the day of the polls, we will put to shame those who say they won't vote by making them feel guilty,\" said Prachi Ahuja, a Churchgate resident.On Republic Day, Khar and Santa Cruz residents marched with placards and banners that read \"Vote or Don't Complain\". The residents have set up a centre in Khar where people can find out all they wanted to know about their constituencies.\"Our campaign will get more aggressive as the days go by. Besides calling up people on the day of the election, we will circulate leaflets,\" said Anandini Thakoor, chairperson, H West ward citizens' association. Volunteers have been going to buildings with placards and banners carrying messages such as \"If you want the right to complain, vote\" and \"No illegal banners. No hawkers. Vote\".Indrani Malkani of the Citizens' Action Network said, \"Through leaflets and emails, we will send out messages that will make people go and vote.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668120", "title": "No star-studded campaign this year", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) elections will no longer witness any 'starry' campaign, as political parties stick to tried and tested party faces to attract voters.The list of 'star' campaigners published by the State Election Commission (SEC) on the basis of information provided by the main political parties has no film or television world glamour amongst it.For the NCP, party president Sharad Pawar along with daughter Supriya and nephew Ajit Pawar will launch a whirlwind tour in the next few days. Prominent faces like, Union minister Praful Patel , and state ministers R R Patil, Chhagan Bhujbal , Jayant Patil and Bhaskar Jadhav are in the list of campaigners who will campaign for the civic and panchayat elections in the state.Despite a long list of twenty 'star' campaigners, the NCP's campaign in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad will revolve around Ajit Pawar. NCP city unit chief Vandana Chavan said that the party will launch its official election campaign in the presence of Ajit Pawar and Supriya Sule . The NCP plans a series of public rallies by the deputy chief minister and one or two public meetings by party president Sharad Pawar.According to party leaders, Pawar senior is likely to address public meetings in the last stage of the campaign. \"In 2007 Pawar's appeal for a change of guard in the PMC left a mark on public mind and the Congress led by Suresh Kalmadi was defeated. Pawar's rally in the last phase will have a major impact this time too,\" said NCP leaders.Shiv Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray along with son Uddhav and grandson Aditya will lead the campaign for the party which is more focused to save power in the Mumbai corporation. Senior Sena leaders said that if Thackeray's health permits he will address a rally in Pune. \"However, the main priority is Mumbai,\" they clarified. The Sena list of twenty 'star' campaigners include former chief minister Manohar Joshi and party leader in legislature Subhas Joshi. MLC Neelam Gorhe is the only Sena leader from Pune to feature in the list.For the MNS the entire campaign will be focused on Raj Thackeray as the party has no other prominent public face. Former cricketer Vinod Kambli features in the list of star campaigners for the Lokbharati Party led by MLC Kapil Patil. With Mayawati busy in saving her seat in Uttar Pradesh, the Bahujan Samajwadi Party has to depend on its Maharashtra unit chief Vilas Garud.The Congress list of 'star' campaigners is not yet published by the SEC, but party sources said that the state unit is trying to rope in Rahul Gandhi for the Mumbai leg of the campaign. \"In Pune, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will lead the campaign with other senior leaders including Patangrao Kadam and Harshwardhan Patil,\" said one of the city Congress leaders.The SEC has decided to exclude expenses incurred on 'star' campaigners and political leaders from the poll expenses of a candidate. But the relief comes with certain riders - the list of political leaders who would campaign should not exceed 20 in case of recognised and registered parties. Similarly, for unrecognised but registered parties, the number is restricted to 10 leaders.With the SEC excluding expenses incurred on arranging programmes of political leaders like travel fare (in most cases, it is air travel), road travel and hotel bills, many expected that the campaign would be seeing high-profile visits by celebrities (films stars, sportsmen and top political leaders).Eom/rj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11669649", "title": "GPS scheme for kerosene tankers lost in transit", "text": "NASHIK: Billed as an innovative way to track the movement of kerosene tankers in and out of the district from the Manmad depot, the Global Positioning System scheme has failed to take off, as the vendor, Science and Technology Park, Pune, has failed to provide the service, under which GPS units would be fitted on kerosene tankers, despite the dealers already having paid for the same.The plan was mooted in the year 2009-10 but failed to gather momentum until 25 January 2011, when additional collector, Malegaon, Yashwant Sonawane was burnt alive allegedly by the oil mafia. After the incident, things moved fast, but the urgency was short-lived as the dealers got no support from the service provider.It was the Pune-based STP which had proposed the plan to the Nashik collector, suggesting that GPS be used on the kerosene tankers to ensure that they stuck to their schedule and made no unnecessary stops at any place. In case of any deviation from course, an alert would be sent to the respective tehsildar's office on his or her mobile number about the tanker, thus calling for action against the same.\"Setting up of the unit was mandatory. The dealers were asked to pay Rs 9,000 for setting up the unit and Rs 5,500 as service charges from April 2011 to April 2012. There are 57 tankers in the district and every dealer had given the required money to the company, which through its vendor got the GPS units installed in every tanker,\" a senior official from the district supply office said. But, soon it was discovered that the instruments did not function properly. While the tanker was at Manmad depot, the GPS would show it to be outside the scheduled area, whereas it would be in the proper location.Thereafter, the GPS units were redundant as the company failed to provide the service to the subscribers.After a lot of follow-up by the collector, and with a question regarding this being raised in legislature, the STP has once again stepped in to provide the service. \"Some dealers were planning to file criminal complaint against the STP. However, they have taken steps to resume their services and have inspected units in 25 tankers so far. Ten units were found working fine. The rest of the dealers have been asked to get the units repaired. They will also be asked to provide the operational costs,\" district supply officer Mahesh Patil said.The dealers, however, do not seem to be happy. \"Why should we repair the units or even pay for services now? First the company should clear the units themselves, resume perfect service, compensate for the time lost and then ask for renewal of services,\" a dealer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670603", "title": "Siemens begins operations at two factories in Verna", "text": "PANAJI: German electrical and telecommunications multinational company, Siemens AG , has begun operations at two new factories in Verna.The units were inaugurated on Saturday by top company executives, including CEO infrastructure and cities, Siemens AG, Roland Busch.The state-of-the-art units, built with an investment of 200cr, will have their own in-house research and development units and will manufacture a range of low and medium voltage energy automation products for power distribution of industries, utilities, power plants, infrastructure and cities.The products will include medium voltage gas-insulated switchgears, primary distribution switchgears, locally-developed products like ring main units (RMU) and compact substations (CSS) for power distribution, numerical protection relays, telecontrol devices for smart grids, electromechanical auxiliary and trip relays.Busch said \"The 'energy automation factory' is the first of its kind outside Europe, and only the third in the Siemens world after Germany and United Kingdom .\" The 'medium voltage factory' will be the third in the Siemens World after Germany and China.Dr Armin Bruck, managing director, Siemens Ltd said, \"The two new factories in Goa are examples of Siemens Ltd's focus on manufacturing excellence and our efforts to increase domestic footprint.\" Dr Jan Mrosik, CEO, Smart Grid Division, Siemens AG, felt putting advanced technology into grids ensures reliability of the grids.Tilak Raj Seth, Sector Cluster Lead, Infrastructure and Cities Sector, South Asia , Siemens, said the equipment manufactured will primarily cater to the Indian market, but may also be exported.Seth said the equipment manufactured at the units could be used for setting up smart-grids, automated rails among others. He revealed that the Siemens equipment being used for the Mumbai sub-urban train system was leading to energy savings of 30%.Busch said both factories have been built as green factories and include features such as ground water recharging, rain water harvesting, water conservation through low flow fixtures, energy conservation through energy efficient lighting, use of solar technology for street lighting and water efficient landscaping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11673331", "title": "Hrithik portrayed my vision: Karan Malhotra", "text": "Hrithik Roshan's performance in the remade 'Agneepath' is being compared to the Vijay Deenanath Chauhan played by Amitabh Bachchan , but the new film's director Karan Malhotra says that the former's portrayal couldn't have been as intimidating as the original.Hrithik has approached the character way too differently from the manner immortalised by Bachchan and debutante director Malhotra says that imitating the senior actor was never the intention.\"The idea was not to make Vijay intimidating at all. There was no way that I could have asked Hrithik to do something similar to Mr Bachchan. What he did back then in the original 'Agneepath', no actor in India can.\"I was sure that Vijay had to be real and identifiable. What Hrithik portrayed was as per my vision. I didn't want people to look up to him but walk with him in the revenge. I wanted the audience to feel that given the space and time, even they would have done the same,\" Malhotra told PTI.The legend of Vijay Deenanath Chauhan has been completely de-structured in this remake effort.\"It would have been stupid to think that I could recreate the same film. That would have been suicidal,\" said Malhotra.And his efforts in being different seems to have paid off with 'Agneepath', which released last Thursday, setting a new box office record with its first day opening collections of 22 crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11669683", "title": "Back SP, Bukhari tells Muslims", "text": "LUCKNOW: The shahi imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid, Maulana Ahmad Bukhari, on Saturday appealed to all UP Muslims to support Mulayam Singh Yadav and vote for SP.Targeting the Congress for \"exploiting Muslims as votebank\" , Bukhari held the party's regimes in UP in the '70s and '80s responsible for Muslims' backwardness.Maulana Bukhari, whose son-in-law Mohd Umar Khan is an SP candidate from Behat in Saharanpur, spoke to reporters here. The imam was accompanied by some clerics from Deoband who, too, said SP was the only party that safeguards the interests of Muslims.Although Bukhari's appeal may not have a sweeping impact on Muslims, it could have some symbolic value for SP in gaining the confidence of the community.Times ViewPolitical endorsement by the Shahi Imam or by Dera Sacha Sauda isn't the first instances of religious leaders intervening in politics. It has happened repeatedly. But that doesn't make it right. We believe that religion and politics are best kept apart. When religious or spiritual leaders get into the heat and dust of political battles, they undermine both their own standing in the spiritual realm and politics. They would do better to adopt a policy of sticking to what is their core competence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11669482", "title": "Muzaffar Ali joins Congress", "text": "LUCKNOW: Noted film maker Muzaffar Ali, who was once associated with the Samajwadi Party (SP), joined the Congress in presence of Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh and UP Congress Committee president Rita Bahuguna Joshi here on Saturday. It's the only party whose secular credentials cannot be doubted, he said later. I feel Congress is the only secular party in the country which can arrest communalism and terrorism at the national level. No other political party has the right agenda\", he told mediapersons.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11668036", "title": "Cong, TMC fight over doctors forum", "text": "KOLKATA: A tussle between Congress and Trinamool Congress for stronger influence over the medical fraternity has added a twist to the controversy over the arrest of two leading doctors on the AMRI board.Coming in the wake of a series of \"arbitrary\" transfers in SSKM Hospital, the arrests of Dr Mani Chhetri and Dr Pranab Dasgupta have outraged doctors, say sources.\"Doctors are reacting to the arrests all the more strongly as they are already aggrieved at the happenings at SSKM hospital. A Trinamool legislator is interfering in the affairs of the hospital. Doctors are being penalized with arbitrary transfers if they refuse to switch to Trinamool,\" a senior functionary of the Pradesh Congress Committee said, asking not to be named. Congress was the first political party to protest against the arrests on Friday.Sources say the tussle is for control of the Nationalistic Doctors Forum, which has expressed its allegiance to Congress. There were recent feelers that members of the organization should get in touch with Trinamool leaders.Among those allegedly on the transfer list are a radiology expert (to Barrackpore), a doctor from the neuro medicine department (to Burdwan) and a medicine specialist (to Medical College Hospital). \"We suspect that some private diagnostic centres have a role in posting out doctors who try to improve diagnostic facilities at SSKM,\" a doctor said.Some of these doctors felt the arrest of Chhetri would spread concern among those attached to private hospitals.\"Mani Chhetri is one of the most respected doctors in the city. He saves lives of patients, doesn't take lives. He is 92 years old. He would not have run away. The police could have talked to him without implicating him,\" forum president Rezaul Karim said.\"It is not possible for a physician to know what items have been stored in the basement of a hospital. Nor is it possible for them to go and check the basements physically even if they are involved in running of the hospitals,\" said another doctor.Trinamool minister Subrata Mukherjee dismissed these concerns. \"It is Congress propaganda that we are trying to control doctors' organizations. There is nothing wrong in trying to gain political control over a forum of doctors. Transfers have taken place in the past, we have also been on the receiving end. There is nothing new in it,\" he said.Even if doctors were aggrieved over the arrest of Chhetri and Dasgupta, the government could not help it, Mukherjee said. \"The law will take its course. When the earlier arrests had taken place there was protest that only the business community was being targeted. Now there is protest over arrest of doctors. Families of the victims of the fire must also get justice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11669740", "title": "Political Rebel fears force parties to hold on to their lists", "text": "As last day of filing nominations for Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) election, January 31, draws near, political parties are apparently jittery on declaring the lists of their official candidates, fearing rebels within the party.\"We have decided on all seats but a fewone. You should have the lists by Sundayyou should have the lists,\" was the official version of leaders cutting across all the party lines.As every political activist aspires to contest elections and enter NMC, the number of aspirants is growing.Many political aspirants of them have set their eyes on for tickets within in multiple camps and are ready to shift within minutes if their names are not included in the lists announced by their political parties. \"The contestants are not relying anymore no more relying on a single party for the tickets. While lists have not been announced, many have already filed their nominations and are in touch with the leaders of different parties,\" said a leader of a major political party.There are many who have appeared for the examinations conducted by Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and yet continue to make making o overtures towards the Congress.\"The important thing is to contest elections and not the party affiliation. After all it is the personal rapport with locals that mostly decides who will win the elections, while party is secondary. I have already filed my nomination papers and have started my preparation. I am contesting - with our or without a party,\" an aspirant from Indira Nagar said.Upbeat on being able to field its candidate on every seat for NMC elections, Lakshman Savji, BJP city unit president said, \"Party office-bearers have prepared the list - except for some wards. It will be finalised and on Sunday a clear picture will emerge on Sunday.\"Gajanan Shelar, NCP city-unit president said the things are very much in control. The seat sharing between Congress and NCP has already been inked with NCP contesting on 58 seats. \"The list of seats to be given to the like-minded parties is being discussed. You can expect our first list on Sunday,\" said Shelar.The Congress has not been able to iron out differences in the party regarding to several seats and the brain storming sessions are expected to continue till Monday. \"There are certain issues that have to be cleared first. Unless that are done, we will hold on to the list,\" said a source from Congress.\"Yes we are prepared with the list of candidates. Today we had an important meeting,\" said Vasant Gite, MLA and office-bearer of the MNS informed adding that by Sunday things would be clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11670364", "title": "He sacrificed his today for their tomorrow", "text": "NAGPUR: House No 109, Ramnagar may no longer have rows of two-wheelers parked along the courtyard. For the last three decades, this address has been famous among wannabe armed forces aspirants from Nagpur. From youngsters riding their way to his place in rickety bicycles in the 1980s, mopeds in 1990s to trendy bikes in the 2000s, all got their lessons huddled in a small room of this house.Captain Chintaman V Chafekar, the veteran who groomed them to face interviews conducted by the services selection board (SSB), died on Friday evening.The 85-year-old ex-serviceman, who did it free of charge since 1981 leaves behind 650 pupils who made it to either the army, navy or air force - an equivalent of half an infantry regiment. The thousands who could not get selected, owe it to him for building their personality.An ex-officer from the Territorial Army, he joined as a soldier and rose to be a captain. Chafekar started by training his own son Suryakant who is now an Air Commodore with the Indian Air Force (IAF).Suryakant had appeared for the SSB interviews in 1981 along with two others. All three from the first batch got selected and with that began the famous 'Chafekar Classes' though no brand name as such was coined for this institution. The classes continued till almost three months before his death due to a brief illness. Since the last few years, Chafekar had lost his hearing, but continued to conduct classes as he took written replies from students.Chafekar's last rites were performed at the Ambazari Crematorium on Saturday. Apart from relatives, the mourners included a host of grateful parents whose wards had made it to the armed forces. Chandrakant Bawne, a retired employee of the DAGPT where Chafekar served while being in the TA, said \"My son is an officer in the Indian Air Force (IAF). I visited him recently and was awestruck by the lifestyle you have in the forces. We indeed owe it all to Chafekar Sir,\" he said.The last of his pupils to be selected were Apoorva Nandekar and Ketki Tol. The former's father PR Nandekar, an RBI employee, recalled Chafekar of having kept his word of felicitating the girls. \"He did this after being discharged from hospital,\" he said.Among the others were a retired Lt Colonel who went to the classes in 1983, defence PRO in Nagpur Wing Commander Mahesh Upasni, lawyers and chartered accountants who call themselves products of Chafekar. \"There were many who could not clear the interviews but Chafekar Sir's training in confidence building has gone a long way in their respective careers,\" said Rajeev Deshpande, a chartered accountant who had been to his classes in 1984 before appearing for the IAF interviews.\"Chafekar was inspired by the philosophy of freedom fighter Veer Sawarkar and so he took up the mission of exhorting the youth to join the armed forces,\" said his grand-nephew Prashant Chafekar.\"SSB conducts a typical test where the inner traits of candidates are judged. It is a fool proof system and faking does not work,\" said his son Suryakant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "11669334", "title": "Varun risked all for the love of trading", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: Varun Gupta, 35, believes that if one wishes for something with all his heart, the universe conspires to fulfil that wish. His life is living example of it. Born to academician parents, Varun did not have business running in his blood but his heart always thumped to do his own thing, no matter the cost.Putting in 12 years of hard labour after his post graduation, Varun went on to become the first person in his family to start a business. He is now looking forward to expanding his work in other parts of the country as well.Thinking back to his struggle years, the Kitchlu Nagar-resident said it was a childhood dream to run his own business. \"Both my parents were teachers; my father Rampal Gupta retired from Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) in 2006 as HOD of food and nutrition and my mother was a science lecturer in a government school. There was no experience in my family that I could fall back on, but I was very clear I wanted to make it big in business,\" he said.After completing MBA in 2000, Varun started a wholesale business of computers, laptops and other hardware goods and gradually expanded to retail dealing also. \"My firm determination helped me reach my goal. I chose to deal in computers because their demand is ever increasing,\" he added.Married to Nisha, who is also a lecturer, Varun has two children. Asked what he would like his children to do in life and the businessman paused to think. \"The choice is theirs to make,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11677192", "title": "Narendra Modi thanks Big B for taking Gujarat on world tourism map", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi today thanked superstar Amitabh Bachchan for his contribution in bringing the state on the world tourism map.Modi met the Bollywood megastar in the city, where he is shooting for the second phase of 'Khushbu Gujarat Ki', an advertisements campaign to promote tourism in the state. Bachchan is the brand ambassador of Gujarat Tourism.\"I express my deep gratitude for your contribution to bringing the state on the world tourism map without any expectations from us,\" Modi told Bachchan.\"Due to your efforts, tourism sector in Gujarat is developing at a very rapid rate,\" he said.In the first phase of the ad campaign, Bachachan had shot at various places including the white Rann of Kutch,Gir forest, which is known as the last abode of Asiatic lions and at Mahatma Gandhi Ashram here.In the second phase, he is shooting in Ahmedabad, Patan and Jamnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669607", "title": "Valuables recovered from servant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Vastrapur police have recovered four kilograms of silver and 50g of gold from Kherwada in Rajasthan. The police went to the village after they arrested one Dhanji Meena who was working as a domestic help in the city.On January 15, Vastrapur police had arrested Meena, a native of Kherwada in Rajasthan. Following a tip-off that Meena had returned to the city in search of new work and was making the rounds in societies of Vastrapur the police apprehended him.Vastrapur police said Meena worked as domestic help in the city's western parts from 2008 to 2011. During that time, he stole from residences in Vastrapur, Satellite , Sola, Ellisbridge and Sarkhej.Vastrapur police said Meena's modus operandi was very simple, he was in touch other domestic helps from Rajasthan who worked in the same area.In the evenings, when all of them got together, he would get details of the houses which were locked and the owners were out of the city or on vacation. Based on the information, he would target these houses and carry out the theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11670802", "title": "They spring a unique approach to harmony", "text": "BHOPAL: Unlike Dhar district where tension brews over Basant Panchmi celebrations every year, inmates of a hostel of Barkatullah University have set an example in communal harmony worth emulating. They hold celebrations on the day without fail.Wherever they are, former and present inmates of Sanjay Gandhi hostel in the university never miss their date with the Basant Panchmi celebration for over two decades. Like every year, over 100 students and alumni gathered this year to celebrate. A small tableau of Goddess Saraswati was decorated where celebrations took place.\"I passed out and left the hostel in 2008. However, I never miss this celebration. Even today, I have come to participate in the celebration from Kerala,\" a former student, Riyaz said. He also helped hostel inmates to collect money for celebrations.There are many, who take time off their schedule to take part in came to participate in the one-day celebration. \"I have been participating in the celebration for the past many years. I will keep on coming in future also,\" Chering Namgyal, another former student of BU said.A teacher in an institute in Laddakah, Namgyal said students never bother about religion while participating in celebrations. \"In our festivals, hostellers of other religions also participate with enthusiasm. This is what we teach to others,\" he added.Every year, hostellers come together to chip Rs one lakh for the celebration. \"We collect money from students of our hostel and other students who wish to make the celebrations successful. No student of Sanjay Gandhi hostel has ever missed the celebration,\" a hosteller, Dharmendra Singh Gaur, said.Another hosteller, Sanjay Raghuvanshi said that students have never been forced to participate, but they join the celebration voluntarily.Pritam Singh, who hails from Jammu, said the objective of such celebration is to send a message of harmony in the society. \"This celebration is an example for people who do not believe in harmony. I am lucky to be a part of the celebration,\" Pritam said.Saluting the spirit of students, citizens from nearby colonies also visited the hostel and participated in the celebration. \"This is a praiseworthy effort from students. Hats off to students for celebrating ,\" an 80 year old, Suresh Malviya said.Interestingly, university authorities keep themselves away from such activity of students. \"The university has nothing to do with their activities. We participate in their celebrations only when students invite us,\" BU officiating vice-chancellor Prof DC Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11670138", "title": "Seized certificates sent to DAVV for verification", "text": "INDORE: A day after busting a gang involved in preparing fake mark sheets and degree certificates, the police have sent the seized documents to the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya for verification.\"The university authorities are expected to reply by Monday,\" deputy superintendent of police (crime) Jitendra Singh said.Police have learnt that the accused used to charge somewhere between Rs 50,000 to Rs 80,000 to provide fake mark sheets and certificates. Police said that even non-resident Indians were the clients of the gang.Singh said a police team searched the houses of two accused-Rafique and Manish-who were absconding since the arrest of three of their aides allegedly involved in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11674228", "title": "Election Commission asks govt to bar civil servants in poll fray", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over a number of \"senior civil servants\" jumping into the electoral fray, the Election Commission has asked the government to bring in a \"cooling off period\" clause between leaving the government job and joining a political party by these officials.The Department of Personnel recently received a letter from the Election Commission in this regard, suggesting amendments in service rules of IAS, IPS and other class 'A' services officials.While there are rules at present which restrict a civil servant from joining a private job for at least a year after he or she retires or resigns from the government service, there are no rules regarding joining political parties or joining active politics.The Commission has asked the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) to suggest a \"suitable\" cooling off period for these officials so that they remain impartial during their tenure as civil servants and take decisions with integrity while they serve.The Commission, according to the letter, was concerned in this regard as it found \"many instances where civil servants including police officials\" have joined political parties in their respective states just after retiring or have put in their papers to join the battle at the hustings.The EC has asked DoPT to take suitable action in this regard so that the overall level playing field is maintained during the polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11669362", "title": "He wants to capture nature's beauty on camera", "text": "BRS NAGAR: As expected of an avid photographer, 45-year-old Ranjodh Singh wishes to click pictures of the scenic beauty of South Africa and New Zealand before the world comes to an end in 2012.He says there are no countries left except these where he has not clicked pictures of nature. \"There is hardly any place except South Africa and New Zealand that I have not visited to take pictures of natural beauty. I have heard a lot about the beauty of the landscape of these places, so it is my wish before the world comes to an end to have my collection of pictures,\" says Ranjodh, a nature lover and president of a private college and managing director of G S Radiators.\"My next wish is to take my family members, including wife Pinky Ryait, 20-year-old daughter Avneet Kaur and 15-year-old son Jaskiran Singh to Holland and Singapore, as I like the gardens and beaches of these countries. I have been there once and would like to visit again,\" he says.Completing the books he is writing on nature and Sikh shrines in Pakistan is next on his wish list, as he says, \"They are my dream projects, so I would like to complete them. Besides, I also wish to have as many exhibitions of my photographs in city and elsewhere in Punjab as are possible.\"Listing his next wish, Ranjodh says, \"I am a die-hard fan of our former president, as he is an epitome of honesty, integrity and has rendered selfless service to the nation. I saw him once at the Rashtrapati Bhavan during an award ceremony but couldn't meet him. I would love to have dinner with the great man and serve him with Punjab's trademark food 'makki ki roti, sarsoon ka saag and meethi lassi'.\"Lastly, he would like to get poor people with eye problems treated before the world comes to an end. \"We have already started an eye hospital by the name, Sankara, where we work on this mission,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11669033", "title": "DGCA initiates probe into Cong aircraft incident", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) on Saturday, initiated an inquiry into the incident in which a landing chartered aircraft carrying Congress leaders came close to a waiting aircraft on the runway ready to take off. At the same time, the Airport Authority of India (AAI) sought a detailed report from the air traffic control (ATC) to ascertain the possible coordination lapse.On Friday, the chartered aircraft carrying Congress leaders, Pramod Tewari and Jairam Ramesh, had a close shave when it reportedly came dangerously close to a waiting aircraft of Saudia airlines.While AAI officials refused to comment, sources said that the authority is likely to submit its report with the DGCA in a day or two. Sources said that prima facie it appeared that there was some lapse in judging the arrival of the chartered aircraft. AAI sources affirmed that, at times, smaller aircraft use a shorter route than expected. In case of the one carrying Congress leaders, the aircraft probably arrived at least two to three minutes earlier than expected. AAI officials, too, did not rule out the possibility of the pilot taking an alternate route which may have resulted in its arrival relatively earlier.Significantly, while both Pramod Tewari and Jairam Ramesh lodged their complaint, the pilot didn't. Sources said that it could be the company to which the aircraft belonged may file a complaint.AAI officials, however, maintained that the aircraft was still in the 'safer distance' when it was asked to take a 'go around'. A landing aircraft is asked to remain in air for some more time till the runway is cleared. Sources in ATC maintained that the pilot did not over shoot the run way on its own. \"It was still informed by the ATC at the right time,\" said an official.In case of Friday's incident, the chartered aircraft was lined up after the due departure of the Saudia airlines aircraft. It was following the initial clearance from the ATC that the pilot of the chartered aircraft started descending only to be told in the last minute to take a 'go around'. According to reports, both the Congress leaders who were returning from Allahabad after election campaign, were so miffed with the incident that they decided to lodge a formal complaint with the ministry of civil aviation headed by its minister and Rashtriya Lok Dal boss, Ajit Singh, who is in alliance with the Congress for the UP assembly elections.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668643", "title": "Adopt a candidate, fund their campaign", "text": "MUMBAI: Paucity of funds for Independent candidates' campaigns has prompted Mumbai 227, a platform to launch citizens' candidates for the upcoming civic polls, to launch \" Adopt a Corporator\" campaign, wherein residents are urged to donate funds to a candidate of their choice.\"So far, we have announced the candidature of 58 candidates and hope to announce more in the days to come. We have, however, noticed that several of our candidates do not have the ability to raise funds for their campaigns. This is why we are appealing to members of the public to donate generously to a candidate of their choice,\" said a spokesperson for Mumbai 227.Donations will not be made to Mumbai 227, but directly to the candidate of people's choice. According to Mumbai 227's estimate, a candidate needs at least Rs 1 lakh for campaigning. Candidates will accept cash for amounts up to Rs 100. Donations of more than Rs 100 will be accepted through cheques. All candidates will issue receipts to donors.Records of all donations will be made public on Mumbai 227's website. \"The amount collected through donations will be posted against the name of each candidate. Also, names of donors and amounts donated by them will also be posted on the website,\" said the spokesperson.A bike rally has been organized in south Mumbai on Sunday by Vishwajeet Sangle, Mumbai 227 candidate from Ward 210 in Grant Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11669146", "title": "'NHAI violated forest clearance stipulations'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The National Highway Authority of India's (NHAI) construction of the four-lane expressway through Assam's Lumding reserved forest was criticized at the 24th standing committee meeting of the National Board for Wildlife (NBWL) for non-compliance of conditions laid down by the Forest Advisory Committee (FAC). Though the meeting was held on December 13 last year, the details were made public only recently.\"The NHAI was given permission to cut down over 100 hectares of forest in the Lumding reserved forest for the expansion of NH-54E. But, the preconditions laid down by the FAC were not properly adhered to,\" Prerna Bindra, one of the standing committee members said.Union minister of state for environment and forest, Jayanthi Natarajan , who is also the chairperson of the standing committee, said her ministry will write to the Assam government asking to see if the forest clearance stipulations were complied with letter and spirit and initiate actions against the NHAI in case of non-compliance. She added that she will take up the issues raised by the members at the meeting with the Union ministry of road transport and highways.The expressway cuts through the crucial migratory corridor for elephants, hoolock gibbons and gaurs, which is also a critical tiger landscape. Bindra alleged that the underpasses built by the NHAI along the expressway were not adequate for large animals like elephants to pass through. She added that the NHAI should take into consideration the ecological concerns as new roads and road expansion projects are increasingly coming up in protected areas, critical tiger habitats and animal corridors.\"The NHAI should execute its projects with diligence and follow all the stipulated conditions to restore faith in its credibility within the NBWL and the conservation community in general,\" Bindra said.Shankar Raman, another standing committee member, suggested that experienced wildlife scientists of Assam should be involved in advising NHAI about the specific mitigation measures for wildlife and for monitoring the progress and implementation of the measures.NHAI officials, however, denied any non-compliance of FAC stipulations, saying that the expressway is being built with utmost care for facilitating safe movement of wildlife. \"We have built the underpasses at locations where the movement of elephants and other animals are not disturbed. We are doing our best to build the expressway with minimal impact to wildlife,\" an NHAI official said.The Lumding reserved forest is connected to the Marat-Longri wildlife sanctuary in Karbi Anglong district and Langting Mupa reserved forest in the Dima Hasao district. Over 13, 000 trees were felled for the expansion of expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lambi", "code": "11669791", "title": "Capt Amarinder roams with women who live across LoC: Badal", "text": "LAMBI: The last day of campaigning saw noholds-barred trading of charges with no issue spared: Girlfriends, drugs, thugs, religious pariahs. Accusations flew thick and fast as politicians tore into each other on Saturday, signaling the end of a highstrung month-long campaign.\"Amarinder taan sirf jananian de naal ghumda hai - oh jananian jehrian border de us paar hun (Amarinder only roams around with women, and that too with women who live across the border), said Shiromani Akali Dal chief and deputy CM, Sukhbir Badal.\"Te desh de andar endian kinian jananian ne, eh kisse nu nahin patta . Saada kehre Sikh guru hai jinane ik ton vadh vyaah karaya hove? (Within India, nobody knows how many wives he (Amarinder) has. Which of our gurus married more than once?) ,\" asked Sukhbir at the Lambi rally.Attacks on Amarinder's personal life have grown shriller. \"What can you say of a person who, for the sake of becoming CM, threw his brother out of the party? The same brother who brought up Amarinder's son and fondly named him 'Tikku' ,\" said Sukhbir, referring to the split in Amarinder's family.Addressing his now-estranged cousin Manpreet Badal, Sukhbir waved the panthic card. \"Manpreet did not stay true to his religion. He took 'amrit' and trimmed his beard, drank liquor and ate non-vegetarian food. He was always a misfit in our family,\" said Sukhbir.A short distance away, Amarinder trained his guns on the Badals, saying the family was responsible for \"spreading drug addiction in Punjab\" . He said unemployment and corruption are Badals' gift. He called Badal a \"thug\" . Badal is a thief and cheat who knows how to steal government money, he alleged.Captain storms Fort BadalIt was straight out of a gripping war flick. Just 48 hours before Punjab goes to polls, state Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh stormed the Badal bastion of Lambi on Saturday, keeping CM and Akali stalwart Parkash Singh Badal tied to his constituency through the day and even had his son and SAD president Sukhbir Badal away from his own seat. Campaigning for the 117 seats of Punjab Assembly ended on Saturday. Moving away from the script at the last moment, Amarinder decided late on Friday night to take the fight straight into the enemy camp and flew in his chopper to Lambi - the CM's constituency - from his own seat Patiala, leaving a host of leaders and mediapersons on his campaign trail wondering. This left Parkash Singh Badal little scope to manoeuvre as he concentrated in his own constituency and in nearby seats though it was the last day of campaigning.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11668423", "title": "Postage stamp on Nalanda freedom fighter", "text": "PATNA: The department of posts on January 24 issued a commemorative stamp of Rs5 on eminent freedom fighter from Nalanda district, Shyam Narain Singh at a function held in Delhi, said his son Kumud Bihari Singh here on Saturday.Senior Singh, who was born in 1901, actively participated in various struggles during the freedom movement and even served a nine-month jail term in 1937. A brief biographical note issued by the department of posts said there was a shoot-at-sight order on him, and he also came in contact with Dr Rajendra Prasad and Jawaharlal Nehru.Besides, the note says, he saved the lives of around 6,000 Muslims during Partition riots of 1946 by giving them shelter in a garden located behind his family temple, even as the frenzied mob threatened him for it. Senior Singh, who was a member of the state assembly for several years, died in 1968. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668401", "title": "Murder suspect held", "text": "PUNE: Police have nabbed 41-year-old Dashrath Pandurang Khilare of Kamathipura in Mumbai, who was wanted for allegedly murdering his brother-in-law near a petrol pump at Landewadi along the Bhosari-Nashik road on the night of January 24.The arrest was carried out by the Bhosari police and the city crime branch following a tip-off that Dashrath was holed up at Phaltan in neighbouring Satara district following the murder.Police said, Dashrath faces charges of using a revolver to shoot his brother-in-law, Swapnil Shivaji Dhonde (24), dead. The suspect used a mobike to approach Swapnil near the petrol pump around 8.30 pm on January 24 and shot dead the victim. tnnPreliminary investigations have revealed that the incident resulted out of a family dispute between Dashrath and Swapnil. The Bhosari police and the crime branch unit were on Dashrath's trail, and were initially tipped by a source that the suspect was at Aatpadi in Satara district.Later, the police received another tip that he was hiding at Phaltan where a trap was laid and he was picked up by the joint probe team. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11670654", "title": "Chhetri had mild heart attack after arrest: Son", "text": "KOLKATA: He spent nearly half-a-century at SSKM Hospital and had been synonymous with the institution. Mani Chhetri (91), the seniormost practising doctor in Kolkata, returned to SSKM's cardiology ward on Friday night, this time as a patient.Admitted to the ICCU after complaining of chest pain soon after his arrest in the AMRI fire case, he was stated to be stable on Saturday. Son Milan, also a doctor, however, claimed he had suffered a mild heart attack after his arrest. Even as an eight-member board was constituted for his treatment, the medical community unanimously called for his release.Chhetri and senior gynaecologist Pronab Dasgupta, who were on the AMRI board of directors, have been remanded in police custody till Thursday.Confined to the ICCU's bed 9 on the ground floor of the cardio-vascular unit, Chhetri reportedly slept well and had normal hospital food. \"A series of tests will have to be done. A few, including a couple of blood tests, were done today. More will follow on Sunday,\" said hospital superintendent Provash Chakraborty. Only family members were let into the ICCU for a brief while as police guarded the entrance.Family sources said Chhetri felt weak on Saturday. \"He is frail and had a mild heart attack on Friday. He is better but still very vulnerable. He is too old to be taken into custody and I hope he is released soon. Some tests have been done while some couldn't be conducted as Saturday was a holiday. We expect the tests to be completed by Monday,\" Milan said.'Chhetri arrest was unfair'Senior doctors, including those who have been Mani Chhetri's students, felt his arrest was unwarranted. \"He has been serving patients tirelessly for 50 years. He has also been a teacher to scores of doctors like us. It is unfair to arrest him purely because his post makes him liable,\" said Jayanta Basu, urologist.Senior radiologist at Sagar Dutta Hospital, Rezaul Karim, felt Chhetri's arrest was unfortunate. \"Whatever the legal compulsions, it is sad to see a revered doctor and teacher being treated like this,\" Karim said. Ruby Hospital CEO SB Purakayastha said the law should take its course even though the arrest was unfortunate. \"There's no option but to follow the rules. Let us hope that justice will prevail,\" he said.Chhetri's counsel Bhaskar Sen said the reasons cited for his arrest in the remand paper were flimsy. \"It was claimed that he could abscond or tamper with case documents. At this age, is he really in a position to escape? If he had intended to do so, Chhetri would have fled soon after the December 9 fire. Instead, he cooperated with police and was interrogated several times. Since the police have already seized all relevant documents related to the case, there is no question of his tampering with papers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670271", "title": "An unholy flow in the Holy Bein", "text": "History suggests Guru Nanak, founder of Sikhism, was enlightened while taking a dip in Kali Bein, an over 160km long rivulet, which flows through Sultanpur Lodhi. But, today the water channel carries along the filth from numerous villages and a few towns.It has been over 11 years since the efforts to rejuvenate the historic Kali Bein began as volunteers removed filth with their hands. But, those efforts went in vain, as people from four towns and around 40 villages continued to dispose dirty water and waste into the rivulet.\"We had set an example, which won accolades in the country and overseas, but this issue of dirty waters flowing in the Bein remains to be resolved. Without an alternative way of disposal, people have been misusing the Bein. This issue has to be addressed by the government, but political parties have refrained from making any specific effort even as it was declared a Holy Bein by the state government in 2006,\" said Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB) member Baba Balbir Singh Seechewal, who led thousands of volunteers to clean the Bein.Seechewal said the sewerage treatment plants set up at Kapurthala and Sultanpur Lodhi haven't been functioning properly and untreated water is being thrown into the Bein. \"While dirty water of Bholath and Begowal towns flows into it directly, around 40 villages release dirty water either directly or through other rain water drains,\" he added.After the Bein was cleaned, not only the underground water level has come up, but we have also been using its water for irrigation,\" said Sajjan Singh of Chhaurian village.\"Once fresh water was released from Mukerian Hydel channel, the Kanjhli wetland was also saved, but the dirty water in the wetland presents a filthy picture,' said Lakhwinder Singh of Kanjhli village.\"Even bathing ghats were made along its banks by Baba Seechewal as people take a bath in the rivulet on Baisakhi. But the achievements of rejuvenation of the rivulet have been undone by the flow of dirty water,\" said Gurvinder Singh of Bhawanipur village.Seechewal said the villages throwing dirty water in the Bein need to have alternate disposal points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11669477", "title": "Fourth phase of seismic study at Sonar Fort to begin on Feb 1", "text": "JAISALMER: The fourth and final phase to study the underground tumult at the Sonar Fort, the world's only living fort, will begin from February 1. The data received from the inclinometers placed in bore wells at many places in the hill, will be sent to London.For reviewing the situation and conservation of Sonar Fort, national and international experts and ASI senior officials will be gathering at Jaisalmer for a meeting on February 3 and 4.Efforts have been intensified to protect the fort. The meeting apart from conservation and sewerage problem will focus on underground tumult.ASI director general Gautam Sen Gupta, Mark Baber from World Watch Monument New York, senior geo-technical consultant from Canada Dr John Hughes , senior architect Sameer Deqmonte, Drona's Shikha Jain, Bombay Collaborative Urban Design and Conservation, director, geo-technical works, SC Deshpandey, World Watch Monument, India representative, Amita Baig, ASI, director, conservation, Jahanavi Sharma, National Culture Fund's Yamini Moboy, IIT Madras and IIT Hyderabad technical experts along with RUSIDIP senior officials, etc. will attend the meeting.Dr SC Deshpandey, director, Bombay Collaborative Urban Design and Conservation, Mumbai, which has been given the work of stablisation of the fort by ASI, said the fourth phase of checking the tumult in the hill will start from February 1. He said modern machines named inclinometers have been put in seven to eight bore wells in the hill to note the readings of the tumult under the ground. Later, the data will be sent to London for study.Deshpandey said, so far inclinometers have been put in bore wells in the hill at three different times and the data has been sent to London for study. Based on the study reports, three faults of earthquake and tumult were found.Once the study report of the fourth phase comes, stablisation work of the hill will be started. He said sand of the hill is 154 lakh years old. Water seepage is making the hill's sand porous and causing crumbling of stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11669545", "title": "Three graduates held for robbery", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police arrested three youths from Periyanaickenpalayam here on Friday and recovered 40 sovereigns of gold jewels and five motorcycles.The arrested were identified as C Thangasuresh (24) from Vikramasingapuram in Tirunelveli district, M Armstrong, 20, also of Vikramasingapuram, and V Prem Kumar (26) of Sirumugai in Coimbatore.Interestingly, all the three are educated men. Thangadurai is a graduate in chemistry while Armstrong has completed a diploma in fire and safety. Prem Kumar, an MBA, is working as a manager in a private finance firm. The three were staying together in a rented room at Veerapandi Pirivu near Periyanaickenpalayam, according to police.Police said that the trio had stolen 26 sovereigns of gold jewels from Sakunthala, 45, from Narasimmanaickenpalayam at knife point from her house. The gang was involved in many chain-snatching and robbery cases, according to police.A team led by Periyanaickenpalayam police inspector M Lakshmanan had conducted a vehicle check near Periyanaickenpalayam on Friday and arrested the trio.Thangasuresh and Armstrong are accused in 11 cases including for robbery and chain snatching in various police stations in Coimbatore district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668446", "title": "'Appoint experts on PMPML board'", "text": "PUNE: Traffic experts speaking at a seminar on public transport on Saturday blamed lack of planning and vision for the sorry state of the public transport in the city. They demanded that experts be appointed on the PMPML board of directors, including the chairman and managing director, to improve the transport body's functioning.The seminar 'Public transport system in Pune and its future scenario' was organized by the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture. Traffic experts and representatives from political parties were invited for the seminar, but barring Shiv Sena , no political party sent any representative.Expressing displeasure over the absence of political representation at the seminar, experts speaking at the function said, \"It showed their concern towards improving the public tansport system in the city\". They said there was no alternative to the bus service run by the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd, even if metro, skybus, monorail or other modes of transport are introduced in the city.Sujit Patwardhan of Parisar said, \"The 'liveability' of a city and its transport are interrelated. The political leaders should be totally committed to an efficient public transport system. When the Pune and the Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal transport bodies were merged, no reorganisation was done\".Jugal Rathi of Pune Pravasi Manch said the liabilities of the erstwhile Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal transport bodies were transferred to the new entity, the PMPML, but their assets were not transferred, which was needed to make the transport body financially sound.Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrian First said the municipal bodies should not only provide buses to the PMPML, but also give it funds.Shyam Deshpande, who represented the Shiv Sena, told the seminar that the saffron combine, if voted to power in the forthcoming civic election, would approve a resolution reserving at least 12% of the municipal body's fund for public transport and environment.\"We will prepare a short-term and a long-term plan for public transport, provide 500 buses within two to three months and another 1,000 buses in the remaining five years. We will also appoint an IAS officer as chairman-cum-managing director,\" he said.Vivek Velankar of Sajag Nagrik Manch said three full-time directors, who are experts in the fields of finance, human resources and daily administration, be appointed to the transport body.Velankar, who is also a part of the Pune Nagrik Aghadi of civil society organizations that are contesting the forthcoming civic elections, said, \"We will co-opt at least one traffic expert as corporator in the civic body. The civic body should give Rs 100 crore every year to the PMPML.\"Ujwal Keskar of Pune Janhit Aghadi said, \"A review of the transport body merger be conducted. The Pune Municipal Corporation should purchase 500 buses and hire another 500 buses for improving the its services.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11669771", "title": "No government schools, basic facilities in third phase of UT", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Education wing of the Chandigarh administration recently advised the residents of the city to approach government schools situated in their sectors or nearby areas to get admission forms. But, the fact is that some areas in the southern parts of the city have no government schools and hundreds of kids from these areas have to either go to Mohali or other distant localities to attend schools. The sectors in the third phase of the city, including 48, 49, 50 and 51, don't have a single government school. Residents from these sectors allege it is not just schools but their area is deprived of other basic facilities like dispensary and parks as well.Sector 51 resident and chairman of Chandigarh social welfare council S S Bhardwaj said there are 115 housing societies in sectors 48, 49, 50 and 51 and thousands of residents from these areas have deposited over Rs 1,000 crore with the Chandigarh administration as developmental charges. \"But there is no government school in these sectors and our kids have to travel to distant areas for education,\" said Bhardwaj. \"On the name of development, nothing has been done by the authorities. We have met almost all the senior officials of UT, but all efforts have gone in vain,\" he added. A Class VIII student from Sector 49, Sanjay Kumar , who attends a government school in Kajheri said, \"It is difficult to go to school as I cycle around 8km everyday. The situation becomes worst during winter.\" District education officer (DEO), Chandigarh, Chanchal Singh said, \"We know there are some sectors in the city where government schools are yet to come up and therefore we have attached those areas with government schools situated in other areas of the city. Some schools in these areas, which are under construction, would be operational soon.\"Not only schools, our sector has not been getting any basic facility despite repeated assurances by the authorities at meetings Tarlochan Singh, sector 50As there aren't any government schools in the area, kids are bound to go to the schools situated in distant parts of the city. We have apprised the authorities in this regard, but nothing has been done so far Ravi Mohan Gupta, sector 49Education is one of the basic requirements, but it is very painful that in a city like Chandigarh, there is no government school in our area J S Datta, sector 49The authorities took huge money from the residents of the sectors of third phase for development, but they haven't provided proper facilities till now Dinesh Grover, sector 51", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669516", "title": "Arms seized from five in Shaherkotda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Shaherkotda police have busted a gang of five persons and recovered country-made pistol and other weapons. One of the accused who was sitting in the autorickshaw managed to escape.The five were moving in the city with the intention to carry out house break-ins and loot. Shaherkotda police said that the staff was on a routine patrolling on Friday night when they intercepted a rickshaw numbered GJ-1U-7473. The rickshaw was had five person sitting. On interrogation, the police found something suspicious and searched all the five accused.During the search found a country-made pistol, sharp weapons and iron pipes. The five were detained and brought to the police station where they were arrested. The five have been identified as Ashik alias Badshah Shaikh (23), Yunus Shaikh (19), Haji Mohammed Rangrej (23), Samir Mansuri (21) all resident of Danilimda and Jahir Rangrej (19), a resident of chandola lake.Police said the person who managed to escape was identified as Imtiyaz. He is wanted in several crimes in the city. Shaherkotda police officials saidthe six had got out in the city to carry out loot or house break-ins in the city. A case has been registered against all the accused. Police was investigating if they were involved in any theft in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11668865", "title": "Tibetan kids cycle in pursuit of happiness", "text": "BANGALORE: During the night, they walk on steep mountain ranges and hide themselves during morning hours to avoid Chinese spies. This is the story of many children aged 12-15, who escaped from tiny hamlets of Tibet and reach India. They crossed more than 1,000km by walking in just 100 days, thanks to Chinese monopoly.Recently, three such youngsters on cycles were in the city trying to spread awareness about Chinese domination in Tibet. According to them, Tibetan parents are worried about their children's future, hence, they force them to escape from home and move to India.\"About 5,000 to 6,000 Tibetans manage to escape to India every year. After reaching India, we are first taken to Dharamsala and then sent to Tibetan Children's Village and Mussorie Homes. We stay there along with other kids from Tibet, sharing our tales of loneliness,\" said Lugeon Thar, a 21-year-old Tibetan.\"Our teachers love and take care of us, but something is still amiss. I need to get that happiness factor back. And I'm sure it's the same for all the other Tibetan kids,\" added Thar.Students in Tibet are forced to study Chinese and compete with Chinese students. \"We don't get seats in most universities and there are no jobs for Tibetan students. So we usually end up working in the fields and are engaged in menial jobs. Although China says Tibet is being developed and a lot of money is going into building roads and rails, these generally benefit Chinese settlers and make very little impact on our lives,\" said 19-year-old Kalsang Gyaltesn, who escaped Tibet when he was just 12.\"We are lonely here without our family member to guide us. But we have to remain strong not only for ourselves but also for our families, for all Tibetans in Tibet who continue to struggle under Chinese oppressions, where even monks and nuns are not spared,\" they said.\"An independent international investigation delegation must be sent to Tibet to find out the actual condition in there,\" the three youths demanded. The team will be cycling all the way to Chennai, Mumbai, Goa, Jaipur, and Gandhi Nagar to spread awareness about Tibet.No home sweet home\"I was 13 when my grandfather suggested I leave Tibet. I did not understand the implications then. I was excited to see the world for the first time. My grandfather arranged some documents and took me to the border. I crossed the border successfully. I had no money and was sent to a Tibetan refugee centre, where I stayed for three months. It was then I realized that I could never return to my family,\" said Tselo Gyal, 21, a Tibetan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670313", "title": "Heritage lovers blame weak security for museum theft", "text": "PANAJI: The daring robbery at the Christian art museum in Old Goa and the loss of priceless antiques has triggered shock among heritage lovers, who blamed it on the \"weak security system\".Unidentified persons strangled a 55-year-old lone guard at the museum in St Monica convent at around 6.30pm on Wednesday and committed the theft after grabbing the keys from him, police sources said. Five gold antiques from the museum, once projected by its management as a unique showcase of Indo-Portuguese art, were taken away from a monument of the church complex at the world heritage site.Heritage lovers and conservationists have raised several queries about the management of the museum, alleging that the lack of strict security may have exposed the artefacts to pilferage.\"The issues of safety and security are of prime importance in the management of a museum as they are prime targets for the heists,\" says Savia Viegas, a Fullbright scholar who was attached to Smithsonian museum, USA, for almost a year.The nuns from St Monica convent called the police after they heard the guard's cries as he was apparently being strangled. \"Actually, there should have been a device with the watchman, which should have triggered a public scare or woken the whole neighbourhood, especially when museums are located in isolated places like this,\" Viegas said.The daring robbery also raises questions about providing security to security personnel. \"The best option was to install a CCTV with a recording facility to keep track of persons entering the premises round-the-clock,\" Damodar Mauzo, a member of the curatorial committee of a new museum at the old Secretariat, said.Raising another aspect, Victor Hugo Gomes, a former founder curator of the Christian art museum, said it is risky to entrust the keys to security guards in the present set-up. \"Should our priceless heritage be left to the mercy of security guards with unknown credentials?\" he asked.Gomes alleged that the thieves knew how the museum's locking systems operated. \"Retaining the security personnel for more than seven years, as in the present case, is not a done thing,\" he said. Agreed Perry Goes, a Bangalore-based Goan collector of vintage items, \"The fact that it didn't take much for the thieves to walk away with the antiques shows that the security was weak.\"However, a source attached to the museum management explained that the keys were given to the security guard due to frequent short circuits at the museum. \"The keys were given in the eventuality of some electrical problem occurring,\" the source said.The management has installed CCTVs in the museum, but admitted that it has no recording facility. Regarding the annual allocation of 3 lakh towards the maintenance of security, the source added, \"It is utilized to defray the expenditure of the security guard's monthly wages.\"The prestigious project aimed at conserving rich Indo-Portuguese art was initiated by the Goa archdiocese around 1988. Supported by Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation, Lisbon, Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage, (INTACH), New Delhi, and others in terms of funds, technical guidance and other contributions, the effort finally culminated in setting up of the museum at Rachol in 1994. It was shifted to St Monica convent, Old Goa, a decade ago.The priceless antiques sourced from churches from various parts of Goa and also loaned from some families' private collections were largely liturgical objects and a collection of paintings and other artefacts.Questions are being raised by some about the role of a management committee, which comprises prominent citizens, overseeing the affairs of the museum. But a couple of members when contacted said they are only peripherally connected to its running. \"The day-to-day administration is looked after by the management through a \"12-member trust,\" a member said. The managing committee is likely to meet early next week to take stock of the situation. \"This incident is an eye-opener for all of us,\" a member said.Terming the antiques in the museum as world heritage, Viegas said the management should be wary about international buyers of antiques. \"There is huge movement of antiques from the third world to the western world,\" she said.Mauzo said the Old Goa heist throws up lessons for museum managers. Agreed Prajal Sakhardande, executive member of the Goa Heritage Action Group, \"Now museums have become targets of antique robbers as the government failed to nab the culprits who stole antiques and idols from our churches and temples,\" he said.The government should launch a massive search for the culprits, said heritage lovers. Gomes added, \"The government should not entrust the solving of Goa's biggest heritage robbery to just one police inspector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11668867", "title": "After fare hike, MTC revenue goes up, patronage plummets", "text": "CHENNAI: Three months after the Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) increased the fares, its revenue has gone up, but the patronage has dropped.While the earning per km has increased from 20 to 28, the daily revenue has gone up from 2.2 crore per day to 3.1 crorre. Alternatively, the number of passengers has gone down from 56 lakh to 52 lakh. This \"lean period\" has been longer than what the officials had expected. The corporation's overall revenue has increased by 43% though the fare structure was designed for a 50% growth. They, however, remain confident of winning back commuters. \"We didn't expect the public resistance to go beyond a week. We should stabilise by April,\" said an official.Statistics from Southern Railway show there has been a jump of 9% in revenue after MTC increased its fares. \"People will soon realise that MTC is the most convenient way to commute. And when the original numbers return, we expect our revenue to go up further,\" an MTC official said.Sitting pretty on new income, senior officials say there is no need for changes in route rationalisation, a scientific method to study individual routes. The method looks into factors like passenger demand, frequency of buses and peak timing based on stage-wise information from ticket sales. Based on this, new routes may be added, removed or modified. Officials say it has been more than 10 years since such a study, last done by Pallavan Transport Consultancy Services. Experts say the study has to be done at least once in five years to be efficient with available resources.\"There are many changes in terms of land use and movement of people. Earlier, Parry's Corner was the hub. But now it is CMBT in Koyambedu. Developing areas also have to be kept in mind,\" said a professor in the division of transportation engineering, Anna University.With the city expanding, commuters in the suburbs are the worst-hit. \"There are few buses that ply to even areas like T Nagar,\" said K K Karthikeyan of Nanganallur.\"Corporations will think of rationalisation only when there is a loss. As of now, there is no problem and we can safely continue working,\" said the official. The government, meanwhile, is considering a proposal to increase the MTC fleet size from 3,400 to 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11669376", "title": "Measures taken to prevent misuse of auctioned BSF vehicles", "text": "JAISALMER: Security agencies have taken up steps to prevent people from misusing vehicles bought from the BSF's auction after intelligence agencies raised the issue.BSF authorities declare their vehicles condemned after being used by the force as per the kilometres fixed and are auctioned.Security and intelligence agencies have provided input during meeting at various levels that undesired and anti-social elements could used these vehicles without getting it re-painted in committing crimes.Following the input, the government has issued directions to the transport officers in this regard.Generally, army and para-military forces used a vehicle for 1.50 lakh kilometres and sell it through auction. In most of the auctions, some junk dealers and purchasers buy these condemned vehicles by pooling in money and sell these vehicles in the open market for a profit.Despite taking a written undertaking from the purchasers that these vehicles would be repainted other than their olive green and camouflage colours, there are still chances that they are misused, BSF sources said, adding that some of the buyers are using these vehicles were used in the same colour and form at the time of buying them.BSF DIG BR Meghwal said the issue is really serious and necessary steps are being taken in this regard and officers concerned are being given necessary directions.Superintendent of Police Mamta Vishnoi said at present no case of misuse of these vehicles have come to light, but directions have been given to the policemen to be on alert in this regard. Instructions have also been given to take strict action against such elements who are found misusing army and BSF auctioned vehicles, the officer said.District transport officer Manish Sharma said he recently got directions from the senior officers that the new registrations should be provided to these auctioned vehicles after getting the colour changed. A purchaser is also directed to get the colour changed within a fixed time or faced departmental actions.Sharma said strict vigilance is being maintained in this regard by taking preventive measures and if any such vehicle is found then strict action will be taken against the owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11670807", "title": "Project to prevent flooding in city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has sanctioned Rs 125 crore towards a project to prevent flooding and waterlogging in the low-lying areas in the city. As part of the project, Rs 27 crore will be used for constructing protection wall and bund across Killiyaar.The government has allotted Rs 2.5 crore for removing water weeds in Karamana river. Amayizhanjan canal will be cleansed using Rs 3 crore.A sum of Rs 27 crore will be spent in the first phase and Rs 98.5 crore has been sanctioned for the second phase. The government has also decided to spend Rs 50 crore to prevent water logging at Karimadam colony, Yamuna Nagar and Kaveri Nagar.All these places were completely inundated during the last rainy season.The second stage of the project will be rolled out on the basis of study to be conducted by RITES, the engineering consultants.Transport minister V S Sivakumar said that the project will lay more emphasis on repair and construction of bunds at Killiyaar.The state government has sanctioned Rs 125 crore for the project. Rs 27 crore will be used for constructing protection wall and bund across Killiyaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11669518", "title": "Missing child traced after 13 hrs; man who dropped her arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: A four-year-old girl who went missing from her house in J J Nagar at 5pm on Friday was rescued by residents at 6am on Saturday when a man dropped the girl near her house and tried to escape. Police arrested the man who is suspected to have attempted to rape the child.Police said M Manikandan (35) of Virugambakkam took away Bhavani to a nearby playground where he kept her till Saturday morning. As he tried to escape after returning the child, neighbours caught and manhandled him before handing him over to the local police station. Police said he appeared to be mentally challenged during questioning. Meanwhile, the rescued girl was produced before a magistrate court in the city, which asked the investigation officers to take the girl to the government general hospital for medical examination.After examining the child, doctors informed the police that there were signs of attempted rape. Following this, J J Nagar police registered a case under various charges including attempt to rape and arrested Manikandan. The child's aunt said the girl's lips were bleeding and she had bruises on her face. \"Perhaps because of sleeping in the open, she had mosquito bites all over her body,\" the aunt said.The child, an LKG student, had gone to a nearby shop in JJ Nagar to buy pencils after her sister, a class 1 student, refused to part with her pencils. Their father, a painter, and mother, a security guard at a private hospital in Anna Nagar, were at work when she went missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11670379", "title": "Lalit's 'maze' draws wah-wahs in Delhi", "text": "NAGPUR: City artist Lalit Vikamshi has been successively raising the bar for himself.Moving beyond Nagpur, where his organization AlagAngle promotes amateur artists and offbeat art related activity, Vikamshi is now impressing visitors and arty types with his latest sculpture which is on display at the 4th India Art Fair being held in New Delhi.Having tied up with international art gallery The Loft, which is showcasing his work at the art fair, Vikamshi says, \"My work is being appreciated and there are at least nine people there who are vying to buy it.\" The Indian Art Fair is a platform which showcases new and upcoming talent from the world of art to buyers, galleries and collectors from around the world.The 32-year-old artist has been on a success run for the past year. Last year an art magazine had featured him in the list of 17 Indian artists to watch out for. Later in the year he was chosen by an international four-wheeler brand to paint a vehicle for them which was later auctioned for charity. Lalit, whose art works are recognized by polka dots, had also made an exclusive painting for The Times of India's fifth anniversary issue last year.At the art fair in Delhi his work is sharing space with the likes of other well-known names Anish Kapoor and Subodh Gupta. He is the only one from the city exhibiting his art piece at the venue.Proud of the honour, the otherwise soft-spoken and mild mannered artist is visibly thrilled with this achievement. Describing the sculpture which is drawing attention at the fair he says, \"This work is third in a series which is untitled. It resembles a maze. The first one was made from aluminium sheets and was auctioned for 1 lakh in Ahmedabad. I had donated the entire amount to Japan Foundation in aid of Tsunami victims. The next one was also made of same material but I had painted the sheets red.\"The latest one has many more circles and is made of steel and weighs 70 kgs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11670856", "title": "Rewa Sainik School alumni gets high defence honour", "text": "BHOPAL: The Sainik School at Rewa got a rare honour when four of its alumni were awarded with high defence decorations by President Pratiba Patil on the 63rd Republic Day.\"It's a matter of great pride for the officers, staff and students\", Sainik School Old Boys Association (SAINOBA) spokesman Dr P D Mahant said.The officers, who have been awarded Param Vishishth Sewa Medals are Lt Gen KT Parnaik, general officer commanding-in-chief, Northern Command, Lt Gen AK Singh, ADC-general officer commanding-in-chief, Southern Command and Lt Gen Dushyant Singh Chauhan (retired) for rendering distinguished services in the Army.Lt Gen Munish Sibal, quarter master general has been awarded with Ati Vishishth Sewa Medal for the second time distinguished services.Sainik School Rewa had celebrated its golden jubilee with full fanfare and military grace in December last year. Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan attended the celebrations function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11674143", "title": "Jaime Winstone embarrassed by dad's love scenes", "text": "Jaime Winstone hates watching her father kiss other women on screen.Although Ray Winstone's wife Elaine isn't bothered by his movie love scenes, including making out with Angelina Jolie for the 2007 movie 'Beowulf', his actress daughter admits they make her uncomfortable.She said: \"My mum's like, 'Who the f**k is Angelina Jolie?' But I don't like my dad kissing another woman - it really p**ses me off.\"Despite her career success, Jaime, 26, initially rebelled against acting because she didn't want to follow in the footsteps of Ray and her older sister Lois and was shocked when she got offered her first role.She said: \"My dad did it, my sister did it so I guess I was rebelling about that.\"The director said I'd got the role in 'Kidulthood' and I was like 'but how?'I couldn't get my head around how I got it or what I was doing. But the process of making the film convinced me that I can do this, I can connect to someone other than me at this age.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11670796", "title": "City faces dengue, chikungunya threat", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The mounting garbage heaps in the city have become a cause of concern with the district health administration confirming the spread of diseases like dengue and chikungunya.\"Garbage heaps have increased the number of mosquitoes in certain areas of the capital city and this is helping the spread of diseases,\" said National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) district programme manager Dr Unnikrishnan. However, he said that there was no need to panic since it is not an epidemic.Steps have been taken for source reduction and fogging has been intensified in the areas where cases of fever have been reported. Most of the cases have been identified in the coastal belt of the district, he said. The areas between Poonthura and Veli have been identified as most sensitive as the garbage menace is the worst there. Apart from this, certain pockets of Valiyathura have also been identified as vulnerable. Every day at least five case of dengue or chikungunya are reported from this area since last week. So far, 24 cases of dengue have been reported from these coastal areas.Intermittent rains are also a cause of concern for the authorities. They have confirmed that rain and water-logging have also increased the mosquito density in the coastal belt. Since the atmosphere is mostly wet in these areas, burning of waste has also become a difficult task.The district health administration is also planning to organize a series of medical camps in these areas. More ASHA workers and health inspectors have been deployed to spread awareness. \"Activities to control the spreading of fever are also in full swing and the situation is under control. All hospitals in these area have been stocked with necessary medicines,\" said Unnikrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11669572", "title": "Group launched in city, to work among drug users", "text": "CHENNAI: As brown sugar and heroin are not available on the streets of Chennai, drug addicts are now returning to scheduled drugs that are being sold without prescriptions across the counter, say experts in the field. L Samson, president of the South Indian Harm Reduction Network (SIHRN) which will work among people injecting drugs and infected with HIV, said drugs such as Fortwin (pentazocine), Tidigesic, Valium and a lethal combination of Phenyl and Avil remain the favourites for drug users. SIHRN, launched here on Saturday, will work with 2,500 drug users in the city. NGOs said the trend in Chennai was alarming as many youngsters were getting hooked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668007", "title": "Southern army commander's commendation for fighter pilot", "text": "PUNE: Flying officer M P Anil Kumar, who has overcome severe physical disabilities to achieve literary feats, was awarded the GOC-in-C's commendation by the Southern army commander Lt Gen A K Singh on the Republic Day here on Thursday.The commendation was in recognition of Kumar's indomitable fighting spirit, courage and many accomplishments despite all adversities.In a departure from the tradition so far, the Southern army chief chose to celebrate the R-Day at the Paraplegic Rehabilitation Centre (PRC), Pune, by being in the midst of the 68 inmates there, including flying officer Kumar.Singh also presented the GOC-in-C's commendation to S P Jyoti, who heads the PRC, Pune, for his selfless service to the cause of those servicemen, who are rendered paraplegic or quadriplegic during the call of their duties.Flying officer Kumar's case is exception in particular.Kumar was adjudged the best air force cadet of the 65th course of the National Defence Academy and secured a gold medal for aerobatics prior to becoming an ace fighter pilot.The brilliant flying career was cut short in a freak road accident when he severely injured his spine losing complete mobility below the neck. In his journey of self discovery post-accident, the former fighter pilot taught himself to write, initially by holding a pen with his teeth and subsequently on computer, using a specially modified keyboard holding a stylus in his mouth.Kumar is a prolific writer in newspapers and on the net.His life story 'Airborne to Chairborne' is part of Standard X English reader for high school syllabus in Maharashtra and Kerala. A book on Kumar, with compilation of all his articles edited by his sister, Preeja, was released on January 21 by Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy during the golden jubilee celebrations of Sanik School Kazhakootam, his alma mater.Singh said, \"I feel truly inspired by the PRC inmates' zest for life, notwithstanding their grave personal challenges of paraplegia and quadriplegia, which handicaps them for even smallest of daily chores.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668199", "title": "Booklovers mourn loss as Manneys set to shut shop forever", "text": "PUNE: \"The first time I walked into Manneys, I was a wonderstruck Alice in Wonderland ,\" says Akanksha Anand of Koregaon Park. Now a mother of two, Akanksha is heartbroken that the store is shutting down. \"It's difficult to imagine that this is the last time I visited the store. Soon there will be no more walking into the familiar premises and hunting for books,\" she sighs as she leaves the bookshop.Akanksha is not alone. Most Puneites have grown up with Manneys. For many, it's an integral part of the city's cultural heritage. To let go of the iconic bookstore is like letting go of a best friend.Today many have turned up at the bookstore that first opened its doors on November 1, 1948. It derives its name from the then owner V G Mani, father of the present owner.The store was originally set up in a colonial bungalow on the old Moledina Road, before the entire shop underwent a renovation between 1985 and 1988. Though the premises have undergone a massive makeover - from a bungalow to a shop - Manik Mani, the owner, insists that the place has more space today than earlier, given the mezzanine floor.The bookstore is holding a mega clearance sale till February 4, and booklovers are thronging the store for one last buy. When asked whether he would think about reopening the store sometime in the future, owner Mani says, \"That will not be the case. We are closing down for good. I cannot say what will come up on these premises, but it will not be Manneys.\"Says J L Khedekar, a resident of Camp: \"I began frequenting Manneys way back in the 70s. Though many stores have come up in the city, Manneys remained the same. So many times I interacted with the owner while buying books. He often helped me find the right title. It is a sad day today as I walk into the store for the last time.\"Many an anecdote is attached to this iconic bookstore. Mani talks of how Nobel laureate Sir William Golding came down all the way just to meet the senior Mani. \"His books were popular in India and in university courses, so when he decided to come to India, he said - if I am going there I might as well meet Mr Mani. The Oxford University Press arranged for his visit, and he came down and shook my father's hand.\"The moment you enter the store, you are struck by its old-world charm. Books are stacked from floor to ceiling. Fiction jostles for space amidst spirituality, religion, photography and many more. Add to that the first floor space that has a neat collection of old books that you can pocket at throwaway prices.Shalini Jadhav, a Puneite, who has since moved to Mumbai, says, \"I was born and brought up in Pune. And, Manneys is a cherished childhood memory. My father would often take me and my sister to the shop after we had done well in exams or on special days. I came to Pune this weekend just to visit Manneys a last time.\"Manneys is definitely not your high-end book chain that boasts of a huge carpet space. There is no music here while you are browsing. And, of course, it's only about books. No toys, or DVDs or lifestyle accessories that have so easily crossed over to become a part of bookstores now.Kondhwa resident K Vashisht says, \"It's been a long time since I visited the store. But, I have fond memories of it. I would often come here with my wife and then stroll down to the old Naaz cafe for some coffee.\"Reeta Chowdhury, an ex-college professor, says, \"I shifted to Pune only six years back. On coming here, I was told that Manneys is the place for a booklover like me. And, I loved the shop. I am here to take back what memories I can of the bookshop.\"As the city mourns the loss of Manneys, one can only hope that the passion for books remains intact.Bleak future ahead for bookstoresNot very long ago letter writing was an integral part of our life. Then in came couriers. And with the assurance of promised delivery in two-three days, letter writing just fizzled out. But, that was not all. Soon we had e-mail. And now, it was the turn of couriers to make an exit. - Communication has remained, but the methods have changed down the ages.The same perhaps can be said of the sale of books. People are still reading. In fact, according to sources, reading has gone up by an estimated 15%. But, visit any bookstore in the city and you will be struck by the emptiness. Save for a few customers, the shops wear an empty look. Little wonder then that most bookstores in the city are modeling themselves as lifestyle stores - from music CDs to kids' games to even accessories like jewellery, gadgets, bags and perfumes - you can find just about anything there.But, books are still an integral part of our lives. With an estimated 90,000 titles produced every year in India by almost 19,000 publishers, and a projected growth of 30% a year - the fear that reading is going out of fashion looks to be unfounded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11668630", "title": "Wife withdraws charge, actor acquitted", "text": "BANGALORE: The second additional metropolitan magistrate Kasanappa Naik acquitted Kannada actor Anand of all charges of dowry harassment and ill-treatment of his wife MS Bharani after she denied there was any ill-treatment or dowry demands.Bharani filed a complaint in the Tyagarajanagar woman police station on May 15, 2010. She stated that she met Anand when he hosted a music programme on a Kannada TV channel. She was doing her fourth-year engineering course at that time. Anand proposed marriage and the wedding ceremony was conducted at a marriage hall in JP Nagar on January 24, 2009. Soon after, Anand allegedly started harassing her by demanding money from her parents. She also accused a co-actor of living with him in Chennai.Following her complaint, police arrested him. A chargesheet was filed only against Anand without implicating his parents and the actor accused of wrecking the marriage. On Saturday, Bharani turned hostile by denying all charges against Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11669108", "title": "Votes and prayers go hand in hand in Manipur's hills and valley", "text": "IMPHAL: True to its tradition, the valley and the hills came alive with prayers and rituals on Saturday when the people here exercised their voting rights for the 10th assembly elections.Braving the morning chill and the heat later, the electorate, mostly Vaishnavite women with sandalwood paste on their nose and forehead, made a beeline for polling stations across Imphal. Makeshift shrines were also set up at polling stations.Insurgency-hit Manipur has had a record of good poll turnout since 1948, four years before India's first general election was conducted. It was a princely state before it was merged with India in 1949. The voting tradition here is almost like a religion. An average Manipuri voter will place a sanapun, a traditional Manipuri brass vessel filled with flowers and incense sticks, on his doorstep and right up to the point where the lane ends. Before children leave their home for examination, the elders of the house follow this ritual as it is considered auspicious.The rituals don't end here. They put up large posters of their favourite candidates and pray for their victory. Some even engage the services of pundits at the makeshift shrines to offer prayers.No one goes to work on this day. The poll fever forces most shopkeepers to down shutters. \"I offered prayers and now I have come to vote. I have put up the poster of my favourite candidate at my gate. I also arranged for food for my family members,\" said Bijenti Devi, a voter in Imphal West.Echoing Bijenti, another voter Chaoba Singh, residing in Imphal East, said his family for the past three decades has been praying during polls for the victory of their chosen candidates.Some pastors, under the aegis of the All Manipur Christian Organization (AMCO), also offered prayers for free and fair polls. \"I personally conducted a prayer service at a polling station at New Lambulane in Imphal East,\" said Rev Prim Vaiphei, AMCO president.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669635", "title": "11-year-old girl goes missing from Vejalpur after attending wedding", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An eleven-year-old girl, a resident of Mira Mangal flats in Vejalpur went missing on Friday. The girl had gone to attend a wedding being held in the common plot of her flat.According to Anandnagar Police, Suresh Patel, the father of the girl has in his complaint stated that he had gone with his family for the wedding which was held in the premises of his flat. While the family was involved in the wedding, 11-year-old Vishwa who was playing went missing. The family along with other members began searching, but they could not trace the girl.Finally they lodged a complaint with the Anandnagar police. Police said that even those who were present in the marriage venue do not recall when they last saw Vishwa. Her family had gone back to their flat after finishing lunch, but Vishwa was playing in the parking lot with her friends. When she did not return till late in the afternoon, her mother went to call Vishwa who she found was missing.During the investigation, the police found Vishwa was close to the daughter of conman Ashok Jadeja. Jadeja was arrested in a multi-crore scam busted a couple of years ago.The Police went to Jadeja's residence to search for Vishwa. But she was not there and the daughter of Jadeja had gone to Naroda to meet her grandmother. Jadeja's daughter informed police that Vishwa had not come to meet her.The police went to Naroda but Vishwa was not there. Vishwa is a class VI student of Vidhyanagar high school. Her father, Suresh, works for a private courier company. The family for the past 24 hours has not received any extortion call. Police have intensified the search operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11675649", "title": "US woman advised to bring husband or adopt surrogate baby", "text": "HYDERABAD: Five days after she left her infant at the passport office here, an American woman has been asked by officials to produce her husband to take a DNA test to confirm their parenthood or legally adopt the child born through surrogacy.J Perllinda Vanburen Green caused a flutter at the passport office here on January 25 when she left the spot without taking the baby in protest against the so-called delay in issuing a passport to the child.The baby was wrapped in clothes and left in the veranda. The police, after examining some documents left in a bag along with the baby, traced her to the nearby Rama Fertility Centre. The American married a Jamaican 15 years ago but could not conceive. She lives with her husband in Jamaica.The 40-year-old woman, however, took back her son after the police promised her to secure the travel documents at the earliest.Green had applied for the passport under the Tatkal scheme for the baby born on December 7, last year.The American could not secure a Jamaican passport for the baby as there is no Jamaican embassy either in Hyderabad or in Delhi. She approached the honorary consul of the Jamaican government in Delhi, but was asked to meet the Passport Officer in Hyderabad.The issue arose as passport can be issued only if at least one biological parent is an Indian.\"The lady has no biological connection with the baby. According to the ICMR guidelines, the parents should undergo DNA testing to confirm whether they are the real parents or not,\" Regional Passport Officer K Srikar Reddy said on Sunday.\"She is saying that the baby was born by the sperm of her husband. But who will confirm? Only a DNA test will confirm. The sperm could be anyone else's. The father has to come here or may be they can match (without the father visiting India),\" he said.The American woman's husband, who is a Jamaican, has never visited India and she did not give too many details about him, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11670300", "title": "Civil service aspirants get tips from experts", "text": "NAGPUR: The third annual Competitive Exam Literary Summit (CELS) in the city got good response from thousands of aspirants who wanted to hear experts talk about cracking the tests. Though the auditorium of Dhanwatey National College (DNC) was packed to capacity, at least a thousand more gathered outside waiting for a chance to enter.Bureaucrats, politicians and academicians shared their experience with the aspirants and gave an insight into the professional life of a civil servant. DNC co-organizes CELS with a couple of other education related institutions.Baliram Adhav, a physical education student from Amravati, said, \"I arrived early morning as we can get a lot of information regarding competitive exams here. In our area there are no quality coaching classes for UPSC or MPSC exams and hence I wanted to come here and interact with the experts.\" The 22-year old student had cleared his MPSC preliminary exam but failed in the second round. Adhav is hoping that he can avail of some guidance from experts on how to make it to the merit list.While preparing for tough tests is one aspect which will be discussed during the two-day summit (Jan 28-29), the focus on Day One was scope of work in bureaucracy.Kolhapur district collector Laxmikant Deshmukh addressed the exam aspirants on the challenges they can expect to face after joining the service. \"You have to decide on why you want to join the civil services. Trust me, there is no glamour involved and everyday you will be facing a new challenge. But the satisfaction you get after implementing a successful scheme is priceless. If you want to serve the society and be part of the change, then this is the job for you,\" said Deshmukh.For many students, however, the civil services offer a recession proof job. Shekhar Anand, a student from Chandrapur, said, \"People are flocking to IT sectors and getting paid handsomely but they can be fired any time if the economic conditions are unviable. In government service, however, you are assured of a steady income regardless of what is happening in the outside world. The pay in government job too is really good nowadays.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670375", "title": "Venkaiah to do the honours", "text": "PANAJI: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) senior leader Venkaiah Naidu is likely to officially announce the BJP-Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) alliance on the end of the BJP's Jan Sampark Yatra on January 30 at Mapusa.Sources in the BJP and MGP said that BJP will contest around 33 seats whereas seven will be contested by MGP. Last time, the BJP had contested 33 seats and supported one independent and one United Goan Democratic Party candidate. The MGP has contested 26 seats.In 2007, elections BJP got 30.32% of the voter share and MGP got 8.65%.Sources in BJP-MGP said that so far both parties have agreed on Priol, Marcaim, Ponda, Quepem and Dabolim constituencies and negotiations are on with regards to Tivim, St Cruz, Cuncolim, Cumbarjua and Benaulim. \"In the next day or two, we will finalized the remaining two seats\" said sources .During the initial round of talks, BJP-MGP leaders had agreed to allot Porvorim constituency to MGP but now that doesn't seem so certain. The BJP wants to retain the Porvorim constituency after the strong opposition within the party regarding it.BJP spokesperson Vishnu Surya Wagh has said that the BJP and MGP in principle have approved the alliance and are discussing seat sharing.The BJP is likely to field eight candidates from the Catholic community, oneMuslim, five from the Bhandari samaj, two from the schedule tribes, two women and one schedule caste, said sourcesThe party's central election committee is likely to meet on February 2 in Delhi to finalize the candidates and on February 3, the BJP may announce the candidates, said party sources.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668747", "title": "Crime branch cop tops law exam, bags 2 gold medals", "text": "MUMBAI: For assistant police inspector Dnyaneshwar Wagh, winning gold medals for academic excellence is not new: In 2009, he had won three gold medals for being the highest scorer in Bachelor of Law (LLB). On Saturday, Wagh added two more gold medals to his tally.At the annual convocation at the University of Mumbai, Wagh, who works with the Mumbai crime branch, received the two gold medals-one for his excellent performance in academics as well as extra-curricular activities and the other for scoring the highest marks in Master of Laws (LLM). Wagh won the medal for excellent performance in academics as well as extra-curricular activities over two finalists chosen from across all streams.Wagh pursued his LLM in intellectual property rights (IPR) and information technology from the university's department of law.\"My family has been very supportive. Both my school-going kids studied with me during the exam,\" said Wagh, adding that a course in law is complimentary to his profession.\"These days, several police officers pursue law and wish to upgrade their qualifications,\" he said. In his career spanning 17 years with the Mumbai police, Wagh was posted in several police stations in the city and worked on fraud cases with the Economic Offences Wing (EOW).His father Raibhan, a farmer from Ahmednagar who attended the convocation ceremony in a traditional dhoti-pheta, stood proud as dignitaries congratulated him on his son's achievement.Wagh has alredy set his eyes set on the doctorate degree. \"I plan to appear for the PhD entrance test in February and wish to complete my thesis on IPR,\" he said.Mukul Deoras, Asia-Pacific president of Colgate Palmolive, Hong Kong, the chief guest for the function and vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar handed over gold medals and certificates to candidates excelling in 58 categories. While 47 students were felicitated in the ceremony, degrees of most students will be sent to their colleges by the next week. The university, for the first time, had a live streaming of the event for cellphones.WINNERS' GALLERYDLitt was conferred on S K Mahajan, director of Directorate of Technical Education (Maharashtra) by the university. He had completed his PhD in business management.Three students from the Institute of Distance and Open Learning won gold medals for their performance in English, Hindi and Marathi languages", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11672244", "title": "Farhan Akhtar, the new face of Delhi Police", "text": "After a newspaper campaign, actor-filmmaker Farhan Akhtar will be the likely face of Delhi Police for an audio-visual advertisement to educate people about crime against women .38-year-old Akhtar, who directed the recently released Bollywood movie 'Don 2', has already appeared in a newspaper campaign in which he exhorted Delhiites to help end violence against women.\"Now we are planning an audio-visual campaign with the actor on the issue. Talks are on,\" Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat said.In the print campaign, Akthar made a compelling statement saying, \"Make Delhi safer for Delhi. Are you man enough to join me? Don't sit back and allow violence against women. Fight it. Report it. Call Women's Helpline 1091.\"Last December, Delhi Police had roped in cricketer Virender Sehwag , who appeared in advertisements urging people to follow traffic rules and to wear helmets.\"Celebrities are being roped in to popularise our initiatives. We are trying get more personalities to promote such causes and help curb crime,\" a senior police official said.Former cricketers Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi, Kapil Dev , Kirti Azad, Atul Wassan and Bishen Singh Bedi, among others, had figured in Traffic Police's programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11669409", "title": "CBI gets 5 more days to submit report in Dara case", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI has got five more days to submit its report before the Supreme Court in the Dara Singh encounter case. As the court had directed the CBI to complete probe against all the accused in the case, the deceased's family members are hopeful that the agency will finally say something concrete about the role of former minister Rajendra Singh Rathore, the only accused against whom the probe is pending for the past seven months.SK Sinha, lawyer of Dara's wife Sushila Devi, said the CBI is yet to file the status report on the probe before the Supreme Court on February 2.\"The Supreme Court in the previous hearing in the case had asked the CBI to complete probe against all accused by January end. Former BJP minister Rajendra Singh Rathore is the only accused against whom investigation has been pending,\" said Sinha.He added that it is to be seen whether the CBI says something about Rathore's role in the report.Dara's family members have raised doubts over the credibility of agency saying when they are showering praises on their officers for extraordinary competency in solving nurse Bhanwari Devi case, they are yet to complete probe into the encounter case, that too when it had already been cracked seven months ago.Dara's wife Sushila Devi claims to have written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the Central Vigilance Commissioner demanding action against CBI officers including its director.She added that CBI had completed its probe against two IPS officers and other police officers involved in the crime but kept the investigation pending against Rathore in its charge-sheet almost seven months ago.CBI had filed the chargesheet in a court in Jaipur on June 3.A team of state police's special operations group (SOG) gunned down Dara Singh in an alleged fake encounter on the outskirts of Jaipur on October 23, 2006. The CBI had named 15 police officers as accused in the chargesheet while investigation was kept pending against Rathore under Section 173(8) of CrPC.Former minister in the CBI chargesheet- Rajendra Rathore tried false implication of Dara and his associate in a murder case in the case of FIR 143/05 dated 21.12.2005 P S Malsisar.- During police remand Arshad Ali, ASP, SOG (an accused in this case) made Vijendra talk to Rajendra Rathore from his mobile phone and then Vijendra apologised to Rajendra Rathore saying SOG put pressure on him to nab Dara Singh.- Rajendra Rathore as per call details was in touch with ADGP A K Jain from Oct 04 to 19, 2006.- As per prosecution witness Omprakash, Dara Singh had conveyed to him months before his death that Rajendra Rathore would get him killed.- Rajendra Rathore on phone told one Debu that he should part company with Dara Singh as his count down has begun.- After a month of the killing of Dara Singh as per Debu, Rajendra Rathore came to his village and threatened that Dara has been killed and one Tilliya would meet the same fate on release from jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11669605", "title": "Doc who operated on cobra set to repair croc's broken jaw", "text": "COIMBATORE: A male crocodile at the city zoo will undergo a complex facial reconstruction surgery in the first week of February. The crocodile had broken its lower jaw in a fight with another crocodile two years ago. Coimbatore Zoo director Dr K Ashokan will conduct the surgery.The surgery has been planned in consultation with international crocodile specialist groups. According to information available from a Hong Kong-based group, this surgery could be the first of its kind on a crocodile anywhere in the world.\"A metal plate will be fitted in the place of the lost jaw using screws. Skin from other parts of the body will be grafted over the metal plate. Skin will grow over the operated parts and make it look like the original jaw. The operation will be conducted in the zoo itself,\" Ashokan told TOI.The injured mugger was brought to the zoo in 1987 from Amaravathi dam near Udumalpet. \"Due to the lost jaw, the reptile was unable to chew or bite food properly. At present, it can chew with only a part of the mouth. This has made the crocodile weaker compared to the other crocodiles. Also, its size is almost half of what it should have been,\" he said.Coimbatore Surgical Ltd is providing materials for the surgery. \"To make the steel plate for the lower jaw, we have made use of existing skeletons of crocodiles,\" says Ashokan.Ashokan had recently operated a cobra in the same zoo to remove a large tumour. The cobra, which was being fed through a tube, has recovered.The cobra which was operated on January 14 at the zoo is regained its full health. The snake had two tumours. One of the tumours has been removed for biopsy test. \"After the surgery, the snake was fed through a tube for a week. Now the cobra is able to eat rats and frogs which are alive\", said Ashokan. He told TOI that the snake has been identified with 'benign tumour'. \"We are giving ordinary antibiotics to the animal. We will consult specialists to decide on the follow ups needed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11669414", "title": "Joys of spring", "text": "LUDHIANA: Basant Panchami function was organized in Spring Dale Senior Secondary Public School. The festival is devoted to Saraswati, the goddess of knowledge, music and art. Dedicated to this spirit of the day, Saraswati pooja was performed and students came dressed in yellow to reflect the colours of the festival. The traditional ritual of worshipping Goddess Saraswati was followed by various interesting activities like kite flying, decoration and sunflower making. Daman of Class VII bagged the first position, Rahul Kohli of Class VI G stood second and the third prize was bagged by Rajinder of Class VI G. Managing director Avinash Kaur Walia motivated the students to celebrate all festivals of India with equal zeal and enthusiasm and spread the joy of harmony and brotherhood.Green Land Senior Sec Public School Students of the school welcomed the spring season with great enthusiasm. Children of the KG wing looked stunning dressed up in yellow attires. They worshipped Goddess Saraswati and Lord Brahma to whom the festival of spring is dedicated. Junior students dressed as flowers danced to the tunes of Basant songs and relished yellow dishes.Everest Public Sr Secondary School Basant Panchami festival was celebrated by the students of the school. At the occasion, a fancy dress competition was organized in which the tiny tots dressed in yellow colour dresses. The children presented a colourful programme of song and dance. School director Rajinder Sharma spoke to the students about the importance of the day.Bhartiya Vidya Mandir School Festivity engulfed the whole school campus as Basant Panchmi was celebrated with full fervour. Staff and students participated in the Saraswati pooja with full devotion. Principal Santosh Mehra congratulated all and wished that Basant Panchmi may bring all the Basanti colours of success and happiness to BVM family.ABC Montessori School The school celebrated Basant Panchami with traditional gaiety and enthusiasm on Saturday. The celebrations began with offering of prayers to Goddess Saraswati and chanting of mantras. The school was decorated with fresh yellow marigold flowers and the fragrance mesmerized all. Little Montessorians Ravneet Kaur, Japleen Kaur, Ramandeep Kaur, Tanisha Seth, Divya Sai and Swati Chopra participated in heartwarming bhajan, \"Var De Veena Vadini, Var De''. This was followed by a speech by the director Amanpreet Singh Arora, who explained the significance of Basant Panchami, the fifth day of spring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "11670209", "title": "14 students injured as bus overturns", "text": "HISAR: Fourteen students on board a schoolbus had a narrow escape when it turned turtle while negotiating a sharp curve near Kherhi village here on Saturday afternoon. Seven students, identified as Akshay, Ajay, Anoop, Minni, Aryan, Sachin, and Raman, all in the age group of 14 to 16 years, suffered head injuries and hairline fractures, and were admitted to hospitals while the rest were discharged after first aid.The incident took place when the bus, belonging to a private school, was on way to Barwala to drop students. As it reached Kheri village, the driver lost control while negotiating a sharp curve after overtaking another vehicle. As a result, the vehicle overturned resulting in injuries to students. Meanwhile, villagers as well as policemen on duty on PCR vans rushed to the spot to start relief and rescue operations.DSP Barwala Rajender Sheoran also rushed to the spot to supervise the rescue operations. \"All students, including seven who suffered head and other injuries are safe and out of danger. We are in the process of recording their statements before proceeding further,\" Sheoran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670766", "title": "Me-First Superbrats", "text": "Little Priyadarshini is the image of an angel but ask her to share her chocolate and she glares at you. Even her granny doesn't get a teeny-weeny bite from the bar. Amid her peers, Priyadarshini acts bossy and demands to be the winner in all the games. She is rude, stubborn and turns into a ball of fury if you deny her something.\"She is spoiled and my daughter knows it,\" says the child's grandmother, Anubha, a retired schoolteacher. Priyadarshini is living with her grandparents because her mother, Mallika, is working in Singapore. \"Try denying her a toy or an ice-cream, you will face a tempest of howling. As a child Mallika never dared ask for expensive stuff. But now she defends her daughter all the time,\" sighs the girl's grandfather, Santanu, a former professor with City College.\"We keep telling our daughter it is useless buying such expensive toys. Kids are just as happy with pens, pencils, empty boxes, pillows, provided they are oriented that way,\" Santanu says. He is rudely interrupted by Priyadarshini, who screams: \"Why can't I sleep in my own room?\" The interior of her grandparents' room is not remotely like her own dream den that is done up in Barbie Pink theme.The guilt factorClearly, Mallika isn't convinced. Guilt has the better of her. \"My husband and I have demanding careers. We feel so bad for the child. Anyway, I have read books on spoiled children growing up to be very sensible adults,\" says Mallika. She is pensive the very next moment: \"Every parent wants the best for her child. Sometimes we can't give the best of ourselves. So we end up giving the best in the shopping malls,\" she sighs.Take the case of Anajali Singhania, an ad professional and forever on the move. \"I know I am not spending enough time with Myra. So I compensate by buying her clothes and gadgets,\" says Anjali.Technological advances and exposure are the other reasons that are spoiling her seven-year-old daughter, she feels. There are many like her who don't know what to do and feel obligated to meet their kids' demands. With each new fad, comes a \"must have\" item for Myra. Parents are forced to give in knowing too well that these \"must haves\" will be collecting dust in a day. Among them is the more sensible Moon Moon Roy Chowdhury, who consciously tries to strike a balance between the real and the material. Son Raunak has been gifted with a play station by his father Uddalok, who finds the console a good way of bonding with his son. \"But I keep telling them both, that a bicycle or a book are better things to spend time with,\" says Moon Moon.Spoiled, says who?For most parents, \"the best\" includes a safe environment, warm meals and a great education. For a privileged few it may also include fancy gadgets. These ridiculously expensive kids' toys seem to have taken child up-bringing to a whole new level - a well-known one called Spoiled. The \"lop-sided\" logic leaves Sonam and Abhishek Khanna, who run a family business of fashion jewellery at Dubai, London and Singapore and own a plush apartment on Belvedere Road, nonchalant.\"We earn to meet the needs of our children. The needs of a Gen-X kid is different. Instead of saying 'no', they must be told 'yes' again and again. That's a good way of showing you care,\" asserts Abhishek.Daughter Soha, in sixth standard of a top missionary school in Kolkata, mostly lives with a house full of helps and a dependent relative who is but a mute spectator to the Soha's lavish lifestyle: A 55-inch LED television, equipped with the latest gaming console, an Apple laptop (worth Rs 1 lakh) which her parents gave her on her 11th birthday, her wall unit fitted with Bose speakers (costing Rs 1.5 lakh) plugged to an iPod , a Samsung Galaxy cellphone (Rs 35,000) and a doll's house (Rs 35,000). Soha is more attached to her playthings (she keeps updating, discarding and replacing them with new ones) than her parents.Little bossesSoha spends her day scolding her two nannies or arguing with them like a pint-sized lawyer, confided the live-in relative: \"Once she screamed at her mom and dad when they went to a movie without her, prompting frantic calls from her babysitters that sent her parents scurrying home. She had called Sonam 'a terrible mother' recently, when she failed to get her the Wedding Fantasy Barbie doll on her way back home.\" The latest Barbie edition is dressed as a bride, resplendent in a beautiful traditional ghagra-choli. The cost: Rs 1,614 'only'. She also wants her parents to use the latest Barbie too-brush. Then there is Akshay Dewan, always loaded with rich stuff. He knows that a job well done will always translate into receiving gifts. \"I think if I do my work on time I should be getting something in return,\" quips the youngster. His parents, Megha and Aditya boast about his impeccable behaviour hardly aware that he turns aggressive when refused a reward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11669451", "title": "Several cases of dumped bodies yet to be solved", "text": "AJMER: The recovery of a headless body on Bikaner- Sikandrabad Express on Friday has again brought to the fore similar cases when criminals got away by dumping the bodies in the state.While the government railway police are struggling hard to identity the body found in a bag from S9 coach of the train, unidentified bodies being recovered have been reported in the past and most of these cases have remained unsolved.Last year, a naked body of a young woman was recovered in Kishangargh town of Ajmer district. The body was packed in a parcel.According to police, the parcel came through transport to Kishangargh from New Delhi and it was found after the transporters reported it to be stinking. The self-addressed parcel was sent by a fictitious person from New Delhi's Sadar Bazar. The body had been decomposed to an extent that it was hard to get the postmortem done for identification.\"She was about 25 years of age and had injury marks on the body. Nothing more than that was known,\" said Kishangargh police.\"Even a team from the special branch of Delhi police had done thorough investigation but was unable to identity the girl,\" a source said. \"Criminals who planned murder in cold blood took the step to send the body away from the crime scene so that it takes long to get back to them,\" a retired police official said.In another case, only the head of a woman was found near Anasagar Lake of Ajmer about two years ago. She was identified as 35-year-old Vandana Nagrani, a resident of Alwar Gate area. Police also recovered the ankles of Vandana from Foisagar Lake, just 10 km away from Anasagar. Police also questioned her relatives and neighbours about the incident but nothing came out from the investigation.\"Vandana was married but did not lived with her husband and stayed at father's house. She was also annoyed with her father as he went for a second marriage at his age. We had gone through every detail and made queries about her. We had read every word written in her dairy, letters and SMS in her mobile phone but till date we got no clue to the crime,\" admitted Ajmer police.Similar to Friday's incident, the headless body of a woman was found inside a bag onboard a train at Merta road railway station about four years ago. An investigation into the case was started by Jodhpur police. \"The case is still pending as no clue was found said,\" a GRP police source said.Last year in Kota, a box was found floating in the Chambal River. The body of an unidentified woman was found in a decomposed state. \"The body was chopped into pieces and too decomposed to be identified,\" police had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11669673", "title": "Man conceals 6 gold bars in his body, caught", "text": "CHENNAI: Air customs on Saturday seized 600gm of gold bars worth 17 lakh from a passenger at the Chennai airport who arrived from Colombo.Kader Mohideen Syed Mohamed Buhari, an Indian national who concealed six gold bars in his rectum and tried to pass through the green channel, was arrested.Customs officials had increased surveillance of passengers arriving from sensitive airports. As Colombo was classified as sensitive, officials were monitoring passengers who arrived by a Jet Airways flight when they saw Kadar Mohideen passing through green channel. When questioned, he appeared to be nervous. He later confessed to carrying gold bars hidden in his rectum.The gold bars had foreign markings saying they were 999.0 pure. \"The passenger, in his voluntary statement, confessed he was a carrier and concealed six gold bars in his rectum for a pecuniary consideration and with an intention to avoid Customs duty. The passenger was arrested under the Customs Act, 1962,\" said a press release.Chennai airport has seen a rise in the number of gold smuggling cases in the last two years. Sixty-three cases were registered in connection with gold smuggling attempts since April 2011 against 45 cases in 2010.Passengers who have stayed more than six months abroad are often used as couriers and Sri Lankan nationals and Indian labourers returning from Malaysia were involved in most cases registered here, officials said. The arrested Lankans were smuggling gold to convert it into Indian rupee, which is twice in value compared to the Lankan currency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11669142", "title": "Society flat owners to face heavy penalties", "text": "NOIDA: Thousands of flat owners in cooperative housing societies have wound up in a sticky situation after missing the January 25 deadline to register their properties following a Supreme Court order. Now the Noida Authority has decided to impose heavy penalties on them ranging between Rs 3-6 lakh, depending on the date of the purchase.There are nearly 125 societies in Noida and around 4,000 flat owners who have failed to register their property on time.The SC had ordered the housing societies for individual registration of every flat and had given them six weeks to do it. \"The flat owners will face harsh action. We will call upon a meeting to discuss the situation soon,\" said a senior Noida official. Noida Authority officials say they might levy a fine of Rs 100 per day from the date of possession.The move to impose such a penalty has angered the residents. They say that many properties could not be registered due to lack of documents from the Authority. \"For registration of property, one is required to submit the completion certificate, along with other documents. Many of us submitted applications to the Authority for the documents, but are yet to receive them,\" said Rajeev Satyakam, Secretary of the Federation of Sector 62 RWAs.\"The Authority has to notify us before imposing a penalty and ask for objections. So far, there has been no official communication to us,\" said a resident of Shakti Kunj Apartments in sector 62.For those who are not the original flat allottees, a tedious task lies ahead. \"In most cases, there is a chain of 4-5 previous owners. As many first owners have shifted abroad, the current flat owner is not in a position to register the property as the Authority only admits application of the first owner. A solution should be provided to such flat owners,\" said another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11669569", "title": "New court complex inaugurated at Sankagiri", "text": "SALEM: The new combined court building and sub-judge quarters at Sankagiri in Salem district was declared open by the chief justice of Madras high court M Yusuf Eqbal in the presence of justice K N Basha on Saturday.Speaking on the occasion, justice Eqbal advised advocates not to boycott courts frequently. He also called for unity among advocates and advised them to stick to one association. The chief justice said a good working atmosphere was essential to deliver justice efficiently. \"Tamil Nadu government is treating the judiciary as an important wing and has been allocating funds for court buildings and residential quarters for judicial officers in almost all places. Good infrastructure for the judiciary would improve the efficiency of lawyers, judicial officers, and other staff which will ultimately help render quality justice to the public,\" he said.The three-storeyed combined court building has been erected at the cost of Rs 6 crore. It has four court halls, including one district civil court, one sub-court and two judicial magistrate courts.Madras high court judge and Salem district's portfolio judge K N Basha gave a special address on the occasion. He said the same kind of combined court building will come up next in Attur and then in Omalur in Salem district. Justice Basha also urged the state law minister C Ve Shanmugam, who was present on the dais, to take speedy action to complete the combined court building in Mettur. He also asked the subordinate judiciary to complete all pending motor vehicle cases before August 2012.In his presidential address, law minister Shanmugam said the state government has passed orders to build court buildings and residential quarters for judicial officers at the cost of Rs 12.31 crore in four districts and new judicial magistrate courts in Pudukottai and the Nilgiris district. He said new buildings would be constructed in Thiruvaadanai in Ramanathapuram, Valparai, Mettur and Palakode in Dharmapuri.State highways minister and one of the MLAs from Salem district, Edapadi K. Palanisamy, recounted how legal infrastructure in the region had worked out of rented premises all this while. \"The sub-division court was built for criminal cases for the first time in Sankagiri in 1914. The sub-court was brought in 1985. All the civil courts here were operating from rented premises. Now, after a long time, the dream of advocates and Sankagiri citizens have come true. All the courts in this taluk have come under one roof ,\" he said.Salem collector K Maharapushanam, SP (in-charge) M Sathiya Priya, principal district and sessions judge S Baskaran, chief judicial Magistrate S Sengottaiyan, subordinate judge A Mohamed Jiyaputheen, bar council of Tamil Nadu members P Paramasivam and K R R Aiyappamani and senior advocate N Rajagopalan were present at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11670816", "title": "LDF councillors stage dharna", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: LDF councillors staged a dharna in front of the Secretariat here on Wednesday demanding the immediate intervention of the state government in resolving the garbage issue.CPM leader V Sivankutty, party district secretary Kadakampally Surendran and former minister M Vijayakumar also participated in the dharna. M Vijayakumar who inaugurated the dharna said the government had sent a wrong message by letting the Vilappil panchayat shut down the waste treatment plant. The dharna led by mayor K Chandrika also marked the beginning of a series of protests the LDF is planning to launch in the coming days over the issue.The mayor reiterated her stance against Vilappil panchayat and said it was responsible for the garbage crisis in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11670850", "title": "Uma seeks divine blessings ahead of UP polls", "text": "BHOPAL: Seeking divine intervention in the run up to the Uttar Pradesh assembly polls, saffron-clad BJP leader Uma Bharati on Saturday worshipped the deity of Lord Hanuman at the 200-year-old famous Mote-ke-Mahavir temple in Chhatarpur district of impoverished Bundelkhand region.Uma, a former Madhya Pradesh chief minister, alighted from the chopper in the morning with folded hands, performed aarti, parikrama and havan for more than an hour at the Hanuman temple, apparently in a bid to win the Charkari assembly seat on the Uttar Pradesh border from where she is contesting the polls.She came down to Chhatarpur from Lucknow and after the worship, left to Mahoba where she is expected to file her nomination papers to contest the elections.This is not for the first time that the BJP leader has looked up to the heavens. \"Before filing the nomination, I make it a point to perform puja in this temple to come out with flying colours in the polls,\" Uma told reporters.The sadhvi said she didn't worship at this famous temple in 2008 - the year in which the she unsuccessfully contested from Tikamgarh assembly constituency in Madhya Pradesh as a candidate of her own political outfit Bharatiya Jan Shakti Party (BJSP) which she had floated after quitting BJP. She lost even her security deposit.Asked to comment on the reported Congress advertisement praising Chief Minister Narendra Modi in Gujarat, she only said, \"If they would have said anything against Modi, I could have commented.\"Meanwhile, Uma's visit to the temple in MP has sent tongue wagging in the BJP circle here about her fate in UP polls. Speculations are rife that the BJP firebrand leader might find the going tough in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur/chandrapur", "code": "11670316", "title": "Kurwatkar's arrest to hit Naxals hard", "text": "NAGPUR/CHANDRAPUR: Bahadurshah Alam, the president of block Congress committee, at Bhamragarh, was allgedly killed by Naxals on Saturday morning. Gadchiroli superintendent of police S Vireesh Prabhu said Alam's murder seems to be the fallout of his political ambition.Alam's murder showed how Naxals continue to cock-a-snook at the police as the incident took place within a short distance from the Bhamragarh police station and under broad daylight.Meanwhile, Chandrapur district SP Suwez Haque said the arrest of Maruti Kurwatkar has deepened the vacuum in the Naxal top order which they had suffered after Bhanu Bhowate, his wife and others were arrested. \"Kurwatkar was elevated to the rank that Bhanu held,\" said Haque. Bhanu and others were held when Haque was Gondia SP in December 2010.Active as party cadre since 2003-04, Kurwatkar was secretary of the Chandrapur Area Committee. Security sources said Kurwatkar's role as Korchi Dalam's deputy commander and divisional committee member of Vidarbha Area state committee has come to fore.\"We have found pen drives and digital records along with a notebook with phone numbers,\" said Haque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11670116", "title": "37 LPG cylinders seized near Indore", "text": "INDORE: Thirty-seven LPG cylinders, which were being illegally transported from Dewas to Indore, were seized in a raid near here, police said today.The LPG stock was seized in a raid by the Food and Civil Supply Department at Kshipra area yesterday and two persons were arrested in this connection, they said.These cylinders were of different companies, including HP and IOC and were being transported by local gas mafia, Shipra Thana Incharge B D Tripathi said. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11669014", "title": "'Poor progress of broad gauge project worrying'", "text": "SILCHAR: In response to queries filed by the NGO Silchar-Lumding Broad Gauge Rupayan Sangram Committee, under the RTI Act, general manager (construction) of Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) said only 10 to 15 per cent work of the tunnels and bridges of Lumding-Silchar broad gauge project has been completed so far.\"Our NGO, which has been fighting for the early completion of the much-delayed mega project, formed a technical committee to look into the progress of the Lumding-Silchar-Jiribam-Badarpur-Kumarghat broad gauge project,\" Subrata Nath, a member of the NGO said on Friday.Nath, also the convener of the NGO's technical committee said, \"We submitted 21 questions before the NFR authorities under the RTI Act as we wanted to know about the progress of the national project, the foundation for which was laid way back in 1996 by the then Prime Minister H D Deve Gowda . The reply came as a shock to us. Therefore, we have enough reasons to express doubt about the completion of the 214 km Lumding-Silchar portion of the project within the fresh stipulated period of December, 2013.\"NFR authorities ensured disciplinary action against the ABCI Infrastructures Pvt Ltd, which is responsible for the delay in the construction of major parts of the Lumding-Silchar broad gauge conversion project (Migrendisa-Ditekcherra) and some of the tunnels. The company was fined Rs 1 lakh and Rs 50,000 in two occasions. However, no construction firm was black-listed, they said.The organization will hold a meeting here on Sunday to chalk out the next programme of agitation so that the work for the project is completed on time and actions are taken against erring contractors. The NGO said the Lumding-Silchar portion of the broad gauge project is marred by extraordinary delay and poor quality of work of the road transport lobby.Lumding-Silchar-Jiribam-Badarpur-Kumarghat gauge conversion project was sanctioned in 1996-97. But due to insurgency in the North Cachar Hills (now Dima Hasao) and shortage in budgetary allocations, the project was delayed. But, the authorities rescheduled the target for completion of the project to December, 2013. According to the NFR, 60 per cent of the work for the project has been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11670564", "title": "Demand for Speaker\u2019s resignation quashed", "text": "MANGALORE: Ahead of the legislature session, set to begin on Monday, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and home minister R Ashoka have sprung to the defence of the Speaker K G Bopaiah. Dismissing demands of opposition leader Siddaramaiah seeking Bopaiah's resignation in the wake of the Supreme Court ruling setting aside the Speaker's order disqualifying five independent MLAs, they said the Speaker has acted legally.Noting that Siddaramaiah's criticism of the Speaker was not a correct step, Ashoka told reporters here on Saturday that SC judgment of not recognizing the disqualification has been honoured and already implemented. \"There are two types of judgments in this case. While the single and double bench of the high court has upheld the Speaker's action, the SC has quashed the same,\" Ashoka observed.The apex court's decision, Ashoka said, is not a loss of face for Bopaiah as the opposition is striving to project it. Ashoka said: \"Bopaiah has taken all decisions within the purview of the powers given to the Speaker.\" Noting that Congress does not have any issue to confront the government with, the CM told reporters at the helipad said: \"This is a two-month-old judgment, full text of which since has been received.\"Describing the SC judgment on disqualification and its fallout a closed chapter, the CM said, with RSS leadership effectively intervening to put a lid on leadership issue in the BJP, the Congress, which was making noises about party issues, does not have any other issue. \"The Speaker is capable of holding his own on any matter,\" the CM said, adding that Congress is trying to keep it alive and making an issue out of a non-issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11675833", "title": "Cold wave holds sway in North", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was no let up in the cold wave sweeping North India as temperatures hovered below normal levels in several parts of the region today.The Kashmir Valley remained in the grip of severe cold wave with minimum temperatures settling several degrees below the freezing point.The low in Srinagar, the summer capital, was recorded at minus 4.6 deg C, a MeT official said.Tourist resort Pahalgam was the coldest zone in the Valley where the minimum fell to minus 13.2 degress Celsius.In the Gulmarg skiing resort, the minimum was recorded at minus 11.2 deg C.Leh town in remote Ladakh region shivered at minus 18.6 deg C, a drop of 1.4 degrees from yesterday. Adjoining Kargil town recorded a low of minus 20.2 deg C.Punjab and Haryana also reeled under the cold wave with minimum temperatures hovering two to four degrees below normal.Narnaul in Haryana was the coldest place in the two states recording a low of 2.2 degrees Celsius, down by four notches.The minimum in holy city Amritsar in Punjab touched 2.3 degrees, down by three notches, the MeT department said.The Union Territory of Chandigarh endured a cold night recording a minimum temperature of 5.2 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11668103", "title": "Currency racket busted", "text": "HOWRAH: The special task force of the Government Railway Police (GRP) in Howrah nabbed a three-member gang involved in the transportation of fake Indian currency notes on Saturday to Pune in Maharashtra. Several such raids conducted by security agencies in the last couple of years have established that Kolkata and Howrah are conduits for the movement of FICN to the rest of the country. Much of the FICN flows into the country from neighbouring Bangladesh and Nepal.The consignment apprehended was brought to Howrah from Jharkhand for onward movement to Pune. It is yet to be known whether the notes were printed in Nepal , Bangladesh or at some press in India itself.Acting on a tip-off, the GRP personnel boarded the Down Jamalpur-Howrah Express at Burdwan on Saturday morning. They spotted three passengers behaving in a suspicious manner and kept watch. From their movement and conversation, the cops realised that they were carrying something illegal.When the train reached Howrah, the STF members surrounded the gang and searched their luggage. According to an officer, 194 fake currency notes of Rs 1,000 each were seized from them. The three were taken into custody for interrogation.\"The three gave their names as Sk Azizul, Yasin Sk and Mirazul Sk. All of them are below 30 years of age. They claimed that they are residents of Rajmahal in Jharkhand. If they are to be believed, they are probably mere carriers who had been given the FICN by someone another resident of Rajmahal. They were to take the notes to Pune for a commission,\" an officer said.Howrah GRP chief Milan Kanta Das said that the gang will have to be interrogated further to try and get to the kingpin of the racket. \"This seems to be an inter-state racketand we will try to identify the person who handed over the FICN to them as well as the contact person in Pune to whom they were to deliver the consignment,\" Das added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670535", "title": "International conference in pathology at GMC", "text": "The Indian Academy of Cytologists, in collaboration with the European Federation of Cytology Societies (EFCS) and International Academy of Cytology, will organize an international conference in pathology in the library auditorium of Goa Medical College (GMC, Bambolim, from February 2 to 4.The scientific sessions at the 3-day conference will be chaired by Dr R G Wiseman Pinto. The faculty includes Dr Jerzy Klijanienko, professor and head of pathology department, Curie Institute, Paris-France; Dr Roberto Dina, professor of pathology, Hammersmith Hospital, London-UK; Dr Binnur Onal, professor of pathology, Medical College, Ankara-Turkey, Dr Palitha Ratnayake, professor of pathology, Peradeniya-Sri Lanka; Dr Mathilda Boon, Dr L PKok, consultant pathologists, Leiden-Netherlands, Dr Helen Fernandes, director of molecular diagnostics laboratory, New Jersey-USA, Dr Abha Malik, Macquarie School of Advanced Medicine, Sydney-Australia, Dr N A Jambhekar, professor and head of pathology department, Tata Memorial Hospital-Mumbai; Dr Suresh Bhambhani, deputy director, ICMR, Noida; and Dr Nalini Gupta, associate professor of cytology, Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh.Delegates from all over India, USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand will be attending the conference. In all, 88 scientific and research papers will also be presented. The conference is being coordinated by Wiseman Pinto.Workshop for high school teachers: Children's Rights in Goa (CRG) will organize a half-day workshop on the topic 'Together for children: Safeguarding the mental health of children and adolescents' on February 1 for high school teachers. The workshop will be held at Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Panaji, from 9.30am to 1pm (lunch will be provided), states a press note issued by CRG director Nishtha Desai. Mumbai-based psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty will be the resource person. For details call on 2263838 or 9822983336.Live surgical workshop, CME on otology: The Medical Education Cell, in association with the ENT department of Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim, will organize a live surgical workshop and a continuous medical education (CME) programme on otology. The CME guest lecture on the topic 'Surgical management of facial nerve disorders' will be held on February 3 at GMC's lecture hall 1 from 3pm to 4pm. Dr H Vijendra, senior consultant and ENT surgeon, will be the guest faculty from Bangalore.This will be followed by live surgical workshop on otology on February 4 at GMC's upper operation theatre from 9am onwards.The surgical workshop will be conducted by Vijendra. On February 5, there will be hands-on workshop on cadaveric temporal bone dissection in the department of ENT from 9pm onwards. For details contact Dr C P Das, professor and head, department of ENT. The CME will be coordinated by Dr S M Bandekar.Singing competition at Carambolim: The Agjes Dramatic Association will organize an all Goa singing competition on February 9, at 6pm, at the Carambolim church square. The competition is supported by Tiatr Academy of Goa. The competition will be followed by a Konkani musical show. Those interested in participating should contact Agnelo Lobo (Ph: 9850461023).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11670758", "title": "DM orders FIR in hotel booking scam", "text": "VARANASI: Taking a serious note of the incident of charging huge amount against the declared tariff of hotel rooms from the participants of the 55th All India Congress of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (AICOG-2012), district magistrate Ravindra ordered to lodge FIRs against those responsible, including organising committee's office bearers and travel agencies.The five-day AICOG-2012 started on Banaras Hindu University campus from January 26. But, before the beginning of event, the AICOG-2012 came in the eye of storm with the exposure of malpractices like quoting creating crisis of hotel rooms and blackmarketeering. He said the FIRs would be lodged through the investigation officer. After getting this order, the ADM City convened a meeting with the officials of different departments including tourism.The meeting continued till filing this report. It was stated that the officials were preparing for lodging FIRs under various sections of IPC. The agency assigned by the organizing committee of the event had booked the hotels, guest houses and lodges in the district about a year back due to which finding accommodation at those places had become impossible for tourists or other customers. of huge room rents against the actual tariff of hotels, booked for accommodating the participants.After that the DM ordered ADM City MP Singh to probe the matter. The ADM City issued notices to organising committee office bearers, travel agencies that were assigned by the organising committee to book hotel rooms, hotels and other agencies with an instruction to submit their replies by January 25 (evening). After going through their replies, Singh prepared his investigation report and forwarded to the DM on January 27. On the basis of the same probe report, the DM ordered lodging of FIRs against those responsible for", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670387", "title": "Janata Dal (United) to contest 15 seats in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: After Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress, Sharad Yadav-Nitish Kumar's Janata Dal (United) is now in Goa to contest the March assembly elections in order to bring in a \"change\" in Goa.JD(U)'s Goan face is its state president and well-known social activist John Phillip Pereira. Briefing the media along with JD(U) national senior vice-president M P Nadgauda and national general secretary Javed Raza, Pereira also announced three candidates that will contest the March assembly election in Goa on the JD(U) ticket.The three include businessman Dominic Savio Fernandes, 46, from Panaji, lawyer Glack D'Souza, 58, from Vasco and mining transporter Alexy Fernandes, 36, from Quepem. The JD(U) will also contest from at least 14 other constituencies including Margao ,where it will seek to oust Goa chief minister Digambar Kamat.Said Pereira, \"We promise Goa and Goans a change. Whether we win or not, we will continue to fight for social issues in Goa. Our first issue is illegal mining, second is the regional plan 2021 and third is special status for Goa-not in terms of an economic package but in terms of saving Goan land that is now being sold to non-Goans. We have 20 members of Parliament at the centre so we will fight for a special package for Goa.\"To bring in the change, Pereira said they will field \"clean candidates\" that fulfill the criteria of being social activists, qualified and non-corrupt.Pereira also condemned the attack on aspiring Cumbarjua candidate Fr Bismarque Dias and demanded that the guilty be brought to book at the earliest. He also said that the Goa chief electoral officer should take cognizance of the incident and declare Cumbarjua constituency as a \"sensitive constituency.\"Summing up his party's ideology for Goa, Pereira said, \"Goa needs a change to save itself from further destruction and JD(U) is the only party that can make a difference as it is dedicated to the task of building up a democratic, secular and socialist state. The party believes in a polity that ensures decentralisation of economic and political power.\"Nadgauda said the JD(U) was coming to bring in change in Goa as both the ruling dispensation and the opposition \"failed miserably\" in the state, which is being run by the real estate lobby, where the rules are being made for the real estate lobby and where rampant looting through mining is going on.Said Nadgauda, \"People (in Goa) want change. Nitish Kumar changed Bihar where elections were fought without money and where we won 86% seats. Everyone is asking why the same change cannot happen in Goa. That is why we have come to Goa.\"Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11669029", "title": "Rhino strays out of national park", "text": "JORHAT: A rhino from Orang National Park strayed into a human habitat near Dhekiajuli area in Sonitpur district on Saturday morning. Forest officials failed to guide the animal away from the village and back into the national park due to a massive gathering of locals. However, officials have been deployed to ensure that the animal is protected until it can safely be lead back to the park, authorities said.N Anand, divisional forest officer (Sunitpur, West), said: \"A rhino strayed out from the Rajiv Gandhi Orang National Park on Friday night and entered the Dhekiajuli area. The locals saw the animal at the Dhekiajuli tea estate this morning and informed us. On receiving the news, we rushed to the spot to control the situation, but hundreds of locals had gathered at the spot. As a result, the forest staff failed to lead the animal out of the village only for the security of the locals,'' he said.Anand added that besides forest staff, CRPF and police were also engaged in the operation. \"We have engaged CRPF personnel and state police to control the locals and ensure the safety of the rhino. However, no untoward incident has been reported so far. We expect we will be able to guide away the rhino soon,\" he said.Protection of stray rhinos have become a major issue in the state. In Kaziranga, six rhinos have strayed out in the past month and created havoc in areas near the Jorhat, Golaghat and Sunitpur forest divisions. Poachers also wait to take advantage of inadequate security outside the park. So, park officials issued notification to the said forest division to ensure the protection of these rhinos.Another forest officer said: \"Rhinos leave the national park and stray into adjacent areas for various reasons, including to search for food. In the last two days three rhinos came out from Orang National Park and were spotted in Sunitpur and the river bank areas of Brahmaputra. However, our staffs successfully guided the three rhinos back to the park on Friday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mandla (jabalpur)", "code": "11669606", "title": "Lured by higher salary, nurses make a beeline for govt hospitals in MP", "text": "MANDLA (JABALPUR): More often than not, you've heard of government nurses making a beeline for private hospitals.But in a reverse brain drain, 30 nurses from private hospitals in Madhya Pradesh quit last year to work in government-run sick and newborn care units (SNCUs) in Shivpuri, Burhanpur and Khandwa.More applications are piling up in the state health department from private nurses wanting to work in the public sector in MP.The catch: the state raised salaries of nurses from Rs 10,000 in 2010 to Rs 15,000 in 2011. It has proposed to increase their salary to Rs 20,000 from April 1. \"Around 12 nurses from a private hospital in Indore joined the SNCU in Burhanpur, eight in Khandwa and 10 in Shivpuri. Nurses from private hospitals in Jaipur are applying to work in the SNCUs here,\" said a state health department official.Doctors too are getting an early bonus. Every pediatrician working in these SNCUs now get Rs 38,500 - an increase from Rs 25,000 in 2009.Under the new proposal, the salary of pediatricians will be hiked to Rs 45,000. They will also get an additional Rs 15,000 as intensive care allowance. MP has 34 SNCUs.The sanctioned strength for every SNCU includes four pediatricians, 12 nurses, and two lab technicians.\"Against the sanctioned staff, the 34 functional units have an average of 3.5 pediatricians and 10.5 nurses across the state. From April 1, the number of nurses is being increased to 15 in every SNCU. To attract quality human resources in these units, MP has introduced major HR policy changes like enforcing of the rural service bond, where fresh post-graduate medical students are given a one-year compulsory posting at these units. Around 23 doctors are employed under this bond across 34 units,\" said Unicef's health specialist Dr Gagan Gupta, who helped MP set up its first SNCU in Guna in December, 2007.According to Dr Gupta, between 2008 and 2011, 81,567 sick newborns have been treated in these units out of which 40,000 were treated last year. \"Projected admissions for this year will be 60,000 children. The target is that by the end of 2012, there will be 50 SNCUs covering every district of MP,\" Dr Gupta added.Doctors and nurses opting to serve in these SNCUs are being trained at two of the country's most prestigious institutes PGI, Chandigarh, and Maluana Azad Medical College, Delhi.\"The course in PGI on intensive care services is for two weeks while that in MAMC is for 40 days. It's free for the candidate,\" Dr Gupta said.These SNCUs have worked wonders for MP's infant mortality rate (IMR). Union health ministry officials told TOI that the IMR of MP in 2010 has shown a fall of five points from 67 per 1,000 to 62 per 1,000 - the highest fall in IMR recorded for a state in the country and also the largest fall in a year in last decade, according to the SRS, 2010, data.SNCUs are the major focus even for the Union health ministry to reduce the country's IMR.According to the ministry's plan, all district hospitals will have a SNCU to handle critical neonatal cases over the next five years. They will mainly cater to children born at full term with low-birth weight. Low-birth weight babies have a greater risk for developing respiratory symptoms, including wheezing, coughing and pulmonary infections that increases their chances of mortality.Of the 2.6 crore births in India annually, 23% of the babies are low weight (below 2.5kg). Survival rates of low-weight babies are as high as 85%, if brought to a SNCU \"on time\".But lack of such units in every district hospital and sparse facilities in primary health centres causes loss of crucial time before a baby is brought to a SNCU. Union health secretary P K Pradhan told TOI that this year alone 100 SNCUs would be put in place, which is almost double of last year.\"We have 274 SNCUs across 10 states. In the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), every district hospital will have an SNCU,\" he added. SNCUs will target critical neonatal cases, and the poorest among poor will be able to access them. The facilities will be equipped with latest machines for pediatric care including radiant warmers, oxygen concentrator, infusion pump, apnea monitor and electronic weighing machines, treating acute cases like birth asphyxia, premature birth, neonatal jaundice, neonatal septicemia, complications of low-birth weight and extreme low-birth weight.\"Each SNCU will have an ICU complete with 12-16 beds, 16 trained nurses and three pediatricians working in eight hour shifts. It will cost Rs 40 lakh to set up each unit,\" Pradhan said.Neonatal deaths are one of India's major health challenges. SRS, 2009, data suggests, early neonatal mortality (within seven days of birth) and neonatal mortality (within 28 days of birth) stand at 27,000 and 34,000 live births, respectively. These translate to 7.02 lakh newborn deaths within the first seven days of birth, and 8.84 lakh newborn deaths within 28 days of birth. NMR constitutes 68% of the infant mortality rate - of which early NMR accounts for 54%. The ministry has started a home-based newborn scheme to reduce the high NMR, where Accredited Social Health Activist (ASHA) will visit the homes of new mothers six times in 42 days to encourage safe newborn care practices and early detection and free referral of sick babies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11670761", "title": "2.5kg gold ornaments stolen from jewellery shop", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major theft in a jewellery shop at Sarrafa market, gold ornaments weighing some two-and-a-half kg were stolen in the old city on Saturday morning. The incident came to light when the complainant, Sunil Soni, 43, a resident of Vijay Nagar, came to open shop--Sunil Sona Jewellers in the morning. On finding locks broken, Soni reported the matter to the police.The police have registered a case of theft after jewellers' of the area mounted pressure and threatened to stage chakka jam. He lodged an FIR of theft of jewellery worth Rs 80 lakh. However, the policemen suspect the quantity of stolen jewellery is far less than claimed.The police said no CCTV camera was installed in the shop. Besides, the vault in the basement of the shop was intact, the police added. The police said the complainant has yet to furnish a list of exact quantity of stolen valuables.The senior officials visited the spot to assess the real situation. The police said statements of the labourers working in a nearby under construction building would be recorded. Investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "moodabidri (dk district)", "code": "11670273", "title": "His message relevant now, than ever: seer", "text": "MOODABIDRI (DK DISTRICT): The foundation of Jainism has been laid on the principles of non-violence, peace and compassion. \"Standing atop the hill, He has been spreading the message of sacrifice, abdication, sublimity and non-violence. That is what Lord Bahubali signifies. The values He stood for are more relevant than ever before in these troubled times,'' said Moodabidri Jain Mutt seer Charukeerthi Bhattaraka.\"Bahubali, the crown prince of Paudanapura, realized that 'mind was the source of all diseases', and keeping it in check was the path to salvation,\" said the seer, pointing out how wars were still fought - because of one person or a wrong decision. \"Because of the wisdom of the ministers of Bahubali and his step-brother Bharatha, emperor of Ayodhya, a war was averted. This could be termed as the prelude to disarmament,'' he said.The seer said blinded by his ambition to conquer the world, Bharatha declared a war on Bahubali. The ministers advised them not to resort to bloodshed, but instead engage in duels. However, Bahubali wins in all the duels - dristhi yudda (staring each other without blinking eyelids), malla yuddha (wrestling) and jala yudda (splashing of water). Blinded with rage, Bharatha uses chakraratna (akin to Sudarshan Chakra, which had appeared in his armoury) on Bahubali. But to his surprise, it goes around Bahubali and stands still. Bharatha realises his folly and bows his head in shame. This has greater impact on Bahubali, who repents that his brother was shamed by him and also materialistic pursuits had caused this rift. In repentance, he gives away his kingdom to Bharatha and goes for penance.Though 12 years pass, Bahubali does not attain 'kaivalya jnana', the final hurdle in attaining moksha. Bharatha's father Adinatha, who has already attained 'kaivalya', says that Bahubali was guilty that he was still in Bharatha's kingdom. Bharatha tells Bahubali the kingdom was still his and advises him to observe penance in peace. After this, Bahubali attains 'kaivalya', then moksha -- earlier than his father did.\"Their story sends out a message of victory of dharma. The brothers were unique - one conquered the world in the worldly sense, the other in a spiritual sense. Since then, the 'tyaga yogi' called Gommateshwara, has been spreading the message of peace, non-violence and compassion to the whole world,'' the seer said. The ceremony, which takes place once in 12 years, signifies the period spent by Bahubali to attain 'kaivalya jnana'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11669378", "title": "Zeus or Abhimanyu? Mehtas struggle to decide", "text": "MODEL TOWN: It's not only Abhishek and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan who have not been able to decide on the name of their child. Our city's Arjun Mehta and his wife Rukmeet are going through the same indecisive phase.Zeus or Abhimanyu, they are having difficulty in choosing one name for the youngest member of Mehta family. It's been around one month now when the couple, who got married on January 23, 2011, were blessed with baby boy. The family wants to keep a special name for the baby because he took birth on a special date, January 1, 2012. While Arjun wants to go with Zeus, other family members are in favour of Abhimanyu. Even after consulting an astrologer and surfing the internet, the family has not been able to come to any conclusion.\"I don't want common names like Rahul or Ajay. I liked Zeus, which is the name of a Greek god and means 'living' but the family is suggesting Abhimanyu, because my name is Arjun,\" shared Arjun, a businessman. He said they had contacted an astrologer for suggesting the name and he told them to keep it with alphabets E, D, O and H but there are not many options available with them.Arjun added, \"I got married in January last year and always wished to be a father in this month only and when God has fulfilled my wish, I want to give a unique name to my baby. I surfed the internet and also asked friends to suggest some good names.\" Rukmeet said, \"He is our first baby... we can wait for some more time to find the best name for him. Since we have not decided any name, everybody calls him whatever they like.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "what's vijay's next flick after thuppakki? yohaan", "code": "11672402", "title": "Filmmakers short of movies' titles", "text": "What's Vijay's next flick after Thuppakki? Yohaan: Adhyaayam Ondru. Right. But, what is Ajith's film after Billa 2 titled? 'Production No 4'! If it is the title that is the calling card of a film, then, films featuring stars like Ajith, Karthi and Jiiva, and one by Mani Ratnam are still searching for one.Announcing Ajith's next after 'Billa 2', directed by Siva of Siruthai fame, the production team came out with prints ads that just mentioned the working title as 'Production No 4'. The film, in which Anushka is paired opposite Ajith, is said to be a commercial entertainer and the makers are looking for a catchy title like Mankatha that captures the imagination of fans.A similar tactic was followed for a Tamil-Telugu bilingual featuring Manoj Manchu (Tollywood actor Mohan Babu's son), which had the title as 'Production No 1'.Karthi's film with director Suraaj might be in the news for its many heroines, but that film too is till looking for a title.While it was earlier reported that Mani Ratnam had titled his next starring actor Karthik's son Gautam and Samantha in the lead, as 'Pookkadai', it seems that the ace director is yet to title his film.Kollywood grapevine has that another director has already registered the title ('Pookkadai') for his film. Mani Ratnam is mulling whether to name his film as 'Kadal', and considering that the film is set in a coastal area, it suits the film better.The team behind Jiiva's next was keen to have 'Kathalikka Neramillai', the title of the yesteryear classic, as the film's title, but currently is scouting for one. The film's director Ahmed had told us earlier, \"Since this is a romantic film, we felt that 'Kadhalikka Nermaillai' would be an apt title and decided to approach the producers of the original film to get the title rights. Unfortunately, we learnt the producers are currently intending to do a remake of the original with the same title. So, now, we are looking at fresh titles.\"Explaining the reason for this uncertainty over titles, film chronicler Film News Anandhan, says, \"Every star wants a title that is not only catchy but also one that has the potential to become a buzzword. At the same time, they also do not want their title to sound similar to another actor's film. A great title is essential especially for commercial films, as there is very little difference between them when it comes to the story.\"Industry sources also point out that most producers insist on a Tamil title so that the film has a chance to get a tax exemption. And, the controversy surrounding Karikalan's title has only made filmmakers more cautious on this issue as they do not want the title to attract negative publicity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "sex life a bit lacking? take heart", "code": "11670018", "title": "Drink tea, make better love", "text": "Sex life a bit lacking? Take heart: the answer lies not in scarysounding toys or tantric techniques, but a nice cup of tea. That's the comforting view of leading marital therapist Andrew G Marshall. He explains how it works: \"If you stop in the middle of love-making to have tea and talk to each other, it shows how desire comes and goes - that sex isn't just a race to the end. It allows you time to be intimate with each other. Sex which used to last 15 minutes suddenly lasts an hour and a half.\"Marshall is on a mission to reclaim monogamous sex for couples who are puzzling out how to feel sexy with the partner who shares the frankly unsexy business of domestic life and bringing up children. As a marital therapist with practices in London and Sussex, Marshall has enjoyed a rare insight into the love lives of people over the past 25 years. His latest book is, How to Make Love Like a Prairie Vole: Six Steps to Passionate, Plentiful and Monogamous Sex (Bloomsbury), published both as a book and an app.In his view, too many couples resign themselves to little or no sex after the first few years and pretend they don't mind while secretly yearning for better sex - or resorting to an affair. \"Too often people leave a relationship at just the point when sex has the potential to get much better,\" Marshall says.\"One myth I particularly want to challenge is that after the first few years it's downhill all the way and once you get past 40 that's about it - you've got one last chance and you'd better grab it quickly. That encourages all sorts of stupid affairs.Marshall encourages couples to reinvent their sex lives every few years. It's not about spicing things up superficially with new techniques and toys but about building confidence and openness. If couples can pull this off - in the face of undeniable pressures like kids and careers - sex gets better and better. Yet the very glue that binds long-term relationships can hamper progress, because individuals are naturally wary of suggesting changes for fear of rocking the emotional boat and as time goes on there's so much more at stake. And while it's all very well for sexperts to bang on about the importance of communication, most couples haven't got a clue where to begin.Too often sex has become the elephant in the room; a subject far too scary to bring up because it feels like criticism. So much easier to bite your tongue and put up with things the way they are.Marshall's advice is to avoid bringing up problems, which will make your partner feel defensive. Instead start by talking about what you like about your sex life and remembering what was wonderful in the past. That should help to break the ice for further discussion.Marshall is also keen to bust the myths about sex which hold couples back: that it has to be spontaneous and that both partners have to be equally turned on at the same time. \"That puts people under extreme pressure,\" he says. \"If you wait until you both feel in the mood you'd probably only have sex once a year.\"And he urges couples to treat sex as a priority, rather than the last thing on the minds of two exhausted individuals. Parents, whether their children are teenagers or toddlers, should take note: \"If anything is causing problems in our sex lives, it's the sense that we have to be super-parents who are available to our children 24/7,\" he says.--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11669198", "title": "Under pressure, Indra may surrender soon", "text": "JODHPUR: After surrender of a close friend Reshmaram Bishnoi, there are speculations that Congress MLA Malkhan Singh Bishnoi's sister Indra Bishnoi might also surrender before the CBI soon in the Bhanwari Devi case.Sources said the CBI has mounted pressure on absconding Indra Bishnoi and is likely to succeed in making her also surrender just like the agency did in the case of several other accused.The CBI has arrested 16 persons so far, of which 13 are under judicial custody and three under CBI custody.In order to exert pressure on the absconders, CBI was forced to go a little beyond the line and summoned their family members. These tactics ultimately proved its worth and most of them were forced to give in to the pressure of CBI and surrender before the agency.For example, in order to get Malkhan Singh Bishnoi turn up, CBI constantly summoned his sons and even his Jaipur-based brother in the name of interrogation and raided his business establishments and on failing to get him despite that, summoned his daughters-in-law, which worked wonders and brought Malkhan to them in just 2 hours of their summoning.Of these 16 arrested so far, Sohan Lal Bishnoi and Balia were the first to be arrested even before the CBI took over the investigation on October 12. After this, Shahabuddin was the first to surrender on October 22 followed by Sahi Ram Bishnoi on December 23. Between this period, the CBI had arrested Mahipal Maderna, Parasram Bishnoi and Amarchand. Till now, six persons have surrendered before the CBI through police.\"Even those who have been arrested like all the five members of Bishnaram Bishnoi gang, it is the fall out of the constant pressure mounted by the police and the CBI,\" said a police officer.Now, with the surrender of Reshmaram Bishnoi, a government teacher and close to Indra Bishnoi, CBI is looking forward to her surrender also. She also has been interrogated a number of times earlier but before she went absconding, she also attempted shenanigans in order to avoid interrogation by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11670782", "title": "Children in Dhannipur undernourished lot", "text": "VARANASI:Two deaths of malnourished kids in 2008 had brought a lot of attention to Dhannipur Nayi Basti, but beyond governmental promises, not much has changed for those living in Dhannipur Nayi Basti in weaver-dominated Lohta.Still struggling to make two ends meet, large families, uncertain means of livelihood and official apathy are taking their toll on the health of the children here. \"Yeh sahi hai ki 2008 ke baad kuposhan se koi bachcha nahi mara hai, lekin zindgi ke halaat bhi behtar nahi hue hain (It is true that no malnutrition death has been reported after 2008, but there has been no improvement in our living conditions as well),\" said Mohammed Moid, a native of the basti.\"The leaders come to our area only at the time of elections with lots of promises, but they never return after elections,\" he lamented. \"What we need most is the guarantee of livelihood for our survival,\" he said. The village has a population of 1,500, all associated with weaving trade. Dhannipur village had shot into limelight when a malnourished child had died on May 30, 2008. The entire administration had swung into action and the district magistrate along with health officials had visited the village to take stock of the situation. In follow up action, 11 children diagnosed with PEMand health status of children of 0-6 years age group, reduce incidence of mortality, morbidity, malnutrition and achieve effective co-ordination of policy and implementation among various departments to promote child development. The scheme provides an integrated approach for converging basic services through community-based workers and helpers in Anganwadi centres.According to Gupta, there are 3,914 such centres including 3,287 Anganwadi and 627 mini Anganwadi centres in the district to look after the needs of malnourished and underweight children. For proper growth of a child, a balanced died is needed to maintain the balance of protein and energy. \"According to the standards of the Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR), a child of the age group of four to six years needs 1690 calorie per kg per day while his protein requirement is 29 gram per day, the ratio of protein and energy,\" said Arvind Singh, a former office bearer of the Indian Medical Association. According to him, the ratio of protein and energy should be 6:8 for proper growth. Malnutrition is a general term for a medical condition caused by an improper or insufficient diet.Most commonly, malnourished children either do not have enough calories in their diet, or are eating a diet that lacks protein, vitamins, or trace minerals. Health problems arising from malnutrition are commonly referred to as deficiency diseases. were found normal. Malnutrition among children is a matter of serous concern as pointed out by the PM who said health of our economy and society lay in the health of children. The recently released HUNGaMA (Hunger and Malnutrition) Report has worried the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. In his speech at the release of HUNGaMA (Hunger and Malnutrition) Report, the PM said the problem of malnutrition was amatter of national shame.The occurrence of malnutrition also puts a question mark on the implementation of ICDS scheme introduced in the country in 1975 for early childhood development. The main objectives of ICDS are to lay the foundation for proper psychological development of children, improve nutritional 2007, there were 503 severely malnourished children in Grade-III and Grade-IV categories of Protein Energy Malnutrition (PEM) in the district.Out of them, 100 were in the category of Grade IV indicating irreparable damage to growth and development of children.\"In the latest survey conducted in December 2011 in the district, there were 325 malnourished children of Grade-III and 42 children of Grade-IV,\" informed Gurmeet Gupta, the district programme officer of Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) scheme. According to her, 53,788 children were found Grade-II of malnutrition and 1,18,092 were suffering from Grade-I malnutrition. Out of 3,37,232 children under six in the district 164985 children IV and PEM-III grades of malnutrition were admitted to the Shiv Prasad Gupta Government Hospital. Later, one more malnourished child of the same village had died in November 2008.\"Nothing has improved in our life. We have to struggle hard for our survival,\" said Sultana Bibi, the wife of a weaver when TOI team made a visit to Dhannipur village recently. To support her family of nine, she runs a petty betel shop in her brick house situated in one of the narrow lanes of the village. \"You can imagine how we manage to feed our children on a meager income of Rs 50-70 a day,\" she pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11670842", "title": "Syndicate or selection panel, who decides?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala University administration is mired in controversies and is being constantly dragged into courts.After the posting of university assistants took an ugly course with the Lok Ayukta's observation about the appointments, it is the turn of the post of controller of exams to enter into a legal tangle.After the university syndicate vetoed the appointment of the candidate nominated by the selection committee headed by the vice-chancellor, the high court stayed the proceedings as the candidate approached the court.This new development will force the university wait further for the new controller of exams at a time when exams are round the corner. The post has remained vacant since March 2011.\"There are multiple opinions in this matter. The candidate selected by the committee will have an edge if he can convince the court that he had been selected by a committee that has representation from the syndicate. At the same time, syndicate can argue that it is the sole deciding authority even if a candidate has been selected by the committee,\" sources in the university said.Syndicate members argue that the selection committee only has the power to nominate and that the final decision rests with the syndicate, which has to ratify an appointment.The three-member selection committee comprising vice-chancellor A Jayakrishnan and two other syndicate members had nominated K Madhu Kumar as the controller of exams. The syndicate struck down the nomination by 10 votes to eight.Syndicate members irrespective of political affiliations, had joined hands to veto the appointment alleging that the candidate did not have the required qualification.Interestingly, those who voted against the selection committee's nominee also included UDF members who, according to sources, had acted upon the directive from the education minister's office, which was looking for a Muslim candidate.And with the court staying further proceedings, the university's plan to re-notify the post will also have to be shelved for the time being.It will now have to wait till the high court clears Madhu Kumar's petition, which may take months. Till then, College Development Council director M Jayaprakash will continue to hold the additional charge of the controller of examinations.Kerala varsity dragged to court over selection of controller of exams. After the university syndicate vetoed the appointment of the candidate nominated by the selection committee headed by the vice-chancellor, the high court stayed the proceedings as the candidate approached the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668063", "title": "PCMC areas do not get adequate water", "text": "PUNE: Over the last five years, the civic administration of Pimpri Chinchwad has frequently drawn the ire of a section of corporators who feel the municipal corporation is not doing enough to address water scarcity issue. The argument is that Pimpri-Chinchwad has more number of elevated reservoirs as compared to Pune, but the problem here is more severe than Pune.The Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation (PCMC), however, says that supply is adequate and that required measures have already been taken not just for the city but for the increased population in the fringe areas. They cite the pilot project of 24x7 water supply, which is being implemented in Yamunanagar. Now, they feel it could be taken up for the entire city.Independent corporator Maruti Bhapkar says that over the last six months, areas like Mohannagar and parts in Chinchwad have been short of water. \"The situation is by and large same in other areas. Distribution of water is unplanned,\" he said. Corporator Sulabha Ubale said the residents of Yamunagar have been frequently receiving water with low pressure.So far, the water supply department has completed 12 of the 24 proposed elevated storage reservoirs (ESR) in different parts of Pimpri Chinchwad. The project is under Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) and would cost Rs 19.24 crore.The ESRs will be constructed at Bopkhel, Dighi, Dighi magazine Ashram school (Gulwevasti), Indrayaninagar, Jadhavwadi, Chikhli, Talawade, Charholi, Wadmukhwadi, Chowiswadi, Dudulgaon, Moshi, Annasaheb Magar stadium (Nehrunagar), Khandobamal chowk (Akurdi), Mamurdi, Kiwale, Ravet, Sr. No. 20 Rahatni, Pimpale Nilkah, Pimpale Gurav gaothan, Kasarwadi, Chinchwadgaon MIDC and two tanks at Elpro in Chinchwad.The capacity of each ESR is between 10 lakh and 20 lakh litres.Prior to JNNURM, there were 69 ESRs. The water supply department officials say that construction of all 24 reservoirs is likely to be completed by March this year. Corporators argue that despite having so many reservoirs, the city still faces water shortage. Civic officials say the geographical situation of Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad cities is totally different.\"There are a number of hills in Pune like Vetal tekdi, Parvati hill, Taljai hill and others so ESRs which act as mother ESRs are built on these hills. In Pimpri Chinchwad, there are no hills. As a result, more ESRs need to be built for supplying water to nearby areas,\" he said.The main source of drinking water for Pimpri-Chinchwad is Pavana dam, which is located about 40 kilometers from the city. Water released through this dam is stored in the bund at Ravet village on Pavana. The civic body lifts the raw water from this bund and treats it at the water treatment plants located at Nigdi-Pradhikaran before supplying it as drinking water.The PCMC has planned to draw the water directly from the dam to be treated at Nigdi. However, the project has been opposed by a large section of farmers. The project is now on the backburner following a major agitation by farmers in August last year which resulted in death of three people.The corporation, meanwhile, has completed the phase IV of the water supply scheme. It is now supplying 425 million litres per day (MLD) to the city with a population of 17 lakh. While there have been complaints about inadequate water supply, the civic administration claims that each person in the city gets more water than the stipulated 135 litres per day.24x7 water in YamunanagarThe Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation (PCMC) is working on a pilot project for providing 24x7 water supply in Yamunagar area of Nigdi-Pradhikaran.The corporation had attempted a similar plan for the Nigdi-Pradhikaran zone, but it did not succeed. The corporation has now decided to revive the project with a limited area.Civic officials said the process of conducting the groundwork for starting the pilot project is in progress. The selected Yamunanagar area in Nigdi-Pradhikaran will have to be isolated from our water supply network. The pilot project is expected to begin this year. The corporation also has plans to plug leakages.24 plaints about water supplyThe water supply department of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has received 274 complaints on its helpline which was started two years back.Thomas Naronha, in-charge of the wireless department, said, \"The civic body started the water helpline on January 17, 2010. The helpline number is 67339999.\"Most of the complaints are about irregular supply or about low water pressure. Besides, there are complaints about inadequate supply for two or three days at a stretch and pipeline leakages. Citizens are given a feedback about the status of the complaint, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11670834", "title": "Child Rights' panel demands report on Dewas debacle", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) has in a letter to the Collector Dewas district on Saturday sought details about reports of the incident where a small boy was shown bathing under a cold water tap despite the winter chill at the district Municipal Corporation's tableau during the Republic Day parade on Thursday.Commission member Vibhangshu Joshi said, \"The commission has asked for an investigation report of the incident from the Dewas collector. Also a medical examination report of the boy has been sought.\"Mukesh Chandra Gupta, collector of district Dewas, which is 150 kms from the state capital Bhopal, had attended the Republic Day parade where the tableau of the Dewas Municipal Corporation was shown. With a theme related to water, it depicted a person opening the tap of a water tank and an eight-year-old child taking bath under it.A few photo-journalists present on the occasion noticed the plight of the child, stripped to the waist and taking bath under the tap and shivering in the winter chill. They asked the authorities to save him from further trouble and to take him off from this live demonstration of the civic body's ample water supply.Commission members said they were appalled at the incident and that they also feared for the health of the boy. \"The medical examination report has been sought for the same reason as the boy could possibly contract pneumonia,\" said a member.\"Not just a medical report, the child should be monitored for a month to check for other symptoms,\" said another.\"Increasingly, incidences of child abuse were coming to fore in the state,\" rued a member indicating to the Chhindwara incident of the tribal boy tying shoelaces of a minister.The Dewas collector has been asked to submit the report within a week's time, informed the members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11668196", "title": "Guv urges ASI to explore Bihar's history further", "text": "PATNA: Today, information technology is in thing, rather than archaeology. But we will remain rootless if we don't know our history, said Bihar governor Devanand Konwar here on Saturday.He was speaking after inaugurating the 150th anniversary celebrations of the Archaeological Survey of India at the A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies here. The event was organized by ASI's Patna circle.\"Without it (archaeology), plans for future cannot be made. Only when we know our past, we can draw inspiration to excel in future,\" the governor told a 500 and odd gathering of archaeologists, academics and others.Though Konwar appreciated the work of ASI in Bihar, he said: \"Bihar still has many things to discover. I will request you (ASI) to explore Bihar further.\" He added, \"Archaeology is not just excavation. It has many dimensions. It excavates history, past civilization, heritage, history and past spirit,\" the governor said.Making a strong pitch for preservation of the remains of humanity, the governor said, \"Our history will work as a guiding force for the posterity. It is important that we continue to excavate. It is similarly important that we preserve the excavated history.\"A total of eight eminent archaeologists (now retired), who have dedicated their lives to the exploration of various valuable sites in the state, were felicitated on the occasion. The governor handed over a memento, a citation letter and a shawl in appreciation of their work. The felicitated archaeologists are B S Verma, B K Sharan, B Nath, D P Sinha, B S Jha, S K Chaudhari, R K Sinha and A N Roy.Minister for youth, art and culture department, Sukhda Pandey asked ASI to continue efforts to explore the state's hidden heritage. She promised all possible support to ASI on behalf of the state government. \"It is India's rich history which has got it recognition in the world. We will progress only when we further know our history,\" she added.ASI, Patna circle, also released a brochure on \"Vaishali-revealing the past\". An official website of excavation branch III, was also formally launched by the governor. The website is 'asiexbrpatna.bih.nic.in'.S K Manjul, superintending archaeologist, told TOI that ASI would put up a mega exhibition themed on the heritage of Bihar and its preservation during the upcoming Bihar Diwas celebrations at Gandhi Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11669047", "title": "Cheating case against groom for calling off marriage", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bizarre incident, a cheating case was booked against a 30-year-old grocery store owner after he refused to marry his fiancee citing ill-treatment by her family members.According to LB Nagar sub-insector (SI) M Mallikarjun, family members of the man from Malkajgiri and the 25-yer-old girl from Mansoorabad agreed for their marriage on December 12, 2011,.Subsequently, on January 25, the couple got engaged in a ceremony held at the girl's house and the wedding date was fixed as February 29. \"However, two days after the engagement, suddenly the groom told the bride's family that he is not interested in the marriage and it should be called off,\" the SI said.When grilled by the family members of the girl for the sudden change of decision, the groom informed them through his family that he did not like the way he was treated by the bride's family and hence decided against marrying the girl.Enraged with the tantrums of the bridegroom, the girl's family members, who had already spent a lot of money for the engagement ceremony and booking marriage hall, lodged a complaint against him at the LB Nagar police station.Based on the complaint lodged by the girl's father, police have booked a cheating case against the bridegroom under section 420 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668422", "title": "Seven patients in Sassoon improve", "text": "PUNE: Seven patients, who were injured in Wednesday's incident, have shown improvement in the last two days and are out of danger, said the doctors at the Sassoon hospital. As many as 30 people were under treatment at various hospitals in the city since Wednesday. Sassoon witnessed the highest number of cases with as many as 13 patients admitted to the hospital.\"We are treating seven patients who have sustained injuries in head and limb. All patients are out of danger and have shown improvement,\" said D G Kulkarni, medical superintendent of the Sassoon hospital.He added that two patients - Tanaji Kale and Changdeo Bhandwalkar - are admitted in the ICU. Both are out of danger, he said. Kulkarni said that six patients sought discharge from the hospital in the last two days, some against medical advice.Some patients moved to private hospitals for further treatments. He added that among the patients who were treated at Sassoon, 90% faced head-related injuries. \"We have revived all the patients,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11677822", "title": "Truck-full of liquor seized by excise sleuths", "text": "VARANASI: The excise department sleuths succeeded in nabbing a truck near Sampurnanand Sanskrit University in Jagatganj, Chetganj, on Sunday afternoon.According to district excise officer Dheeraj Singh, acting on a tip-off, the excise department sleuths caught a truck that appeared empty. It was parked near the SSU campus. But, when the excise officials checked the truck, a hidden chamber was detected in which 720 bottles of many brands of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) were packed in several boxes. Singh said the truck driver had managed to escape.When the registration certificate of the truck was recovered from a basket in the vehicle, it was found that one Brij Mohan of Delhi, whose temporary address was mentioned in Haryana, was its owner. The liquor was brought from the same state. He said as the excise duty on IMFL was very low in Haryana in comparison to UP, the liquor was sold there on cheaper cost. Due to the same reason, the liquor smuggling gangs preferred to buy the liquor from there and sold it at a higher cost in UP.As no arrest was made, the officials failed to find out who had to receive the consignment. Singh said it was being suspected that the consignment was brought for the assembly polls. The vehicle and liquor were seized. SP City MS Chauhan said the police were also investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11669336", "title": "Candidate takes buffalo ride to file nomination papers", "text": "His rivals may choose SUVs and motorcade to make their point, but not Dinesh Yadav. In fray from Bakshi ka Talab assembly constituency as an independent, Yadav hit upon a novel choice of sawari. He rode a buffalo to the district magistrate's office for filing his nomination papers on Saturday. It did seem a rather arresting sight a beaming Yadav in sparking khadi with marigold malas around his neck astride an obviously bemused buffalo with a well oiled coat and well decorated horn and neck, moving in a slow motion procession of 50-odd admirers. People actually stopped and stared, something for which our blue blooded netas would give their right arm and much else for. And after reaching the destination - the barricading in front of the DM office beyond which no vehicle is allowed in, our man did a Rajnikant stunt. He jumped off quite effortlessly and walked away leaving it for his supporters to mind the bhains. If for nothing the man deserves a big hand for opting out for a pollution free, noise free, eco-friendly mode of transportation. There could be a small issue about patent with Lord Yama though, but Dinesh ji with his \"bucolic sense\" would be able to wriggle out of this one too.Cong sings quawallisMuslims votes are important. Just how much ask Congress. The party has been doing everything to please the minority right from sub quota politics to bowing before the Deoband fatwa and banging the door of Jaipur Litfest on Salman Rushdie's face. Observers even link Rahul bhaiya's bearded look to Muslim wooing. Diggy raja's pro minority musings now and then are of course the icing on the cake to maximise the impact. And now comes the quawalli card. UPCC has released its collection of poll songs, which will leave \"the party with a difference\" literally speechless and badly out of tune. Instead of copying the Bollywood ditties and lyrics to sell themselves the Congresswallahs have actually hired Sukhvinder and Mohammad Waqil to belt out couple of racy numbers- one of them a paean to Rahul ji .Foot tapping music and highly hummable, if you substitute the words.Sonia to start UP campaign on Feb 1Congress president Sonia Gandhi would kick off her election campaign for Uttar Pradesh assembly with meetings in Gonda and Deoria on February 1, said the party general secretary and UP in-charge Digvijay Singh here on Saturday. He said that Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi would address election meetings in Sitapur, Barabanki and Faizabad on January 31.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11669470", "title": "Radar to help reschedule flights", "text": "JAIPUR: Delayed flights and endless wait for passengers outside the airport owing to lack of information will be a thing of past in the state. A C-Band Doppler Weather Radar (DWR), capable of weather surveillance of up to 300 km, was installed at the Met office in Jaipur on Saturday.The radar, a first in state and second in the country, can accurately forecast monsoons, thunderstorms, velocity of winds and other weather-related phenomena. It also has a unique feature to identify electrically-charged clouds which are a major cause of flight delays.\"The accurate information on the formation of these clouds will help in re-scheduling the flights,\" said RK Singh, Jaipur airport director who was present at the inaugural ceremony of the radar installation.Earlier, weather experts would forecast the formation of these clouds, which lacked accuracy. The radar will cover the entire state including Udaipur and Jodhpur airport.The machine generates pictures depicting location of clouds, expected time of rain and its volume, wind velocity, cloud intensity and wind shear. The pictures form the basis for weather analysis. The radar takes 10 minutes to provide information, which is much faster compared to previous radar.The information will be useful for forecasters in estimating the volume of rain, its location and predicting its future path, thereby, helping the disaster management team to act before any natural calamity strikes.Such prior information will be particularly useful at airports, crop fields, sporting venues. \"It will help us to issue weather alert much ahead of time saving several lives from disasters,\" said SS Singh, director, Met office, Jaipur.This radar has been manufactured in Finland and costs Rs 8 crore.The Met department is planning to rope in agencies to disseminate weather information to the farmers through mobiles. Similar radars will be installed in Kota, Sriganganagar and Jodhpur in near future, Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur/chandrapur", "code": "11670383", "title": "Chandrapur cops net big Naxal fish", "text": "NAGPUR/CHANDRAPUR: Naxals and security forces scored a point each on Saturday. While the Naxals stunned Gadchiroli police by eliminating Bahadurshah Alam, the sitting chairman of Panchayat Samiti and president of block Congress committee, at Bhamragarh, Chandrapur police dealt a blow to the rebels by netting Maruti Kurwatkar, a member of the Maharashtra Rajya State Committee.Alam was killed with three bullets pumped into his chest. The incident left a trail of fear with Gadchiroli entering into election mode soon. The arrest of Kurwatkar has weakened the already wobbly state committee with secretary Milind Teltumbde being the only experienced leader at the top still not in the police net.Sources said Naxals have issued threats to senior political leaders and appealed to residents to boycott the forthcoming ZP and civic polls.Alam was preparing to file his nomination and spent Friday at Aheri to get his documents ready. He had reached Bhamragarh in the early hours of the day and had gone to the chowk for 'chai' when three bike-borne youths shot him from close quarters with firearms fitted with silencers.Alam was the former chairman of the subject committee of the Gadchiroli Zilla Parishad. In 2002, the Naxals had eliminated district congress president Malu Bogami. It was the second tragedy in the Alam family within a year as his teenage son had died after falling off the Bhamragarh bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11668986", "title": "Saraswati Puja celebrated in Pine City", "text": "SHILLONG: A group of boys and girls in the Pine City have decided to appeal to Goddess Saraswati to free the country from the shackles of corruption. Asked as to how they would accomplish the feat, one of them said, \"It is a ritual to write \"om saraswatye namoh\" on a piece of paper and present it to the goddess Saraswati a day after the puja. This year, we have decided to write to her to relieve us all from corruption\".In Pine City, Saraswati Puja is celebrated by students and people in general from all sections of society. Festivals in the cosmopolitan Meghalaya capital have always been shared and enjoyed by one and all.\"I took my daughters around to visit the puja pandals,\" says Sam, a Khasi Muslim. Veronica Majaw, who is on vacation, added, \"Saraswati is not only the goddess of learning but also music as she plays the veena and has a swan as her escort.\"Girls dressed in traditional finery were seen all over the town. \"It is a ritual for us to wear 'basanti' (yellow) saris on Saraswati Puja, which is also known as Basant Panchami,\" said Ellora Dutta, a student pursing her degree course in a city college.Sumon Das, a defence personnel posted in Shillong, said, \"At this time of the year, when winter is at its biting best, Saraswati Puja brings people out of their home and unites one and all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11668989", "title": "Focus on 17 neglected tropical diseases soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 17 neglected tropical diseases (NTDs) - many of which affect millions of Indians - are all set to get the much-needed attention.Nine pharmaceutical company CEOs, Bill Gates along with the World Health Organization (WHO) will loosen their purse strings on Monday to announce a range of measures to achieve a common goal: NTD elimination by 2020.According to a document, released on January 26 by the WHO, over $2 billion is needed to prevent and treat all people at risk of contracting a common NTD by 2015.Two such neglected diseases - dengue and cysticercosis - are costing India about $45 million every year. Globally, NTDs affect one in six persons, many of them among the world's poorest. The coordinated efforts include categories of research and development, drug supply and resources for implementation.The programme aims to improve the lives of over 1.4 billion people worldwide and help them achieve self-sufficiency. Around one billion of the poor across the world suffer from NTDs, mostly in urban slums.NTDs kill an estimated 534,000 people each year, says WHO.India has a huge disease burden of rabies, caused by dog bites. In India, 20,000 rabies deaths (that is about two persons in 100,000) are estimated to occur annually. In Asia, 31,000 deaths are estimated to occur annually (1.2/100,000 population). WHO identified 17 NTDs in 149 countries, and found that more than one-thirds of the 2.7 billion people living on less than $2 a day were affected.WHO director general Dr Margaret Chan said, \"Though medically diverse, NTDs form a group because all are strongly associated with poverty and all flourish in impoverished environments.\"She added, \"Most are ancient diseases that have plagued humanity for centuries. Today, NTDs are largely hidden, concentrated in remote rural areas or urban slums. They are also largely silent, as the people affected or at risk have little political voice.\"Chan also says NTDs have traditionally ranked low on both national and international health agendas.According to WHO, these diseases anchor large populations in poverty. For instance, onchocerciasis and trachoma cause blindness. Leprosy and lymphatic filariasis deform in ways that hinder economic productivity. Without post-exposure prophylaxis, rabies causes acute encephalitis, and is always fatal. Leishmaniasis leaves permanent scars and is rapidly fatal if untreated. Dengue has emerged as a fast spreading vector-borne disease affecting mostly poor, urban populations.It is also the leading cause of hospital admissions in several countries. WHO says, \"The effort is directed towards achieving the targets for the control of NTDs set by the World Health Assembly that will contribute to attaining the Millennium Development Goals in 2015 and further elimination targets by 2020. However, millions of people still need free high-quality treatments and millions more still need care and treatment for human dog-mediated rabies, echinococcosis, leishmaniasis and other NTDs seemingly difficult to treat. Country level capacity needs to be strengthened through well-trained healthcare providers and managers for the sustained implementation of efficient control programmes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11675323", "title": "Hazare undergoes medical tests in Delhi", "text": "GURGAON: Anna Hazare , suffering from persistent cough and back pain, today underwent a check-up at a super-speciality hosptial here before he heads to Bangalore for naturopathy treatment in the next couple of days.Hazare flew down to Delhi from Pune at around 1.30pm and straightaway left for Medanta Medicity headed by eminent cardiologist Naresh Trehan where he underwent a series of medical tests.The 74-year-old activist was treated for acute bronchitis at a hospital in Mumbai earlier this month after he called off his hunger strike for a strong Lokpal Bill midway. He was discharged on January 8.Hazare is suffering from cough, back-pain, high blood pressure and has swellings in his legs.Team Anna sources alleged that he was administered anti-biotics and steroids in overdose during some earlier treatment. Doctors at Medanta Medicity did not confirm this claim.Dr RR Kasliwal, head of internal medicine at Medanta Medicity who is attending on him said, \"He came to us with complaints of breathlessness and high blood pressure. We will conduct a couple of investigations and he will undergo treatment for both.\"\"He has come to us with a specific problem and we are treating him for that. As far as we we know he has no heart ailment and his vital organs are all right,\" he said.Hazare is likely to stay in Medanta for next couple of days after which he will be shifted to Bangalore's Jindal Naturecare Institute.Earlier, after calling off his 12-day hunger strike in Ramlila Maidan in August last year, Hazare had gone to Medanta for treatment.The doctors led by Naresh Trehan had also constantly monitored his condition during the Ramlila agitation.Hazare's health condition forced him to call off the jail bharo agitation and prevented him taking a tour of the five poll-bound states.However, he has said that he will embark on a nation-wide tour soon after he recovers from his illness during which he will \"awaken\" the people on the issue of corruption.\"Soon after I regain my health, I will embark on an all- India tour. Then the corrupt people will understand that the allegations they level against me will not have an effect on people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669650", "title": "SIT yet to probe Bhatt's presence at Modi's house", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT) has not questioned any cop from the State intelligence Bureau (SIB) to cross-check suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt's claim that he was present in the meeting held on February 27, 2002, at chief minister Narendra Modi' residence.During the probe, the most sensational of revelations has come from Bhatt when he accused Modi of issuing illegal instructions to permit Hindus to vent their anger against Muslims following Godhra carnage.SIT seemed to have disregarded the evidence, which prompted the cop to file an affidavit before SC. He also accused SIT of being involved in major a cover-up operation.Bhatt experienced first hindrance in his much-delayed campaign, when his confidante K D Panth backed out and got the IPS officer booked instead. Bhatt had to remain behind bars for 20-odd days, and finally a charge sheet was filed against him and his lawyer and Congressman V H Kanara.On the other hand, SIT has remained a silent observer, though Bhatt has repeatedly requested the probe agency to verify his claims regarding his presence in the alleged meeting. He has often written to SIT chief to record statements of cops who were posted at the control room and with SIB.Panth, along with half a dozen other constables, received appreciation letters and rewards very often from July 2001 to April 2002 for the extra work they put in for different tasks assigned to them.The assignments varied from VIP security arrangement to manning control rooms and sending field reports during the riots in 2002.Police officials with SIB and control room like police inspector M K Sharma, intelligence officers N P Bihola, M J Waghela, B R Gilatar, S R Multani, E L Krishan and many more besides Panth had been appreciated and rewarded for their services.Bhatt has been claiming that SIT could dig out more facts by examining these cops. Moreover, they could also throw light on Panth's changing stand regarding his presence on February 27, 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "dehradun/new delhi", "code": "11669368", "title": "BJP slams Cong\u2019s \u2018division\u2019 politics", "text": "DEHRADUN/NEW DELHI: One day after it vowed to abolish the recently-promulgated Muslim quota within the OBC reservation pie, BJP attacked Congress for promising the minority community a share proportional to their population within the larger \"backward\" reservation scheme and slammed its rival for indulging in \"competitive communalism\".Reacting to the promise in Congress's \"Vision Document\", BJP leader Arun Jaitley on Saturday dubbed the document a \"division document\". \"The Vision Document of Congress seems more like division document as it states about providing reservation on the basis of religion. I want to ask Congress to reconsider it as it is neither in the interest of the nation nor any political party\", agency reports quoted the BJP leader saying in Dehradun.He alleged that the Congress proposal was in effect a faith-based quota, which was not allowed under the Constitution, was divisive and would hurt the genuine interests of backward classes, warning \"this deprivation could agitate the people belonging to backward classes and lead to tension in the society\".The focus on the \"Muslim quota\" which has become a major wedge issue in the polls is consistent with BJP's plan to tap into any unrest among politically significant OBCs over the proposal to hive off a part of the OBC pie exclusively for \"backwards\" belonging to the minority community. The saffron outfit, which was once taunted as \"Brahmin and bania\" party because of its narrow upper-caste base, expanded aggressively beyond its social core to embrace \"backwards\" the 90s. Its appeal shrank equally fast to be confined to the upper castes.The party sees in the \"Muslim quota\" an opportunity to renew its appeal to the OBCs, feeling confident that it will be the sole beneficiary of any angst among the \"backwards\" over the quota as dependence of SP and BSP on Muslim votes has seen them trying to better Congress's outreach to Muslims. The calculation came off clearly in Jaitley's remarks at Dehradun on Saturday. \"UP has become a battleground for competitive communalism,\" he said.BJP is comfortable playing up the \"quota issue\" for another reason as well: it allows the party to play its old ``appeasement\" theme without sounding overtly \"communal\". The invocation of constitutional aversion towards faith-based quotas invokes fears of communal separateness getting institutionalized and kindles fears of the consequences can, its strategists hope, will resonate with groups that have not been sympathetic to its lament about the pampering of Muslims.He said providing reservation on the basis of religion would not only divide the society but also deprive backward classes of their genuine rights. Jaitley accused Congress of seeking to exacerbate divisions within society for electoral gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "in the christmas of 1966, when the vietnam war was at its peak, thousands of american soldiers were gathered in thailand. cigarettes dangling from mouths and sunglasses in tow, the armed troops thundered with applause as the golf club-toting american entertainer, bob hope, gambolled and cracked his audience up with jibes comparing vietnam to playboy club east. the guest of the evening, a woman in a tightly wrapped zari saree and danglers, was called on stage after a warning for the audience", "code": "11670228", "title": "Stilettos, swimsuit and stethoscope", "text": "In the Christmas of 1966, when the Vietnam war was at its peak, thousands of American soldiers were gathered in Thailand. Cigarettes dangling from mouths and sunglasses in tow, the armed troops thundered with applause as the golf club-toting American entertainer, Bob Hope, gambolled and cracked his audience up with jibes comparing Vietnam to Playboy Club East. The guest of the evening, a woman in a tightly wrapped zari saree and danglers, was called on stage after a warning for the audience: no fainting in the aisles. The girl, who Hope described as \"the most beautiful girl alive\", offered to check his pulse. \"If you're a medical student, every one of these guys is in need of operating,\" Hope roared. As Reita Faria, the first Indian Miss World, made American soldiers laugh as part of her Miss World contract, an ocean away at home, Indian government officials were unamused with her appearance, given the state's neutral position during the war. \"There was a bit of a controversy but it settled down soon. No one had expected me to win and that's why there was no advice on the signing of the contract,\" she says.But Faria, who is currently in Mumbai for the fiftieth reunion of her college, was always an unlikely beauty pageant winner. A student of Grant Medical College in Mumbai, she submitted her photograph as a prank after Eve's Weekly, a woman's fortnightly of that time, released an advertisement. \"I was just having some fun. I was six months away from becoming a doctor and was certain that I was going to return to my studies. Within two months, I had won the Miss Bombay, Miss India and Miss World title but the glamour world was not for me,\" says Faria, who refused both modelling and acting offers after her tenure and now lives in Dublin with her husband, David Powell, an endocrinologist.Five decades ago, when the Matunga girl with Goan roots was crowned Miss World, beauty pageants were different. There was none of the hype that exists today: no personal trainers, no make-up assistants, no crash dieting, no designer wear, no predictable winner and no assuming that the next logical step was showbiz. When Faria landed in London for the final competition with a borrowed swimsuit and flat shoes, she was rudely ordered to buy heels. \"I was tall for an Indian girl and I always wore my swimsuit with flats but they insisted that I needed heels. From the three pounds of foreign exchange that the law permitted me to carry, I had to buy heels with one pound. I still have the heels but I have not worn them since,\" she says.But that one pound paid off well. On a tiny black-andwhite television set in a hospital in Ireland, her to-be husband David Powell watched her answer a question about her medical background with great articulation and poise, after which she got the crown. \"I saw her and thought, 'I'd like to meet this girl',\" he says. And soon enough, in a few months, Faria was in Dublin for the opening of a shop. \"I was even invited to the reception because a classmate was appointed her chaperone. But we did not get a chance to speak then. A year later, we were at King's College together. We worked alongside in Boston and then moved to Ireland,\" he says.The pageant well behind her, Faria refuses to get drawn into questions on the politics and commerce of beauty pageants today. While the memory of her youth is immortalised in the sepia photos of the time, there is a certain concern about death, brought on anew by the passing of 10 of her classmates. \"I would always tell David to just shoot me once I turned 65. I don't want to be lumbering around,\" smiles Faria, now 70. \"I'm still learning to deal with old age but it's a hard reality to cope with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670515", "title": "Since 2003, days getting warmer: Met dept", "text": "PANAJI: A trend of warmer days noticed since the year 2003 has continued as meteorological department (Met) recorded an average maximum temperature of 32.2 degrees Celsius during 2011, only 0.2 less than that of the hottest year (2008) of the decade.The temperature of 31.5 degrees Celsius during the day and 23.4 degrees Celsius during the night is considered normal.The sun blazed hotter in 2008 and the Met department recorded an average maximum temperature of 32.4 degrees Celsius during that year. \"The average day temperature last year (2011) rose slightly as compared to 32.0 degrees Celsius during the previous year (2010), but it can be seen that days are getting warmer now by almost a degree,\" K V Singh, met department director said.However, the night temperatures have not risen significantly during the last two decades, though some fluctuations have been seen often. \"Overall, the night temperatures have been normal,\" Singh said.The day temperatures, barring 31.6 degrees Celsius recorded in 1991, was largely normal. during the first half of the decade till 1995. But the perceptible rise in heat was noticed since 1996 (31.6). The year 1997 was the hottest one of the decade (1990s), as the mean maximum temperature rose to 31.8 degrees Celsius, However, there was a slight dip for two years in 1999 and 2000 (31.7 &amp; and 31.2 respectively)Incidentally, the day temperatures averaged 31+ during the entire decade (1990s) and even up to 2001 and 2002 when met department recorded mean maximum temperatures of 31.7 identically. \"And yet the overall average of the decade shows a normal 31.5 degrees Celsius,\" says Singh.Showing a rising trend, the average day temperatures have been hovering around 32+ since the year 2003, barring 31.9 in 2007. \"The days are warmer and the mean maximum temperature is not coming down (below 32),\" Singh said. The average day temperature of the decade (2001-2010) has risen by .6 degrees Celsius. \"The mean maximum temperature of the decade was 32.4 (as compared to the normal 31.5),\" Singh said.However, the night temperatures have fluctuated during both decades (19902 and 2000s), but not risen significantly.Barring the only aberration in 1996 when the mercury rose higher on the scale, the minimum temperatures have risen fractionally. The met department recorded an average temperature of 24.7 degrees Celsius(a difference of +1.3) during 1996.\"The average night temperature during the 1990s was 23.6 degrees Celsius, which is only .2 higher than normal,\" Singh said. On the other hand, the average during the last decade (2000s) was 23.0, .4 degree Celsius less than normal. The total rainfall of 3027.8 (303 cms) during 2011 is also considered normal as per the meteorological norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "it's an all too familiar scenario", "code": "11665715", "title": "5 hot keyboard apps for Android", "text": "It's an all too familiar scenario: You went ahead and bought a shiny new Android smartphone, but now, you realise that-having used physical keyboards all this while-you're finding it rather tough to adjust to typing on a touchscreen.Add to that the fact that most smartphones running the Google OS don't come preinstalled with the best touch-typing software. But have no fear; help is at hand in the form of myriad alternatives. Check each one out to see what's right for you.Swype It's no guarantee, but there's more than a fair chance that your Android phone comes preinstalled with two types of virtual keyboards - the normal Qwerty and SWYPE. (Go to Settings &gt; Locale and Text.Alternatively, Settings &gt; Language and keyboard). Activate SWYPE and you're ready to go... Now, unlike the traditional poke-to-type keypads, this software lets you input text by merely gliding along the alphabets of a word - this, without you having to lift your finger.For example, to write MUMBAI, place your finger on M and then glide it over each of the subsequent alphabets U-M-B-A-I. Of course, sliding your fingers over your touchscreen keyboard will mean that you touch many unwanted alphabets, but SWYPE's inbuilt algorithm is intuitive enough to discard the rest and only use the letters you intended.Type a new word, and you have the option to add it to your dictionary list so it readily appears the next time you input it. Oh, and just in case your phone doesn't come with SWYPE, you can get it for free at swype.com.TouchPal It is similar to SWYPE, but has a few tricks of its own that may turn out to be exactly what you were looking for in your virtual keyboard. For example, it lets you blind type on your touchscreen after you have gotten used to the keypad layout.It does this by more or less learning your input patterns. It also studies the curves as you glide along the keypad to predict the words that you want to type. Seriously, though, these features must be seen to be believed. TouchPal also supports some unique gestures - swipe up to input a number and swipe down for a special character.And one can even cut, copy and paste from the keyboard itself. Currently, it is free for use as part of public beta. Check it out at www.cootek.com.ICS Keyboard In 2010, a company called BlindType demonstrated superb text-prediction software that worked with Android. But before the company could release its product, it was snapped up by Google. Now, some of that technology has made its way to the keyboard in IceCream Sandwich - the latest version of Android.Well-meaning hackers have taken this keyboard out from ICS and put it up on Android Market for people using older versions of the Google OS. Features in the free version of ICSK include multi-touch, built-in dictionary, configurable auto correction, speech to text (select languages only), custom vibration intensity (haptic feedback), long press \"Enter\" key to bring up smiley alternatives and even long press on the \"/\" key in URL mode to bring up domains.SwiftKeyX The more you use it, the more SwiftKeyX adapts to your typing style to present to you eerily accurate word predictions. Reviews across the interwebs, including user polls, have awarded it glowing epithets, including the keyboard for \"fat-finger typists\", \"the virtual keyboard Google would be crazy not to acquire\" and it even makes it to various lists of essential apps for Android.The downside? Swift KeyX is free for use for just one month, after which you will have to shell out Rs 205 to use it further. Still, one month should be enough to figure out if it is indeed the keyboard for you.Go Keyboard This free app on the Android Market is easily one of the best-looking keyboards for the Google OS. In fact, users can choose between various themes that are available for download. Other features include auto-correct as you type, multi-point touch keyboard, support for slide input. And if you are someone who likes to personalize their apps, you will love the customization options-position of various keys, size, smileys and so on-that Go Keyboard offers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669531", "title": "Twin girls delivered in ambulance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Providence ensured the survival of twin girls of a tribal woman who underwent phone-guided birth of twin girls presenting the complicated breach delivery in a 108 ambulance in transit to a far-off hospital.The first born girl, who did not show any vitals and did not even cry at birth, was saved in the nick of time by timely intervention of technicians who gave her artificial respiration which kept the child alive till advance medical care was available at a hospital.It was a miraculous delivery for Hansa Vasava, a resident of Valpor village in Jhagadiya, Bharuch. \"On checking, we found that the case was complicated as the child was coming out with feet first. The nearest hospital was 30-odd km away in Rajpipla but as the condition of Hansa, who had high blood pressure , became worse, it became apparent that we will have to do the difficult delivery on the way. Our emergency medical technician Ruchira Vasava called up our medical expert and delivered the child through guidance on phone,\" said programme manager Jitendra Maharaj.The happiness of having successfully delivered a breach delivery was short-lived as the technicians realized that the girl they had helped deliver did not show any vitals and did not cry. The baby was apparently not getting oxygen and the team tried to revive her using a device to pump air into her mouth. After 10 minutes of persistent artificial respiration, the infant took two breaths. By the time, The technicians were then surprised to see another child ready to be delivered. Hansa was pregnant with twins but did not have any knowledge as she had not gone for any tests before delivery.\"On arrival at Rutu Hospital, Dr Shantikar Vasava gave injection of adrenaline to the baby girl's heart and she was put in intensive care. The child was saved without any permanent damage to her heart,\" said Maharaj.The second girl is also fine. The mother and her daughters were discharged from the hospital on Friday.VITAL STATS*24,240 babies, including twins and triplets, have been delivered in 108 ambulances from August 2007 to December 2011.*108 ambulance has transferred 8.97 lakh pregnant women to hospitals and nursing homes for institutional deliveries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "11669207", "title": "Run-for-fun in Chirang", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: In a bid to come closer to the local populace and win the hearts of people of all strata in Assam, the 19 Madras Regiment of the Army organized a \" run for fun\" as part of Republic Day celebrations and distributed prizes to the winning students last Friday.The run started from Koila Moila in Chirang district in the morning and concluded at the same place after covering more than 7 km through various villages. There were separate groups for boys and girls from 17 schools of the area.The run was a joint effort of the army, security forces and Assam Police deployed in Chirnag district of lower Assam wherein more than 700 students took part. The winners in eight different categories were felicitated on this occasion by the Army.Speaking on the occasion, the company commander underscored the need for a terror-free environment so that all children can grow without fear and become responsible citizens. The locals thanked 19 Madras regiment for providing an opportunity to their children to participate in such an event in this far-flung area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669258", "title": "Rafiq conduit for fake currency, claim cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The interrogation of Mohammad Rafiq, 27, in the fake currency case has resulted in major revelations about the modus operandi adopted by those involved in the illegal trade. Rafiq was arrested on Friday from Poonch area in Jammu and Kashmir, police sources said. DCP, special cell, Arun Kampani, confirmed the arrest, saying, \"Rafiq was instrumental in collecting this consignment from Pakistan and sending it to Delhi.\"He told TOI Rafiq had direct links with counterfeit kingpin of south Asia - Iqbal Kana. Sources said he had travelled to PoK several times last year. \"He was instrumental in getting the notes hidden in six different types of cloth packing,'' the DCP said.The police suspect the counterfeits were first sent to Poonch via Pakistan occupied Kashmir (PoK) by road. A source said, trucks were reportedly used to send the fake currency, which was hidden in cardboard cavities made in cloth packets. The fake currency was then sent to Jammu and then to Delhi via trains, the source said. \"More than 10 trucks have crossed the border from Poonch last year with counterfeits,\" said an officer. Investigators believe that Kana might have managed to smuggle nearly Rs 10 crore of fake currency into the country in the last three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670317", "title": "Consumer gets Rs 40,000 compensation for defective scooter", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state consumer disputes redressal commission (GSCDRC) has awarded compensation of Rs 40,000, with interest at the rate of 10% per annum, to a consumer who had complained of a defect in a scooter manufactured by Bajaj Auto Limited.The complainant, Sammy Vincent T X S Tharayil, is an employee of the state electricity department. Tharayil purchased a Bajaj Auto Kristal scooter on October 3, 2007, from the dealer - Sitara Bajaj, Panaji, for a sum of 34,153.The GSCDRC observed that the complainant cannot be forced to retain a vehicle with kick start, when the self-start mechanism has failed. The commission ruled that \"the ends of justice would be met in case the complainant is refunded part of cost price, this is 20,000 as against 34,153, plus 20,000 towards mental torture, inconvenience including the expenditure incurred for want of a scooter, whenever it was sent for repairs\".\"The complainant would also be entitled to 6,000 towards the cost of the proceedings before the district forum as well as before this commission,\" the order stated.The GSCDRC president, Justice N A Britto, also directed the complainant to surrender the scooter to the dealer, Sitara Bajaj, within 30 days.Earlier, On May 17, 2008, Tharayil wrote a letter to Sitara Motors stating that at the time of purchasing the scooter, there was a problem of starting the two-wheeler.Subsequently, Tharayil also wrote to the manufacturers informing them about the problem. In September 2009, the complainant approached the North Goa consumer disputes redressal forum (NGCDRF) at Porvorim. In their defense, the respondents stated that the complainant had used the vehicle for two years and had filed a frivolous complaint. They stated that if there was any problem with the vehicle, it would not have run for so long.Earlier, the NGCDRF had directed the respondents to repair the vehicle and render it fully functional. Later, the case was filed before the GSCDRC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11672579", "title": "Policeman falls to PLFI bullets", "text": "RANCHI: A policeman with alleged PLFI link was killed and his friend was seriously injured after suspected PLFI members opened fire on them at a marriage party in a Ranchi village on Friday night. Constable Amitajh Barla died on the spot after being shot from close range.Senior SP Saket Kumar Singh and SP (rural) Asim Vikrant Minj visited the spot under Lapung police station area on Saturday morning. Minj told TOI that it was because of \"personal rivalry\" that Barla was attacked by suspected activists of the People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI).Barla is known to have links with the Jitendra Nayak gang active in the region before joining the police force in 2009. \"He was a member of the nexus led by Nayak and worked against the Jainath Sahu gang,\" Minj said. Barla and one of his friends went to attend a marriage ceremony on Friday and were sitting with another friend when unidentified criminals entered the room and opened fire on them killing the constable.\"His friend was brought to Ranchi Sadar Hospital where his condition is serious but stable,\" Minj said. In the preliminary investigation, Ranchi police identified the perpetrators and are likely to lodge a named FIR against two persons who opened fire. \"We will lodge a named FIR as one among the three persons sitting together during the incident identified the attackers,\" Minj said, admitting that formalities of lodging FIR were yet to be completed. No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "rampura phul", "code": "11670216", "title": "Homecoming for Amarinder at Rampura Phul", "text": "RAMPURA PHUL: It was an emotional homecoming for a confident-looking Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee head Amarinder Singh, who ended his poll campaign at his birth place here on Saturday evening.\"I deliberately decided to end my campaign here. I always loved this place and its people. I have a lot of respect for you and it is an overwhelming feeling while I stand before my brothers and sisters,\" said Amarinder, who was born at Mehraj village here, while addressing the gathering on Saturday evening.All of Patiala mandi (Rampura Phul) wore Congress colours, when Amarinder reached at around 4.40pm. Supporters had to wait long for him as they had arrived at noon.\"We want Amarinder Singh to be the next chief minister as he belongs to our village. We have no hopes from Badal family. We know that if he (Amarinder) comes to power all problems of Rampura Phul would vanish,\" said Jarnail Singh, who retired from Indian Air Force and is a resident of this town.Lakhwinder Kaur, a housewife here, said, \"Despite of his royal upbringing he has no airs. He always comes to us and listens to our grievances. You cannot expect this from Parkash Singh Badal or from his son, even in a dream.\"Amarinder is contesting assembly elections from Patiala, while Rampura Phul falls in Bathinda district.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11670764", "title": "Five more foot overbridges to ease traffic snarls", "text": "SURAT: With a view to make crossing of the busy main thoroughfares in the diamond city easier, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) plans to construct foot overbridge (FOBs) at five locations at a cost of Rs. 3 crore.SMC's public works committee on Friday approved the proposal given by the bridge cell for the requirement of five FOBs in city's Varachha, Puna Kumbharia, Rander, Udhana and Ring Road areas.Sources said the civic body has constructed FOBs at Athwalines and Majura Gate in 2011. After its success, the civic body has decided to construct five more FOBs in the city, taking their total to seven.\"The sites for the FOBs were selected after careful monitoring of heavy traffic movements and the problems faced by the pedestrians, especially children and elderly people in crossing the road during the peak hours,\" a senior civic officer said.\"For the first few months, pedestrians were not using the FOBs in Athwalines and Majura Gate. They were crossing the road by jumping the road dividers. However, we decided to raise the iron fencing on the road dividers to force the pedestrians to make use of the FOBs. Now, the pedestrians are making optimum use of the FOBs to cross the road,\" he addedThe FOBs will come up at Maharana Pratap garden on Varachha main road, AMPC market main road at Puna Kumbharia, Navyug College on Rander Road, ST depot on Udhana main road and Maan Darwaja on Ring Road. Each FOB's estimated cost is Rs 50 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11677712", "title": "Experts discuss health issues of women", "text": "VARANASI: The fourth day of the 55th All India Congress of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (AICOG) 2012 jointly organised by Varanasi and Azamgarh Societies under the ageis of Federation of Obstetric and Gynaecologist Societies of India (FOGSI)was dedicated to various aspects of health issues faced by women and pregnancy.According to organising secretary Anuradha Khanna, the day began with panel discussions on 'Conquering Anaemia'. \"Talks were held about the problem of anaemia during pregnancy, diagnostic dilemmas, oral iron therapy and their benefits and pitfalls including the thalassemia camoulflague in pregnancy which reduces the life cycle of red blood cells (RBCs) to 50-60 days from a normal life cycle of 120 days,\" informed Khanna.Various phases faced by women during pregnancy were discussed that included preterm labour, programmed labour vs traditional labour management, medical diseases in pregnancy like epilepsy and pregnancy outcome, autoimmune diseases, renal transplantation, acute fatty liver in pregnancy. The panel discussion on 'What is New and Exciting in Menopause' in the guidance of Behram Anklesaria, chairman of AICOG, was another informative event in which gynaeologists talked about the new medicinal therapies and symptoms related to menopause, like oesteoporosis, vasomotor symptoms and various heart diseases.According to Asha Bharadwaj, joint organising secretary of AICOG and one of the panelists, dementia, also called as Alzheimer's disease, was one of the aftereffects of menopause. \"The deficiency of oestrogen, decreases the blood flow in the veins and causes lack of oxygen which finally results in harming visual and semantic memory causing dementia. Thereby, hormonal therapy with the supplementation of oestrogen can be helpful for the prevention of Alzeihmer's disease,\" informed Bharadwaj.Apart from that, the cervical cancer menace, most prominent in East as compared to Western parts of the world, was discussed in depth at the panel discussion on 'Cervical Cancer Vaccine (MSD)' headed by Dr Chandrabati. Panel discussions, orations, workshops, symposia, free paper sessions, special lectures and poster presentations were also visible on various theme topics of the conference that were optimising perinatal outcome, fertility regulation, benign pathologies and many others.Sadhna Gupta, chief medical officer, Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and one of the member of organising committe of AICOG 2012, talked a great deal about the benefits and disadvantages of contraception in a special lecture on 'Emergency Contraception Use or Misuse'.According to her, emergency contraception help when there is some risks in pregnancy and to lower the risk of unwanted pregnancy however, the intake of such medicines also increase of risk hormonal imbalances, HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases.Nisha Rani Agrawal, professor of Gynaecology at IMS, BHU, talked on HIV infections and controlling the risk of infection from pregnant women to the foetus. \"There are various medicines available under the National AIDS Control Programme which lower the risk of transmitting HIV from 35% to less than two per cent,\" Agrawal said in her guest lecture on the fourth day of the congress.The second day of the scientific programmes concluded with a convocation ceremony for the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669540", "title": "PMO fast-tracks use of inland waterways", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Saturday kicked off the process to fast-track development and use of inland waterways transport involving private and state-run companies.The move is expected to harness the huge potential of inland waterways in transporting bulk cargo such as coal, food grains, fertilizers, project cargo, fly ash, over dimensional cargo and containers at competitive cost for both public and private sector companies, while it is also expected to ease the burden on rail and road infrastructure.A tripartite agreement has been signed between the Nataional Thermal Power Corporation, the Inland Waterways Authority of India and a private developer for the Farakka power project. This has led to competitive transportation rates for NTPC and a private sector investment of Rs 650 crore has been committed. The inter-ministerial coordination committee was informed of the development by the principal secretary to the PM.The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has taken a series of initiatives in recent weeks to dispel the perception of a policy paralysis. Principal secretary to the PM, Pulok Chatterjee, has led the efforts to push policies and get projects off the ground.A PMO statement said that NTPC will provide a long-term cargo commitment for 3 million metric tons of coal for the Barh power project once all its five units are operational by 2016-17. It was also agreed that the execution of coal handling facility at Jogighopa and rail connectivity would be taken up under the non-lapsable central pool of resources (NLCPR) scheme.The Food Corporation of India will provide a long-term cargo commitment for three years for transportation of food grains to Tripura and Assam from Kolkata and within Assam. The external affairs ministry will try to extend the period of trade and transit protocol beyond March, when it comes for renewal.It was also decided that the ministry of shipping will consider providing additional money, if needed, to ensure night navigation facilities on the Indo-Bangladesh Protocol route. ONGC and Oil India will convey a firm commitment of cargo through the inland waterways transport in two weeks to the Inland Waterway Authority of India. CONCOR will also provide firm commitment for transportation of part of their container cargo from Pandu through inland waterways transport. Chatterjee will review the progress on these decisions in two months, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11668863", "title": "Metrowater to get 5cr to cut CO2 emissions", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (CMWSSB) will soon receive 5 crore from the United Nations for reducing carbon dioxide emissions in four of its sewage treatment plants. Metrowater officials said SGS India, a consultant, had registered with the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change to obtain emission reduction certificate for the plants.Metrowater managing director K Gopal said the UN had expressed satisfaction with Metrowater's efforts to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. \"We submitted a proposal to the UN and expect to receive 5 crore in three months. Instead of letting out gases into the atmosphere, we are using them to meet our needs. So we are going to receive carbon credits for it,\" he said.Officials said SGS India had prepared an assessment certificate after evaluating the level of greenhouse gas emissions and the efforts of generating power from sewage. About 70% of sewage generated is methane . However, methane has high energy content which is purified and imported to gas engines.The CMWSSB has nine sewage treatment plants (STPs) where about 400 million litres a day (MLD) of sewage are treated. Four of these plants have the capacity to produce bio-gas energy. An official said they fed raw sewage sludge into equipment making bio-gas. It is then run into a gas engine to generate electricity.About 32MW of electricity is generated from 264 million litres of sewage received in the STPs daily, meeting 85% of the plants' power requirement. Every year, about 61,200 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions are said to be reduced through this initiative. Metrowater saved electricity worth 25.61 crore since December 2011, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11669575", "title": "Aided college teachers ask govt to fill faculty vacancies", "text": "COIMBATORE: Seeking government intervention to end harassment of managements, over 150 lecturers working with different government-aided private colleges in the district observed a day-long fast at Gandhipuram here on Saturday as part of a state-wide agitation. They also urged the government to take steps to fill the over 3,000 vacancies in different aided colleges across the state.The protestors, rallying under the banner of Association of University Teachers (AUT), demanded that Senthil Kumar and Panneer Selvam, who were removed from the rolls by the TUK College in Thanjavur, be reinstated. They also accused the management of Kongunadu College of Arts and Science in Coimbatore of harassing faculty and protested the delay in appointing a special officer at the CBM College in the city.There are nearly 150 aided colleges in the state and over 3 lakh students are enrolled in these for regular courses. Many of these colleges also run self-financing courses, which have a different fee structure.Inaugurating the protest, Coimbatore MP P R Natarajan accused private college managements of denying education to the poor and marginalized by not providing proper care to aided colleges. \"Each aided college in the region has its own self-financing stream and the managements are diverting resources meant for the aided stream to the unaided stream. Further more, they refuse to fill up the vacancies to ensure a gradual death to the aided sector thinking that would help them get fully involved in the self-financing business,'' he alleged.AUT chairman Rengaswamy of CBM College said the state-wide agitation would ignite a movement to rescue aided colleges from money-minded managements. He demanded that Sikkayya Naicker College in Erode should be made a government college. \"There is a favourable court directive in the case,'' he said. Detailing lapses on the part of state government in protecting the education rights of the less privileged, he called for the implementation of the Prevention of Capitation Fee Act, 1992, in letter and spirit.Association zonal secretary V Selvarajan alleged that managements are not filling up vacancies created by retirement of professors. He gave the case of a college affiliated to Bharathiar University where no faculty appointment has been made in years. The existing lot of permanent faculty is set to retire next year and the college is likely to retain just the self-financing courses for which salaries are fixed by the management. He said the government was siding with managements and letting them make money by violating all the norms and procedures.CPI leader and MLA M Arumugam, MDMK district president V Easwaran, and Viduthalai Chiruthaikal Party leader S K Kalaiarasan also spoke at the protest.Sinking ship150 aided colleges across Tamil Nadu32 affiliated to Bharatiar University, Coimbatore3 lakh students in regular coursesFaculty strength 1800Vacancies 3,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11668506", "title": "Seven cops suspended for dereliction of duty", "text": "PATNA: Senior SP (SSP), Patna, Alok Kumar on Saturday suspended seven police officers of the Pirbahore police station on the charge of dereliction of duty after one Mohd Sahab, who had been arrested in connection with the missing case of a fruit vendor, Mohd Kalam, escaped from the police station.The suspended police officers include a sub-inspector and an assistant sub-inspector.Kalam went missing after he left his Golakpur-based residence on January 22 along with a friend, Mohd Sahab. When he did not return home late in the night, his family members lodged a missing complaint with the police apprehending that Sahab might have kidnapped him.On Friday, Kalam's family members and locals blocked the Ashok Raj Path fearing that he had been murdered. The police later arrested Sahab and a boatman, Pintoo, in this connection.The SSP said it would be premature to say anything at this point. \"I cannot say anything at this juncture as the police are investigating the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "national seminar", "code": "11670255", "title": "National seminar: The School of Communication Studies, Panjab University", "text": "National seminar: The School of Communication Studies, Panjab University, would host a national seminar on \"New Media: Potentials and Problems\" on February 17-18. Last date for submission of abstracts along with the fee has been extended to January 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11670425", "title": "12 nominations filed on opening day", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 12 candidates, including a sitting MLA, have filed their nomination papers for 7 out of 10 Assembly seats in Kanpur on the first day of nominations on Saturday. The three seats where not a single candidate turned up are Billhaur, Kalyanpur and Arya Nagar.Among the 12 candidates, There were one each from BSP, BJP and Congress while others were from Samajwadi Party and former IITian's Janraajya Party. Three nominations were filed in Sisamau. They are Hanuman Mishra of BJP, Irfan Solanki (sitting MLA of SP) and Sudheer Kumar Dheeman of Rashtrawadi Samta Party. Hanuman Mishra filed two sets of nominations and said that he would file one more on February 4.Irfan Solanki filed one set and indicated that he would file another set on Monday. Shailendra Dixit of Congress filed his nomination papers for Govind Nagar seat. Ashok Kumar of Rashtriya Swabhiman Party filed nominations for Bithoor seat. Shikha Misra, wife of former minister Anant Mishra filed her nomination papers for Maharajpur seat on BSP ticket. Man Mohan Singh of Janta Dal (secular) was another candidate, who filed for this seat.Indrajeet Kori of Samajwadi Party filed papers for Ghatampur seat. Hamid Hussain of Janta Dal (secular) submitted his nomination papers for Cantonment seat. For Janraajya Party candidate Omendra Bharat, nomination brought trouble as a report against him and his supporters were lodged by the district administration, when he broke the rules and brought his procession near the collectorate building and the restricted place.Police force, led by city magistrate VP Singh stopped them. After melee, they drove them out from the restricted zone and asked them to come through the announced passage. Ravi Shanker Tiwari of Janta Dal (united) filed his candidature for Kidwai Nagar seat. A couple of candidates had to return as they reached late. The measures taken by the authorities proved successful as no untoward incident took place on day one. The officials allowed five persons, including the candidate, to go inside the collectorate building.UP Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "11668010", "title": "Farmer hangs self in Burdwan", "text": "BURDWAN: Yet another debt-ridden farmer committed suicide in Burdwan on Saturday, taking the toll in the district this month to four. Bhootnath Pal, 54, hanged himself from a tree near his house at Kouri village under Ketugram police station of Katwa sub-division.Bhootnath Pal (54), a poor farmer who has been suffering from mental depression due to debt in the market comitted suicide today by hanging from a tamarind tree near his house at Kouri village under Ketugram Police Station area of Katwa sub division. This is the fourth such incident of farmer comitting suicide due to huge debt in the market and under extreme mental depression in Burdwan district in January this year.About one and a half years back, Pal had taken a loan for his daughter's marriage, said his elder brother Raghunath Pal. While the victim's pregnant daughter had recently come home, his other daughter was spastic. Bhootnath was, hence, unable to run the family.Raghunath claimed that his brother owned around five bighas of land. But, due to lack of finances, he could not cultivate Boro crop and as a result suffered losses.Bhootnath's widow Atanti claimed that her husband had taken a loan of Rs 10,000 which he failed to return. \"I don't know how I will run the family now,\" she said.Katwa SDO Debi Prosad Kornam said that he has asked the BDO of Ketugram II Block, Hemanta Ghosh to visit the victim's house to probe the incident.Law and judiciary minister Moloy Ghatak held a meeting with DM Onkar Singh Meena and district food official Raju Mukherjee at Burdwan on Saturday to finalize camps at Galsi from Januray 31 to February 3, to directly purchase rice from farmers at MSP. The minister said that he was waiting for details of the farmer's suicide at Ketugram. \"Death of every farmer is very tragic,\" Ghatak added.In another incident on Friday, the convoys of Moloy Ghatak and IGP (western range) Gangeswar Singh were stopped at Galsi on NH-2 after about 400 farmers blocked the golden quadrilateral highway. The farmers alleged that the cheques they received have bounced. They also complained that mills were not procuring rice at MSP.On hearing the grievances of the farmers, Ghatak spoke to food minister Jyoti Priya Mallick on the issue. He also asked Burdwan DM and local BDO to visit the site and promised to find a solution to their problems. Only then was the blockade withdrawn. \"The camps will give them current cheques instead of post- dated cheques and I have instructed the district administration to probe and take measures. The Dhanya Byabsayi Samitee, backed by CPM, had created the mess in the rice procurement system earlier,\" Ghatak alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11668947", "title": "Unlicensed food firm served PM at Pravasi Bharatiya Divas function", "text": "JAIPUR: A food safety officer has been suspended and three others were transferred after a report revealed that an unlicensed catering firm had served meals to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and other VIPs during the recent Pravasi Bharatiya Divas.Flight catering company Sky Feast, which had served meals to the VIPs at the Sanganer airport, was operating without food licence, a mandatory requirement under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006. \"AIR India had given the contract to serve the food to the catering company. Our food safety officers were deputed to take samples of the food to check its quality. The hotel was not having the food license and the officers did not take care of it, which is a negligence on their part,\" an officer of the state medical and health department said.Deputy secretary (medical and health) Sunil Kumar Sharma in two separate orders issued on Friday suspended Shree Ram Mishra and transferred three officers - Sandeep Agrawal, Sandeep Agrawal and Rajesh Tinkar. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11665569", "title": "Passwords, new love test?", "text": "A recent survey claims that 30% of teenagers who use the internet have shared at least one personal online password with a friend or a significant other. The study also says that girls are twice as likely as boys to give away their secret codes. Strange as it may sound, it is beginning to be considered as a sign of trust and intimacy among youngsters.BFFs share everything That girlie bonding between two BFFs ( Best Friends Forever ) has now extended to sharing passwords. \"My best friend and I share everything, and never keep a secret from each other, then why not our passwords? She checks my social networking page and informs me immediately if my crush comments on my picture, and I can check her mails and see which forward mail in her inbox I'd like for myself, etc. It's just fun,\" says Shweta Pahujani, 19, a fashion designing student.Some have a serious reason too. \"Ever since that b** ch in my class blocked me from her Facebook list, I took my best friend's password to check her account for that girl's updates. She got clicked with my boyfriend... &amp;%*#$ ... \" details a livid Aakriti Menon, 16, a class XI student. Another curious case is of photographer Ayesha Sharma, 22, who feels that sharing passwords with her friend is important. Otherwise, who will keep her account active when she, ahem, dies? \"I mean, people can refer to my account even after I am gone,\" she explains, \"I share it with my best friend and I know she can be trusted. That way, maybe, I'd never die, at least not for my loved ones.\"Do you love me? Then give me your password According to the study, passwords are being compared to sex in terms of intimacy and vulnerability. So, people need to share them to show that they trust their partner. More often than not, girls urge their boyfriends to share their passwords so that they can check if they're cheating on them, etc. The insecure ones even check their BFs' chat records to know 'woh us ladki se kya baat kar raha tha?' \"We know each other's passwords and I love to scan every single chat of his. Somehow, it gives me peace of mind to know that he is loyal to me.Surprisingly, he does not even talk about me with his friends, something I thought he did,\" discloses Manjari Malhotra, 23, a content writer. But as researchers warn, password-sharing can have dangerous implications. \"My girlfriend demanded my password, scanned my chats, and later broke up with me, 'coz she was upset that I complimented my female classmate. I'm not doing this ever again in a relationship,\" rues Shivam Singh, 20, a law student.Can't share your password? I'm breaking up However, some people might suffer a breakup only because they did not share their passwords. Ruchi Anand, 22, recalls, \"My boyfriend wanted my Facebook password, and I didn't want to give it. I wasn't comfortable with letting him read my and my best friend's girlie conversations. Eventually, we broke up.\"What do they do with passwords? \"When I found out that my best friend was dating the guy I had a crush on, I forwarded the two's online conversation to my friend's mom. She got the lesson of her life.\" \"I learnt that my boyfriend was dating multiple girls. So I used his password and sent a hate mail to all those girls. They dumped him, I dumped him too. My revenge was over.\" \"I sent a love letter to our class teacher from my ex's account . He still doesn't know who did it.\"(Some names changed on request) With inputs from Megha Mishra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11670236", "title": "Wedding bells for 300 on Basant Panchmi", "text": "PANCHKULA: More than 300 marriage ceremonies were organized in the city on the auspicious day of Basant Panchmi on Saturday. All banquet halls were booked and the priests had a busy day. Pandit Balwan Bhardwaj said, \"The day of Basant Panchmi is regarded auspicious for weddings since all planets are aligned correctly. The couples who have flaws in their kundlis prefer this day as weddings can be solemnized without muharats. I was present at four ceremonies today.\" Another pandit Jagmohan Prasad said, \"Today was a hectic day. Many people had made bookings with us, and I had to take help of my juniors. We divided work among us.\"Management of some hotels and resorts said they received many inquiry phone calls in the past seven-eight months. \"The banquet halls were booked for three families seven months ago. We received inquiry phone calls from more than 100 people,\" said manager of Pallavi hotels and resorts, Naresh Aggarwal.The general manager of Hotel K C Crossroad, Sector-10, Man Singh said, \"20-30 persons called for bookings today.\"Media adviser of Hotel K C Royal Park Gagan Arora said, \"Inquiry calls are being received every day for the past six months. People also seek bookings for get-togethers and parties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolar", "code": "11668825", "title": "Mob assaults cops in Kolar violence", "text": "KOLAR: Six policemen, including an ASI, were hurt in stone pelting near Ammavarpet in Kolar on Saturday afternoon when authorities were trying to raze unauthorised constructions and encroachments on the busy MB Road.Police resorted to mild caning to disperse the mob. Two policemen, including ASI Govindappa and Srinivasamurthy attached to Mulbagal station, who sustained injuries on the head and chest, were admitted to the local hospital. Four other policemen were treated as outpatients.The illegal constructions included a portion of a nursing home, a shopping complex, temple and couple of commercial complexes. A few houses were also razed and hundreds of shops were either completely demolished or partially razed.The demolition was part of widening of the road that connects the national highway and authorritties had given notices to owners of these constructions. The operation began early in the day with six JCBs pressed into service and police posted at strategic points. The debris is being removed from the site and road widening start in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670337", "title": "Eight tourists rescued off Goa's beaches", "text": "PANAJI: Eight Indian tourists were rescued from drowning off Goa's beaches on Saturday.Beach safety management agency, Drishti Special Response Service (DSRS), in a press release stated that Parag Kawale, 39, of Nagpur-Maharastra was swimming with his family in the waters off Calangute beach.\"Suddenly, a huge dumping wave hit the victim and pulled him 10m seaward. The victim panicked and gestured for help. Lifeguard Paresh Khandeparkar immediately rushed towards the victim with a rescue tube after relaying a message over the radio. The victim was secured and brought safely to shore in an unconscious state,\" the press release stated.\"The victim was then transferred to the primary health centre, Candolim, in the lifeguard jeep since the requisitioned 108 ambulance was busy. Later, the victim was shifted to GMC for further treatment,\" the press release stated.DSRS also stated that Rupesh Patil, 23, Rohan Repal, 23 and Vivek Phakede, 24, from Mumbai were rescued off Baga beach; Abhisha Keri of Mumbai was rescued off Sinquerim beach; Anil Raichik, 47, of Pune was rescued off Sinquerim beach; Prajwal Ghuram, 23, of Darjeeling-West Bengal was rescued off Agonda beach, and Sarvana Kumar, 38, of Pune-Maharashtra was rescued off Baga beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11669038", "title": "Patharughat to pay tribute to martyrs of freedom struggle", "text": "GUWAHATI: The people of Patharughat, a village in Darrang district about 70 km from here, will on Sunday pay homage to 140 unarmed peasants who fell to the bullets of British military police 118 years ago. It was J R Berington, officiating commandant of the military police, who ordered the firing against hundreds at Patharughat in Darrang district on January 28, 1894, when they protested against the British government policy of imposing exorbitant taxes.But Patharughat residents' aspiration for giving national recognition to this event in the country's freedom struggle like the Jallianwala Bagh massacre on April 13, 1919, is yet to be fulfilled. In fact, the Patharughat massacre occurred long before the Jallianwala Bagh massacre, and the people of Patharughat want the martyrs of January 28, 1894, killings to get national recognition in the annuls of India's freedom struggle. Since 2000, the army has been paying homage to the martyrs on January 29 every year and has also set up martyrs' column in memory of the 140 peasants.Bhargab Kumar Das, Mangaldoi Unnayan Parishad (MUP) secretary, said: \"We are thankful to the Indian army for raising the importance of Patharughat's sacrifice in India's freedom struggle. So, on Sunday, we will request army officials to invite the chief of staff to come to Patharughat to pay homage to these martyrs next year. Presence of the army's chief of staff will give national recognition to this event in country's freedom movement. At the same time. we want the state government to organize a national seminar in New Delhi so that historians outside Assam know that Patharughat massacre occurred much before Jallianwala Bagh and give due national recognition,\".Das added: \"The massacre of Patharughat is as important as Jallianwala Bagh massacre. In fact, after the Sepoy Mutiny of 1857, the Patharughat is the biggest killings in India's freedom struggle. But tragically, Patharughat has no mention at the national-level history of Indian freedom struggle,\" Das added. He said that the state government has sanctioned Rs 1 crore for setting up a farmers' training centre and other development activities in memory of the Patharughat martyrs. \"We are happy that rge state government has been helping us develop Patharughat. We will be happier if Patharughat's sacrifice gets its due place in the country's history,\" Das added.A history of Patharughat authored by noted writer Arup Kumar Dutta was released in 2010 with the initiative of then Darrang district deputy commissioner Dhruba Hazarika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668777", "title": "BJP workers gatecrash party meet on tickets", "text": "MUMBAI: The dissension in the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) over the distribution of tickets for the upcoming civic polls took an ugly turn on Saturday with several party workers gatecrashing a crucial meeting in Vasant Smriti, the party's city head office in Dadar, and resorting to sloganeering.Supporters of Vishwanath Maske, corporator from Ward 98 of Mulund Colony, barged into a meeting to finalize remaining candidates for the February 16 elections and raised slogans. They alleged that Maske was being denied ticket for an \"undeserving\" candidate.The party has already announced its first list of candidates for 32 or nearly 50% of the total 63 seats it will contest. However, the growing factionalism could delay the process to finalize the remaining candidates by another day or so, party sources said.The BJP has now asked senior leader Venkaiah Naidu to intervene and break the deadlock over at least four wards, which have been reserved for women, and another four where senior state leaders want tickets for their family members. The dispute and its ensuing revolt could hurt the party's chances in the crucial election. \"The disgruntled elements are already threatening to field rebel and independent candidates. These are ominous signs,\" said a party insider. Maske, whose ward has been reserved for women, is demanding a ticket for his daughter from Ward 99, where a close aide of former MP Kirit Somaiya and MLA Sardar Tara Singh has been given a ticket. Maske supporters alleged that the party is taking money to distribute tickets to candidates.Party sources said there were also arguments over ticket distribution for wards 103 and 105 of Mulund.\"In at least four other wards, senior leaders are demanding tickets for their wives and daughters. However, according to a directive issued by the party high-command, this should be avoided at any cost,\" said a senior BJP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670041", "title": "\u201cBeing Spiderman is a terrifying thing\u201d", "text": "Andrew Garfield dons the webbed crusader's suit in The Amazing Spiderman, that is hitting theatres in July. There are a lot of expectations from the British-American actor, who has been hailed for his portrayal of Mark Zuckerberg's best friend in The Social Network as well as his work in theatre. In an exclusive conversation with Atul Sethi, Garfield talks about the inevitable comparisons with Toby Maguire - who played Spiderman in the earlier three movies - and the pressures of living upto the superhero hype.Q. How was it playing one of the most iconic comic book characters on screen? Is it as exciting as it seems?Actually, it is quite a complicated thing. Playing Peter Parker or Spiderman is the ultimate for anybody, as far as wishful thinking and dreams coming true goes. But there's more to it. No doubt, it's great fun, but being Spiderman is also terrifying. The pressure on you is tremendous. I've been a fan of this character ever since I was three. To step into his shoes - to know that this a beloved figure of so many young boys and girls around the world and to live upto their expectations - it's quite scary.Q. Doesn't the fact that you'll be known all across the world, when the film releases, make up for it?I realize that...I know I'm incredibly lucky in that sense. If I wasn't playing this role and some other guy was, I would be very very curious too...even critical about the actor, because I care about the character so much. I just hope that I've been able to do it justice.Q. Since you've been a fan yourself, did that make it any easy to get into the skin of the character?It helped that I had been following the whole Spiderman story for so long. But I realized that if I started identifying myself too much with the character, I'll lose touch with reality. As I said, it's very complicated (laughs).Q. Spiderman, like most superheroes, has a dual identity. He' s not just a superhero but also Peter Parker, the boy next door. Which of his aspects did you identify with, the most?I have tried to explore Peter Parker as an orphan. Orphans, I feel, are the strongest human beings on the planet. The amount of things they have to deal with in their lives, is amazing. I have tried to capture how Peter copes with the feelings of being an underdog, his confusions and his self-doubt . This, I hope, has brought, a certain empathy and sensitivity to his character that explains how it helps him become the hero that he eventually turns out to be.Q. How different is your interpretation from that of Toby Maguire?I love the work that Toby did. I've watched him in the earlier three movies as a fan and I feel that what he did was perfect. I would never even begin to compare myself with him. And I feel it's not the point either. This film is another chapter in the legacy of Spiderman and my responsibility was to remain true to the core of the character . I've tried to do it as best as I could.Q. The highlight of any Spiderman movie are the special effects and the action sequences. Did you have a swinging time doing the stunts?We had a great stunt team led by Andy Armstrong, who knew exactly what he wanted to achieve. And as far as doing the stunt goes, I had never done anything like it before. There were a whole new set of skills to develop and experience. I enjoyed every second of it - well not every second perhaps (laughs). But yes, most part of it, although it was hard work. I hope it shows on the screen.Q. What about iconic on-screen moments? For instance, there was the famous upside-down kiss in the first movie . Anything like that in this one as well?Well yes, there is the first kiss between Peter and his love interest, Gwen Stacy.Q. Was it as hard to do as the stunts?Well, I got to practise for that - although on my own, I must add (laughs). I practised kissing on my hand, arms and in the mirror. I was just hoping I'll remember how to kiss when the moment comes and not fumble.Q. Any memory that you'll forever cherish from the film?I'll always remember meeting Stan Lee, the creator of Spiderman. Like the earlier movies, he has a cameo in this one as well. It was incredibly exciting to meet such a legend, who's given so much hope to skinny boys around the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669157", "title": "Indian music hits high note at Beating Retreat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crowds were sinking into the sober mood induced by the notes of French horns, trumpets and drums working upto a crescendo at the Beating Retreat rehearsal Saturday evening when they suddenly sat up in delight. Here was something familiar and much loved - the sounds of shehnai and tabla from the North Block playing Vande Mataram.There was more to come - the combined military band of the navy and the air force jumped into a fusion piece with the shehnai and tabla, moving towards a jugalbandi-type sawal jawab. This is the first ever debut made by classical Indian instruments and tunes at the event which has always been dominated by brass bands, drums and pipes and where the music is largely western, with some Indian folk numbers and original military compositions thrown in.\"We got the feedback from the public that most of the tunes are simply not familiar, so we decided to incorporate this fusion of Western and Indian classical music in a piece named Renaissance,\" says Sqn Ldr Priya Joshi, assistant PRO at the Indian Air Force.It was a smart move. The loudest taalis at the show were reserved for the fusion piece composed by Sqn Ldr Leader Jayachandran, director of music at the Indian Air Force. Since the shehnai and the tabla players were not visible most spectators thought that the music was recorded.But Corporal Koravar and Corporal B Roy, who played the shehnai and tabla respectively, were parked in North Block, from where you also hear the sounds of the melancholy tubular bell in Abide with Me.The music programme at Beating the Retreat changes every year, and the only constants over the years have been Abide with Me and the Drummer's Call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11672175", "title": "Shruti Haasan sings for GV Prakash", "text": "It's a given in the industry that the success of a film also depends on the reach and popularity of its songs. Going by this logic, it looks like director Elred Kumar's forthcoming Muppozhuthum Un Karpanaigal (MUK), starring Atharvaa and Amala Paul, has booked a permanent berth at the BO, for all the songs have found favour amongst listeners.An industry expert says, \"Three of the seven songs from the film, which have been composed by G V Prakash, have been topping the charts since its launch. What works in favour of the album is his choice of singers.\"While GV has sung two songs in the album, the rest of the numbers have been rendered to perfection by some of the big names in the industry including Aalap, Megha, Raman Mahadevan, Blaaze, Andrea, Sithara, Mohammed Irfan, BabaSehgal and actress-singer Shruti Haasan.The source adds, \"The album has a variety of songs - right from romantic duets to pathos. The album also has a modern folksy number, Sokkupodi... that features in the film when Amala flies down to India from the US.\"Talking her experience singing the number, Shruti says, \"I've already sung a folk number for Ilaiyaraaja sir when I was 16. But this one is different because it has a very modern touch. I didn't have much time to rehearse as well, but it was fun when I recorded the song. One of the most memorable moments was when I was recording along with Baba Sehgal, a singer whom I admired as a kid!\"GV reveals that when he was looking for a voice that would sound peppy, and at the same time be able to carry forward a folk song, the first name he thought of was that of Shruti Haasan.He adds, \"This is the first time I'm working with Shruti and it was a delight. The song she's sung is the only kuthu-style number in an album that's otherwise stylish and upmarket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11669770", "title": "Anti-encroachment drive the biggest failure here", "text": "NASHIK: The area from FromBytco signal (Nashik Road area) to Devlaligaon, remains in a state of is in utter chaos because of the condition of it's the roads. is in utter chaos.Encroachment is a persistent problem and haphazard parking by autorickshaw drivers has only added to the problem. Residents and commuters in on this part of the city say that the traffic police are unable to do anything to resolve the issue.\"The encroachments on the footpath and on the roads make it difficult for us to walk or ride. Anti-encroachment drives on this part of the road have had negligible impact,been negligibleas compared to the ones on the other side, that is Jail Road, \" complained Nikhil Pawar, a local resident. , Nikhil Pawar.Another resident in the neighborhood, Karuna Kale, a housewife and resident in said that while the problem exists throughout the day, the evenings are worse. \"If I have to walk it up from Anuradha Talkies to the Durga Garden vegetable market or further towards the signal, it is a herculean task. It takes at least one hour.\"When contacted, responding to complaints by citizens, sitting corporator of ward 94, Ramesh Dhondage said he had protested against the problem. \"We had protested against the encroachments here very aggressively and We even raised the issue at the general body meetings. The administration had evicted the encroachers but they keep coming back. The administration should be stricter. Particularly with the pav bhaji stalls, chat stalls, hand carts and autorickshawswho occupy a major portion of the road. The latter rickshaw drivers park their vehicles rickshaws on the road and are not scared of the traffic police. They indulge in hooliganism. They had even filed a complaint against the police at the Nashik Road police station.\"Nikhil Pawar added said that the rickshaw drivers are indeed uncontrollable hooligans and both police and citizens refrain from correcting them. \"There is a parking inside Muktidham but they park even outside it, causing traffic congestion,\" he said.Dhondage said that the dadagiri of the rickshaw drivers scare people. \"I have complained about all these to the traffic department but they don't have any planning, they do not take any responsibility. The administration and the corporators should jointly do away with encroachments and traffic problems,\" he added.\"Nobody is scared of the police. I had asked for one anti-encroachment van everyday near Muktidham,First the food stalls then tables and chairs outside on the road, vehicles are parked beyond that congest the road, \" he said, agreeing that the evicting encroachers and disciplining rickshaw drivers has have been a big failure in his ward from Bytco signal to Town Hall.There is an open space next to the parking lot of Muktidham which can be used for parking. If it is a private land we can pay something to the owner. But such arrangements are very necessary, he said.Regarding the About the bus depot that was planned near Andhshala, Dhondage he said that the land has been reserved but the project had not materialized due to asome dispute between the land owner and the administration. the project has not yet materialized.The is road also lacks greenery. and gardens \"Durga Garden was a place to visit in the evenings, once upon a time a place to visit in the evenings but now we don't feel like going there now. There is no good garden in Nashik Road,\" said Kausalya Singh, a senior resident. Dhondage agreed that this place lacks a garden like Dadasaheb Phalke or Pramod Mahajan Garden.\"A land of 5.5 acres has been reserved in Nashik Road since 1982. We had shown former municipal commissioner Vilas Thakur and asked him to acquire it but he did not. It is my dream to have a good garden here, Muktidham is close by and it can boost tourism,\" Dhondage he said.A senior Shiv Sena corporator alleged that most of the shops and eat outs, that are encroachments in the area from Bytco signal to Durga Garden and Muktidham, have political backing and hence have been doing their business unalarmed. Dhondage refuted such allegations but was unable to present a solution to the problem. from years. Dhondage refutes such allegations but does not have a solution either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11672301", "title": "Hansika in Suriya\u2019s next film", "text": "This is a big moment for Hansika as she has signed on the first Tamil film in 2012 opposite none other than Suriya!The movie, to be directed by Hari, is being touted as a 'Singam' sequel.Confirming the news, Hansika says, \"I am very excited about working with director Hari, who I am sure, will help bring out the best in me by utilizing my talent. The film is expected to go on floors shortly.\"The actress is indeed visibly excited about working with Suriya. She says, \"I have been an ardent fan of Suriya, ever since 'Ghajini'. I have met him at a few film events and awards functions. I consider myself really lucky to have bagged the female lead opposite him in this film.\"Earlier, Hansika had mentioned that she was checking out a few scripts in Tamil from which she would choose two. \"The other film will be decided soon. Meanwhile, there are some projects in the pipeline in Telugu as well.\"Director Hari says, \"Hansika has been confirmed for this next project with Suriya. The film, which is currently untitled, has Suriya, Anushka, Hansika and Santhanam playing key roles. Santhanam is doing a film with me for the first time. Hansika has also been paired opposite Suriya and will have a good role.\"Whether the movie is a sequel to 'Singam', the director says, \"That's still under consideration. It may or may not be as there are still some things to be firmed up in the script.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668035", "title": "Mob attacks TOI office in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of miscreants waving saffron flags and shouting pro-Shiv Sena slogans barged into The Times of India building on Saturday and vandalized the reception area before the police took charge of the situation. The attackers claimed to be upset with a news report in Maharashtra Times, a Marathi morninger belonging to The Times Group of publications.The attackers appeared angry with a report about possible defections from the Shiv Sena to NCP, a party which is an ally in state's ruling Democratic Front alliance.The mob broke furniture in the lobby, smashed pots, windowpanes and computers, and also burnt copies of Maharashtra Times. The attackers appeared angry with a Maharashtra Times report about possible defections from the Shiv Sena to the NCP, a party which is an ally in state's Maharashtra's ruling Democratic Front (DF) alliance.Sena strategist Sanjay Raut, an MP and close acolyte of party chief Bal Thackeray , denied the Shiv Sena's involvement in the attack on The Times of India building in Mumbai on Saturday.Despite the denial, Congress chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said, \"The Sena seems to have lost its sense of confidence and security even in Mumbai. That, perhaps, explains the desperate attempts to whip up passion.\" NCP home minister R R Patil said, \"We will take action against senior Shiv Sena leaders who instigated their workers to attack the TOI office. We will entrust the case to a fast-track court.\"The Congress and NCP have formed an alliance to fight the elections to the BMC, which is currently ruled by the Sena-BJP combine. Chavan said that in view of the ensuing civic polls, it appears the party that controls the BMC has lost confidence. Even the Sena's estranged cousin, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, which has been known to flex its muscles when the situation demands, criticized the attack.The Azad Maidan police had arrested 19 people by the evening as word came from the chief minister's office to deal with the situation with an iron hand. There were 11 detentions. The attack happened at around 1.30 p.m. TOI security personnel initially tried to overpower the attackers, but found themselves heavily outnumbered and could not prevent them from entering the building. The mob vandalized the reception area, breaking computers and furniture and flowerpots that lined the reception bay. Calls were made to the local police station, from where cops came and pushed the mob out of the building. The cops then threw a tight security ring around the TOI's heritage structure.Anandrao Adsul, a Sena leader mentioned in a Maharashtra Times report about possibl;e defections from the party to NCP, justified the incident. \"What happened was a reaction to a misleading news report,\" Adsul said. Others, however, read desperation in the strong-arm tactics. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said, \"No one can control the media by such attacks. The attack is an indication that the Sena is losing ground in Mumbai and other parts of the state.\"The Sena recently saw its MP from Kalyan, Anand Paranjpe, hobnob with the NCP and even campaign for the party in the run-up to the Ulhasnagar polls.The Sena has down the years suffered a slew of defections from the party. Chhagan Bhujbal left in 1991 and was followed by Ganesh Naik. Narayan Rane revolted in 2005 and joined the Congress. But the biggest setback came from within the family when Raj Thackeray left to float the MNS in 2006. The MNS has been one of the biggest headaches for the Sena-BJP alliance. The way it spliced anti-Congress votes in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls led to a whitewash for the saffron brigade in Mumbai.A Sena observer said, \"The Sena over the last several years has seen many of its senior functionaries defecting to rival parties. Matoshree is fast losing its control over the city. And with Congress and NCP inking an alliance for the BMC polls, the Sena fears it may lose the country's richest civic body.\" CM Chavan said, \"I strongly condemned the attack on Maharashtra Times. In a democratic set-up, if one has a grudge, he can knock on doors of the editor or the court. But an attack on a newspaper office is unacceptable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669095", "title": "West Delhi robbery: Accused from Bangladesh, wanted money to buy dope", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three men, arrested for a robbery in west Delhi, used to commit burglaries and snatchings to keep their drug doses coming, said police. A fourth accused is on the run.Imran, Rafiqul, Farooq and Ilyas - all from Bangladesh - broke into the East Punjabi Bagh house of 88-year-old Rajender Singh in the early hours of Tuesday and held him hostage during the robbery. The elderly man later succumbed to a massive heart attack.Sources said the gang consumed drugs to get a high before breaking into a house. Almost 60 per cent of the stolen valuables were sold to get money for procuring drugs, said a source.\"During questioning it was revealed that the accused were drug addicts and committed burglaries and snatchings to get money for drugs. This gang consumed a concoction of drugs before committing crimes,'' said additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia.\"We received information that Imran and Rafiqul will come to the Shivaji Park Metro Station area to sell the booty to some receiver. We arrested the duo red-handed,\" said Goel. A laptop, four mobile phones, housebreaking equipment and two metal blades were seized. Farooq was arrested on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11668145", "title": "BESU convention to curb campus politics", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bengal Engineering and Science University is all set to turn into reality what the government has failed to do till now. Come February, the varsity would hold a convention on ways to curb student vandalism and union troubles on campuses. The gathering would see students of other colleges and luminaries speak on the issue that has attained alarming proportions over the past few weeks.\"The industry has shown a keen interest to organize the convention. This probably is an indication that the corporate honchos too are looking for a way out and wants an end to the problems stirred up by campus politics. Thus, they are eager to help students of the state overcome the problem,\" said vice-chancellor of BESU Ajay Ray.Three to four students each from 100 colleges will be invited to speak at the event and share their views. Their transportation cost, food and lodging will be provided by the university and corporate houses. The vice-chancellor will also send an invitation to chief minister Mamata Banerjee asking her to inaugurate the convention.The VC added, \"The university wants to ensure that the students in Bengal have a better exposure of a life beyond their regular college affairs. They have never attended seminars of great writers, never met a great scientist or a very successful entrepreneur. They have never come across an eminent person from judiciary. In this convention there will be eminent guests who will interact with students narrating to them experiences and showing them the path through which the students can play a much constructive role towards developing the society.\" The convention is an effort to broaden the students' horizon.\"The message is motivation, inspiration and love. We want to develop a sense of fraternity among students of the entire state. There will be educationists, writers, scientists and poets, judges, motivators and doctors. In short, great achievers from all walks of life will attend the convention. I will be glad if we can create a resonance and unison of thought among students,\" Ray said.\"We will send the invite to the principle of each college and he will be asked to nominate two students to attend the convention,\" said Ray.BESU has already done what is unthinkable in all colleges and universities across Bengal by abolishing the students' unions. Instead, they have decided to form a students' senate which will have some seats reserved for toppers.Among the celebrities who may find a place on the list of invitees includes - director of Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics Milan Sanyal, former governor and chief justice of Calcutta High Court Shyamal Sen and renowned medics like Dr Kunal Sarkar and Dr Rathin Chakraborty.An official of an eminent corporate house which has promised to be associated with the event said, \"The college unionism is taking a toll on the education system in Bengal, which is lying in a battered state. We are seriously looking forward to motivate students to come out of their narrow political mindsets and grow up as individuals who care for the society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11669633", "title": "Double delight: Celebrations colour city skies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To pay reverence to the deity of knowledge, goddess Saraswati, scores of devotees thronged the Kalibari temple, Sector 47, on Saturday. Commencing with an hour-long Saraswati puja to the aarti during the day, the auspicious day attracted children and elders alike.\"We have taken a day off from work to visit the temple, attend puja and taste the langar. The spiritual energy here on this holy day is unmatched,\" said Mahima, a devotee. Arrangements were made for over 1,200 devotees for langar that comprised khichdi, dal, mix-vegetable curry and kheer. The langar queue became longer in the afternoon with devotees lining up to taste the divine feast.\"I have been attending Saraswati puja for the past 8 years and this time I brought my child along to get her \"anjali\" ceremony done. This ceremony is done before children start going to school,\" said Simran, a devotee.Following the puja, devotees chanted mantras and \"anjali\" and \"hate khari\" ceremonies were conducted for children below 2 years of age.After the Saraswati puja, children are made to write their first words on a slate by the priest. The first word they write is \"Om\", because of the spiritual significance of this word.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11672979", "title": "Poor at maths? Just hum through school", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parents and teachers never set much store by playing and dancing in school till the advent of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE). Although hiccups remain, classrooms since the implementation of CCE are more wholesome with extra-curricular activities becoming as important as marks.Schools admit backbenchers have started coming to the fore as academics is not the only parameter for evaluation now.For Rajesh Parashar, a parent from Janakpuri, CCE has proved to be a boon. His daughter is a slow learner studying in a mainstream school. \"She sings well and is good at presentation. Thankfully, she scored good grades in music and other extra curricular activities, which helped her clear Class X last year. Her non-academic skills were valued by her teachers and that gave her confidence, too,\" he said.Parashar insisted that CCE be given time to take off as it is the best option for ensuring all-round development of a child. Class XI student, Raghav Khosla, from Salwan Public School, said: \"CCE saved me from failing as I have never been good at maths. But I was good at making projects.\"CBSE introduced CCE in Class IX in October 2009. Class X board exams became optional in the next academic session. The board also upgrades the academic grades based on a students' performance in co-scholastic areas.Although many students have also made anti-CCE communities on Facebook, schools and parents claim it is only because the new system has increased their work. Ranjana Mehta, another parent from Pitampura, said: \"CCE gives a lot of exposure to children. However , it's a huge burden when they have to do projects of all subjects together in a day. I wish there was more focus on activities. There is still time before schools can follow CCE in the right sense.\"Schools agree that the success of CCE will come eventually. Suman Nath, principal, Tagore International School, East of Kailash, said: \"Students are now closer to teachers as we stress on teaching life skills. Teachers are being trained to identify talents in children and groom them. There is more teamwork, too.\"D K Bedi, principal, Apeejay School at Pitampura, added: \"Children are no longer under the burden of education and there is no stress to score. Now the performance of every child is being recognized . However, it's a challenge for schools to channelize their energy in the right direction. We are now preparing students for life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "11670346", "title": "Pillion rider killed, motorcyclist hurt in Canacona bike crash", "text": "CANACONA: Sharad Pujari, 22, a pillion rider, died on the spot while rider Mhableshwar Pujari suffered injuries when a two-wheeler on which they were travelling was involved in a collision with a mini bus at a sharp turn at Gulem in Canacona taluka, on the NH 17 on Saturday afternoon.Canacona police said that the deceased Sharad is a motorcycle mechanic and resident of Gulem. He is a native of Karnataka.Sharad and his uncle Mhableshwar were proceeding from Gulem to Chaudi on the motorcycle when they met with an accident at Gulem at around 1.10pm. Sharad was crushed under the wheels of the mini bus and Mhableshwar was thrown out of the two-wheeler.The NH 17 was blocked for about 30 minutes. The driver of the bus has been booked under Section 279, 304(A), informed Canacona police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11669738", "title": "TNPSC plans to set up grievance cell", "text": "CHENNAI: A grievance cell for candidates and the general public will be opened at the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) head office on Greams Road, former director-general of police R Nataraj, who took over as TNPSC chairman on January 24, said. People can approach the office with their queries.\"This will benefit candidates. Now, there is no mechanism where officials can interact with the lakhs of people who apply to the commission for various government postings,\" Nataraj said.\"If the system is transparent, people will gain more confidence about the commission. Many more new avenues will be opened up for the public who are the backbone of the commission and its success. I plan to open the grievance cell at the earliest and am studying the feasibility of launching several other initiatives,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "11669519", "title": "17-yr-old elephant found dead", "text": "ERODE: A 17-year-old male elephant was found dead with multiple injures near Marur village in the Sathyamangalam forest area on Saturday. The forest officials claimed that the elephant was killed by another male elephant during a fight that occurred on Monday however, it came to light on Saturday.\"The young male elephant fought with a 30-year-old elephant for choosing a partner. This is a breeding season. Serious injuries were found on the right side of the young elephant's eye, legs as well as its neck\" said D Arun, conservator of forest, Erode district.Arun and his team went to the reserved forest area near Marur village in Thalavadi range on Saturday morning and the team found the dead elephant. Immediately, two tusks each 3 feet lengths were removed from the elephant. Liver and heart from the elephant were removed and sent to Coimbatore forensic laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670237", "title": "Festival concert was unique in more ways than one", "text": "PANAJI: A larger than usual crowd gathered at Kala Academy's DMC Auditorium to hear an orchestral performance that featured not one, not two, not three, but four soloists. Three of them were Goa-based violinists; the fourth, a cellist from Germany.But it was not the number of soloists or their nationality that made the concert unique. Rather, it was the manner in which Maestro Ulf Klausenitzer, the conductor of the Festival Orchestra, had picked the programme.The usual practice is to pick works in contrasting and complementary keys; this is the first time, in some seventy years of concert going, that I have attended a session where all four works were in a minor key. More, they followed each other in alphabetical order: a double concerto and a solo work in d minor were followed by an orchestral piece in e minor and a solo concerto in f minor. Nobody complained; why should they? It worked.Also, Bach and Vivaldi, the two composers whose works began and ended the programme, were Baroque contemporaries; so were Max Bruch and Edward Elgar , the composers who provided the two middle works. Vivaldi's concerto and Bach's were composed only six years apart; Max Bruch wrote \"Kol Nidrei\" 11 years before Elgar's serenade, both in the late 19th century, with Bruch looking back a little, and Elgar looking at things yet to come. Those pairings worked as well.Pheroze Mistri and Ashley Rego were the soloists in JS Bach's Concerto for two violins and orchestra in d. Bach planned this composition the way a master weaver works on a precious tapestry-in the brisk first movement he integrated the solo parts into the orchestral texture to such a degree that they are inseparable; we are treated not so much to a dialogue as to a group conversation, with several strands going on at once.In the second movement, a largo that Bach says \"should not be too largo\", Mistri and Rego spun out the long melodies and kept the tempo flowing while the orchestra provided just the punctuation; the third movement received a spirited rendering. Rudiger Clauss, principal cellist at the Frankfurt Opera, followed as soloist in Max Bruch's \"Kol Nidrei\"; based as the music is on Hebrew melodies, the sweetness of Clauss's tone and the quiet intensity of his playing brought us a sense of melancholy after the merry bustle of the Bach concerto.Edward Elgar's Serenade for Strings provided a brief and very welcome interlude. In the beautifully played Larghetto, the melodies swirled and blended here as subtly as though Elgar were painting in watercolours. But in the work, overall, one missed the lush string tone one would associate with works of this nature and this period.It would not be fair to say that in scheduling the Vivaldi \"Winter\" concerto at the end, Klausenitzer was saving the best wine for the last. What we can say is that while the Bach concerto was like a good Burgundy with depth, and the Bruch like a rich tawny Port, the Vivaldi had sparkle.Vivaldi wrote it to show off the virtuosic talents of his best pupils, giving the soloists starring roles with strong support from the strings, and Sanya Cotta made the absolute most of her opportunity. She played the work at a crisp tempo, always bearing in mind the tone pictures the composer had in mind, all related to ice, rain, and a treacherously slippery winterscape. I was hoping that in the Largo she would embrace current practice and ornament the simple melody that Vivaldi provided, as was done in his time; instead, she played through it straight, adding only a slide and a turn towards the end. Yet I must add that her overall performance was absolutely brilliant, and with the final triumphant chord she held not only her violin but her audience in the palm of her hand.That was a moment when the audience was hot for an encore. Why, oh why, did we have to stop the applause to present a bunch of garlands? \"We musicians prefer applause to garlands,\" Klausenitzer told the audience just a bit later, and I hope that remark is taken to heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668416", "title": "MSRTC to deploy more guards at Swargate", "text": "PUNE: Three days after the shocking incident of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) driver Santosh Mane going on a rampage in the city, the authorities here have decided to deploy two additional guards at the bus terminus during day-time to monitor movements of buses.Besides, authorities have also decided to approach the police with a request to undertake surprise checks of drivers' log-sheets and monitor their movements.Vijaykumar Divte, senior depot manager of Swargate, said, \"Two more guards will be deployed in the next couple of days at Swargate terminus. This will be an addition to the two existing guards who at present are deployed during day hours, largely to monitor movement of buses at platforms. The guards also restrict the agents of private bus operators from entering the platforms. The additional guards will be asked to undertake a vigil at the terminus.\"The MSRTC has joined hands with a private agency for appointment of guards. \"The recruitment of our own guards would take longer as it will require creation of new posts. So, we have joined hands with a private agency. The same agency will be asked to deploy additional guards,\" said Divte.Being the busiest bus terminus among the three bus termini of MSRTC, the Swargate terminus registers arrival and departure of about 1,450 buses on a daily basis. Swargate depot has its own fleet of 155 buses.After Wednesday's incident, MSRTC officials have issued instruction to drivers and conductors asking either one of them to remain in the bus if it has halted at the terminus.Divte said, \"We will also be approaching the police department with a request to undertake surprise checks of drivers. Every driver has to do an entry in a log book with the on-duty controller. The police will check if a driver is getting into a bus which is assigned to him. Else, the police personnel can approach the senior officials at the terminus.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11669110", "title": "Polavaram back to square one", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has finally decided to cancel the controversial Polavaram project tender. The Rs 4,717 crore project was finalized last October in favour of SEW Constructions and attracted widespread criticism as the firm is a partner in Namaste Telangana daily, the mouthpiece of the Telangana Rashtra Samithi(TRS).Some political leaders had even alleged that Kiran Kumar and TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao had entered into a clandestine agreement.State government sources said on Saturday that the CM had decided to call for fresh tenders and finalise the same by April this year so that the work of the project could be taken up by this summer.Sources close to the chief minister told STOI that Kiran was upset with his name being linked to the awarding of the contract and wanted to cancel the same and go for fresh bids.The contract was to construct four components of the project: the spillway, the headworks (structure at the diversion point of a waterway), earth-and-rock-fill dam and excavation for the power house.As per the government, SEW-led consortium was the lowest bidder among the four firms shortlisted for awarding the contract. It quoted Rs 4,122 crore which is 12.6 per cent less than the value of the work decided by the state government. CGGC-Soma consortium quoted Rs 4,147 crore and emerged as the second lowest bidder.The opposition also alleged that the government granted the contract to SEW to quell the Sakala Janula Samme that was being spearheaded by the Telangana groups. Soon after the SEW-led consortium won the contract, Namaste Telangana, a newspaper backed by SEW, allegedly started supporting the Polavaram dam which was viewed by the region's leaders as an 'anti-Telangana' project.In fact, the TDP has charged that one of the directors of SEW, C Lakshmi Rajam, is the promoter of Intercontinental Infrastructure Company, which holds a major stake in Namaste Telangana. However, TRS clarified that Rajam was a director in SEW four years ago and he now holds only a few shares in it.After SEW was awarded the contract, a consortium led by Soma went to court.\"Fresh tenders mean cost escalation to the tune of Rs 1,000 crore. This would certainly benefit the companies only as it is the state government that has to cough up more money,\" said irrigation sources.This is not the first time the government has invited tenders for the project. It had awarded the contract for building the spillway and rock-fill dam in 2005 and 2007.It called for fresh tenders in October this year after postponing it 17 times in the past two years. Meanwhile, the cost of the works has more than doubled. This has pushed the estimated cost of the project from Rs 10,247 crore in 2005 to Rs 17,000 crore now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11676575", "title": "Banning books is a sin: Chetan Bhagat", "text": "KOLKATA: Opining that banning books is a sin, popular novelist Chetan Bhagat on Sunday said people should appreciate the diversity of opinion in our society.\"Different people have different views. We must appreciate that. Nothing is absolute in this world,\" Bhagat said here at the Kolkata Literary Meet.While talking about the freedom of speech and expression in books written on religion, he said, \"there should be no ban on books. Thats a sin. Sometimes if some writings have hurt a society's feelings, they should acknowledge it\".Twenty years ago, Salman Rushdie's 'The Satanic Verses' was banned in many countries after Iranian leader Ayatollah Khomeini claimed that the novel's portrayal of the prophet Muhammad insulted Islam.Earlier this month, the British-Indian novelist had to cancel his trip to India citing threats against his life for hurting the sentiments of Muslims.Giving the examples of pornography and public nudity, Bhagat said that they are banned in many countries and one cannot show porn in the name of freedom of speech and expression.\"This is because every society has its own norms. They don't want to get destabilised,\" the author said adding that those who hurt the feelings of society shouldn't be treated as heroes.As an artist, he said he wants full freedom of speech and expression.\"But what if I say something that can destabilise the country? Whose responsibility will be that,\" the best-selling writer of five novels said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11676287", "title": "Railways may soon book tickets on phone", "text": "PATNA: Train passengers may not have to very soon face the travails of standing in long queues at reservation counters to procure tickets. Railways is seriously mulling over an idea to book tickets on phone for any destination and class at the country level.According to a Railway Board official, while online ticket booking facilities for e-ticketing and cell phone ticket booking have evoked impressive response from passengers across the country, the idea to book tickets on phone calls is gaining importance among railway circles. \"Efforts are going on to make this project a reality now,\" he said.Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) is working on the project seriously to make it come true. There is every possibility that a new inquiry number - 138 - would be used at the country level for booking tickets on phone calls. Passengers booking their tickets by phone calls would have to use cash cards purchased from IRCTC counters, an IRCTC official said, adding delivery of tickets could be from either the PRS (passenger reservation system) or collection centres.Thus, railway tickets would be made available at the passengers' doorsteps. Phone calls could be made from all telecom operators, sources said.An IRCTC official said the new system would enable passengers to access travel-related information like availability of accommodation, 'tatkal' booking, train number, concession and cancellation as well, while the railway inquiry number 139 would continue to offer basic service like PNR details and other information.Meanwhile, East Central Railway (ECR) has taken several measures to prevent misuse of 'tatkal' scheme by touts or vested interests at all major stations under its jurisdiction. With a view to reducing the chances of misuse of e-ticketing, railways has already stopped 'quick book option' and 'cash booking' between 8am and 9am every day. Besides, each individual is allowed to book only two tickets between 8am and 9am to check misuse of 'tatkal' scheme, said an ECR official.Besides, railways has made it compulsory to carry one of the eight prescribed identity proofs by any passenger booking tickets under the 'tatkal' scheme to prevent transfer of 'tatkal ' tickets, an ECR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11672608", "title": "Hostage trio yet to overcome trauma", "text": "GARHWA: Horror is still writ large on the faces of hostages even three days after their release from Maoist captivity.The horror will forever haunt the three who had been abducted after the rebels triggered a landmine blast at Lalmatia village of the district on January 21 killing 13 police personnel and injuring two.Although the district council chairperson, Sushma Mehta, her driver and CPI(ML) leader Akhtar Ansari are recovering, it will take them months, if not years, to recover from the shock and ordeal that they went through during the three days in Maoist custody. \"We had been abducted by the Maoists on January 21 after the landmine blast. They had taken us to a hill side and covered our faces. It was very painful for me to move on foot.My bodyguard Sunesh Ram used to help me sometimes and also my driver Mahboob helped me when I fell unconscious,\" said Mehta. Police have, however, so far failed to release Mehta's bodyguard Sunesh Ram who was also abducted. However, Garhwa SP Michael Raj S said that the search operation for Ram had been suspended on Saturday on the direction of zonal IG Rezi Dungdung following the appeal of Ram's kin. Uncertainty still prevails over the fate of the bodyguard, as the police are still in the dark despite major operations were launched along the Jharkhand-Chhattisgarh border to flush out the rebels.The relatives of the abducted bodyguard on Saturday tried to immolate themselves on Garhwa main road. DSP (headquarters) and SDPO Shrawan Kumar along with a police team rushed to the spot and foiled their bid of self-immolation. Mehta added, \"The most painful moment was when we heard the sound of a chopper. Suddenly, three rebels dragged us and threw us under a bush so as to hide us from the air surveillance.\" She said that the rebels forced them to move on foot continuously till Tuesday morning, the day the rebels set them free. Both Ansari and Mahboob are still in a trauma. While Ansari narrated the same story of shock Mehta said Mahboob is looking better though he is yet to recover from the mental ordeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11667894", "title": "Gunmen rob Kasba house", "text": "KOLKATA: A gang of five armed robbers broke into a couple's house in Kasba's Purbalok locality and looted jewellery and cash worth Rs 1.5 lakh early on Saturday morning. The gang reportedly beat up the couple after they tried to resist. Raids are on to nab the culprits.In a daring act of robbery, a gang of five robbers looted jewellery and cash worth Rs 1.5 lakh after entering a couple's home in Kasba's Purbalok locality under East Jadavpur police station early on Saturday. The gang members beat up Sudarshan Naskar and his wife after barging into their house and tied them up before looting and escaping. The police have begun raids to nab the culprits.Sudarshan Naskar is a government contractor and lives in the house with his wife. the couple lives alone in the house.At around 4am on Saturday, the gang broke the main door to the house. of and went straight into the couple's bedroom.On hearing a sound, Sudarshan woke up and after hearing sound coming from the main door of his house. He noticed five miscreants were trying to break into his house. Sudarshan tried to resist the gang, but to no avail. The miscreants gang walked straight into the couple's bedroom and tied The gang then tied up them up with ropes before embarking on their looting spree. and then began their looting spree.\"They were five in number and carried firearms. They broke the door and closed it from inside. One of them caught me tightly and started beating us,\" said a shocked Sudarshan. The gang allegedly hit Sudarshan's head with the butt of a revolver and threw him on the floor, while one of the gang members kept holding on to him tight so that he could not free himself. cannot pull himself up.Sudarshan's wife Samita Naskar was equally shocked after the incident. \"They were all masked and spoke on mobile phones, asking somebody outside to keep the car ready. They ransacked all the rooms,\" she said.The gang carried out its operation for more than an hour and ransacked all the almirahs. The helpless couple could do nothing but watch in horror.The gang looted 20 bhori of gold jewellery, Rs 73,000 in cash, two mobile phones, a camera and other valuables. They left in a Maruti car waiting outside the house. not do anything as the gang carried out its operation for more than an hour and ransacked all the almirahs and rooms before taking away Rs 73,000 in cash, about 20 bhoris of gold, two mobile phones, a camera and other belongings of the couple. They then fled in a Maruti car waiting just outside the house.On being informed, officers from East Jadavpur police station visited the house and initiated an investigation. was informed and its officers visited the house later in the day and began an investigation.Police have taken snapshots of the rooms and have collected fingerprints. The police stations nearby have also been alerted to nab the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11668799", "title": "Life, death and the interludes in between", "text": "Ramin Gray, artistic director of the Olivier Award-winning Actors' Touring Company, UK, speaks about his play 'The Golden Dragon' and life in the theatre.* Life in the theatre is like a strange animal... What are the characteristics that define this notion?There is no doubt that theatre can be conjured and will flicker into life, given the right set of circumstances and a degree of concentration and even belief. The Golden Dragon has indeed flickered to life this season at Jagriti Theatre.* As it stays alive on the closing night with the same gusto as in the opening night, what are the intricacies that have kept it together?Written by Roland Schimmelpfennig, this play, like others, can equally be brought to a stop with lightning swiftness as a director says 'Stop!' or whatever. His play explicitly challenges exactly this notion of creating life before your eyes by constantly interjecting and pulling the rug from under everyone's feet with an aside or a break. I think it's one of the most magical things in this play, that life is there one moment and then gone the next.* Grasping the magic of the complexities of life, death and the interludes, seeks out a certain artistic quality about the director. How do you reach within to exhibit this quality?The art of being a director is largely about knowing what question to ask, and when. Simply through the dialectic of enquiry, the process advances with the actors to the stage, where we can share the fruits of our questioning with an audience. And, hopefully generate another set of questions in their heads and hearts, too.* Questions and perception abound in the heads and hearts of Bangaloreans. What do their interactions towards 'The Golden Dragon' reveal to you?Bringing 'The Golden Dragon' to India has been an unexpected pleasure. We've been greeted by intelligence, warmth, enthusiasm and a keen eye for the merest whiff of sexual content, all of which has given us engaged and engaging audiences.I don't want to sound like a charming flatterer, but I think it's true to say that audiences in Bangalore have been particularly responsive. Maybe the fact that Bangalore has one of the highest concentrations of call centres in India means that some of our audience may be spending their working hours on the phone with people in Western Europe and it is of interest for them to then see a play that deals precisely with how Western Europeans deal with migrants from the Far East. Or possibly it's the story-telling technique that finds echoes in traditional Indian theatre that has made audiences amenable to the show.* As a tragicomic tale of globalization set in Thai/ Chinese/ Vietnamese takeaway, The Golden Dragon, received raves at the The Edinburgh Festival as well. As this play tours the world, what are some of the deep-seated qualities of people across cultures that vie for your attention?While superficially there seems to be much that divides us, some cultures may seem forbiddingly different, even alien to us, nothwithstanding, the laughter, when it comes, comes very reliably in almost the same places. And I'm sure the tears do too, although they tend to come a bit more silently, so it's difficult to judge.*When emotions are at play, time in the theatrical space has a terrible way of standing still. How do you find yourself when lost in its stillness?It happens when you keep looking at your watch and you even think it's broken. That's when you are watching the most abject, pretentious drivel you've ever seen, so bad that it may be beyond laughter - that is when time stands still, regrettably all too often.*As you ready to work on Sarah Kane's Crave and the English-language premiere of Ivan Viripaev's Illusions, what's this new day saying to you?The day says that I'm rather pleased to be doing what I am - running a theatre company and enjoying it! And then, there's always a new tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11668584", "title": "Tell us your new mobile numbers, cops request rowdies", "text": "BANGALORE: The city police will keep a hawk's eye on criminals released on bail.\"We have directed over 150 miscreants to inform us of any change in their mobile numbers or if they move to another house. This has been done to keep a strict vigil on those who continue committing offences even after coming out of jail,\" HD Revanna, deputy commissioner of police (North), told STOI.As a first step, cops raided their houses early Saturday morning in all 18 police limits stretching from Malleswaram and ending near Rajgopalnagar near Peenya and Sanjaynagar in Gangenahalli.\"We zeroed in on hardcore criminals who are habitual robbers, chain snatchers and assailants. We asked them to provide all details of their daily activities, persons they meet and the reason for meeting them and their source of income among other details,\" Revanna said.Fakruddin Shaik alias Chotu, 33, of Vidyaranyapura, Venkatesh, Abdulla, Santosh, Papanna, Babiulla Khan and Renuka alias Vandre Renuka from Nandi Layout were detained for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "11670163", "title": "Nuke plant: Ramdev backs farmers, slams govt", "text": "FATEHABAD: The cause of agitating farmers of Gorakhpur and nearby villages, whose lands have been acquired for setting up a nuclear power plant, got a boost on Friday evening when yoga guru Swami Ramdev , who is on a campaigning tour to Punjab, expressed solidarity with farmers and asked the government to shift its location to barren land.Ramdev, who had also attended the prayer session of Mitra Sen Arya, a social reformer of Arya Samaj, also criticized the Haryana government for not lending an ear to agitating farmers, who were sitting on dharna for the past 533 days.\"We support the farmers as they have a genuine cause for agitation. I have personally visited the place where government has proposed to set up the nuclear power plant. The land is highly fertile and the plant shall make the famrers landless and jobless. There is no derth of barren and un-utilised land in Haryana. Hence the government must review its decision. I support the farmers in this genuine cause,\" he told mediapersons outside the mini secretariat here, where the farmers are sitting on dharna.Hans Raj Siwach, president of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, said, \"Our demands remain the same. We are against this plant and will not give a single inch of our agriculture land to the government. We had lost three farmers during the agitation. Though we are receiving support from everyone, the state government is against our decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669242", "title": "Sleepy Chirag Dilli is city\u2019s momo capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's 6am and 24-year-old Uday's home in Chirag Dilli Village transforms into a mini momo factory.Working furiously across two floors are others from his native village in Darjeeling - a woman on the bed chopping onions, a boy crouched on the floor rolling dough and Uday and his friend stuffing rounded balls of dough with vegetable and chicken fillings.They have an early afternoon deadline to churn out 200 plates of momos.\"Once we finish stuffing and shaping momos, we partially steam them before transporting them to our Kalkaji stall,\" says Uday, as he continues to toss out small, perfectly shaped momos on the plastic sheet on the floor.He began life as a waiter, then worked at a momo factory before launching his own business. But Uday has competition. There are several others in the area, who prepare steamed snacks and supply them to vendors.Bal Kumari, who arrived in the city 14 years back, launched her momo business a few years back.It started as an occasional catering of a few plates for the Bhagat Singh College canteen, but now her team churns out 6,000 momos a day.\"We use 50kg each of maida and cabbage, a kilo of carrots and several kilos of chicken everyday. About 20kg tomatoes are used for sauce. We buy all the ingredients from the village itself,\" she says.On a stove in her room, a pot of hot sauce simmers. Her husband, Kamal Viswakarma, who once worked as a peon, has now joined the business.He says they use two kilos of dried chilies everyday to make the fiery sauce. But the top floor of her home is where all the action happens.There's a huge blue plastic tub filled with sweet tomato chutney on the terrace.A steamer a few feet ahead emits light vapours, and inside a room are about 10 men shaping momos with flawless coordination. By afternoon, they begin to fill steel jars with the trademark red sauce - a special recipe invented by Kumari - and carry them with steamers to their stalls at Ashram and Sheikh Sarai.\"We also supply to three individual vendors, who come every few days and buy about 50-60 plates of momos,\" says Kumari. But not every factory in the area chooses to distribute momos this way. Prem Prakash, who set up shop eight years ago, makes paneer momos as well.He says the demand is huge, but he refuses to cater to all vendors.\"They come for momos, but offer half the price. This will compromise on the quality,\" he said.Though there are nearly 50 homemade momo setups in the area, owners say business isn't at its peak. A plate of steaming hot momos may seem like a good way to beat the cold, but winter also drives away business.\"People don't venture out when it's cold. There are also many weddings this season and people don't eat out before they attend one,\" says Prakash, who has a stall in Malviya Nagar and Khirki Extension.Rising costs also narrow profit margins. The price of a momo plate - with 10-12 pieces - varies between Rs 25 and Rs 35. But that's barely enough to cover basic necessities.\"By the time, I deduct all expenses, there's only enough left for essentials. We also have to deal with police, municipal corporations and health committees and often cough up Rs 1000 to Rs 1200 in the form of fines,\" says Kumari.Pointing to a gas cylinder, Prakash says: \"I paid Rs 900 for gas, but it will get over in just two days. Forget earnings, I'm just happy I can still run my house.\"There's a Nepalese song playing in the background and there are mammoth jute bags stashed with onions and ginger, all waiting to be used the day after.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11669117", "title": "UP witnesses 115% increase in assets of re-contesting candidates", "text": "LUCKNOW: The growth of assets of 44 re-contesting MLAs in the first phase of Uttar Pradesh assembly election has doubled in the span of five years.According to the figures released by Uttar Pradesh Election Watch, the average assets of these MLAs declared in 2007 was Rs 1.43 crore, while in 2012, the average assets of the MLAs were Rs 3.08 crore. As far as the growth of assets is concerned, the average quantum of growth is Rs 1.65 crore, while in terms of percentage the figure translates into 115%.Ajay Pratap Singh of Bahujan Samaj Party from Colonelganj had the highest increase in assets worth Rs 12.08 crore, followed by Chaudhary Ravindra Pratap of Congress from Shoratgarh with an asset increase of Rs 6.56 crore, while Sangram Singh of BSP from Barabanki registered as increase of Rs 5.5 crore. The highest percentage increase of assets is 13,074% of JD-(U) candidate Kaushalendra Nath from Tulsipur, whose gross assets rose from Rs 51,940 in 2007 to 68.42 lakh in 2012.Sher Bahadur of SP from Jalalpur is the only sitting MLA whose assets have decreased by 35%, from Rs 31.87 lakh in 2007 to Rs 20.73 lakh in 2012.Comparing the current financial details of 18 BSP MLAs with their assets in 2007 indicate that on an average the asset increase was around Rs 2.20 crore or 90%, Similarly the average fortunes of SP and BJP swung up by 132% and 166% respectively. The upward trend continued for the Congress and Independents, whose average increase in assets was 3.6 times and 2.7 times respectively.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11669979", "title": "'If I could say no to Rajiv, Raninder could have to Rahul'", "text": "PATIALA: If I could say no to a ticket offered by none other than the Prime Minister of India and then Congress president, Rajiv Gandhi , why couldn't you do the same to Rahul, who is a Congress general secretary.\" That is what Malvinder Singh, the estranged brother of PPCC president Amarinder Singh , is believed to have told his nephew Raninder Singh, a few days after he quit the Congress to join SAD.Making this dramatic disclosure while talking to TOI at Leela Palace, his residence on the outskirts of Patiala city near Punjabi University, Malvinder, who is upset with Raninder for having jeopardized his claims on a Congress ticket for Samana, said, \"Tikku (Raninder) came to see me a few days after he got the ticket and told me that Rahul Gandhi had insisted on his contesting from the seat. I told him that he should have had the gumption to say no, knowing fully well that I had turned down Rajiv's ticket to fight against my own brother in 1989.\"Revealing the circumstances of the 1989 offer purportedly made to him by the then Punjab governor Siddhartha Shankar Ray, Malvinder recalled, \"It was a winter afternoon and I had just returned to our Delhi house after playing golf. There were no cellphones then. My wife told me that Ray had made seven-eight calls, asking about my whereabouts. I called back and he said he wanted to meet me urgently.\"The meeting took place at Kapurthala House, where high tea awaited Malvinder. \"Ray told me that he had been asked by the PM to offer to me to contest from Patiala parliamentary constituency. I asked him whether he knew that my brother (Amarinder), who had left Congress by then in protest against Operation Bluestar, was going to fight from the same seat on an Akali ticket. He said the the PM wanted me to contest against my brother. He said he was authorized to give me Rs 3 crore to contest the polls and another Rs 2 crore for any additional expenditure for the polls,\" he said, painting a vivid picture of the meeting.\"I told him that I had only two things to say - that the next time the PM, who was also my class fellow, should call me up himself, and that I would not contest against my brother. I then walked out of that meeting, leaving the tea half finished.\"Malvinder's wife, Haripriya, who is the cousin 'maasi' (aunt) of Raninder, joined in the conversation, saying, \"Imagine, they wanted the brothers to fight against each other.\"Talking about Raninder's episode, she feels that the current split in the family was a \"temporary phase\". \"Ours is a very, very, close family. Tikku was only 10 months old when we got married, and I became his 'chachi'. If he had been older, he would have been calling me 'maasi',\" she smiledMalvinder too feels that vis-a-vis the family, the rift would be short-lived. Ask him how he would feel on Raninder's victory or loss during this election, and 'chacha' Malvinder, who is openly campaigning against his nephew, says, \"As his uncle, I would feel sad. But as his political rival, I wouldn't be too unhappy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "3755943", "title": "Bobby Deol played young Dharmendra", "text": "Amongst the several Bollywood actors who started as a child actor, not many known that Bobby Deol too played a 2-second part in Manmohan Desai's Dharam Veer.Bobby played the role of younger Dharmendra in the film and was very cute in his part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11670793", "title": "College teachers' dharna for revised salary", "text": "BHOPAL: College teachers will stage a dharna across the state on January 29 in support of their demand for revised salary and arrears.State Government Collegiate Education Professors' Association president Prof Kailash Tyagi said the state government's failure in disbursing the arrears forced the college employees to raise their demands. \"The revised salary package of the UGC was implemented five years ago but the state government is yet to disburse the arrears.\" Tyagi said.Tyagi alleged that the state government was not making any serious attempt to take the amount of arrears from the central government. \"We wrote to the state government several times, but they never responded,\" Tyagi added.State Government Collegiate Education Teachers' Association, Sports Officers Association, Library Officers Association and other organizations of the government colleges will participate in the proposed dharna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669329", "title": "AICTE procedure likely to delay tech admissions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The admissions to the pharmacy, engineering, master of computer application ( MCA), master of business administration (MBA) are likely to be delayed. The All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) has recently extended the last date for receiving application for establishing new colleges till January 31.This is the third revision of the deadline for receiving proposals for the new college. Officials in GTU said with January 31 slated to be the last date, the AICTE will approve the colleges till May-June and this would again delay the admission procedure as last minute approvals will force the admission committee for professional courses (ACPC) to go in for reshufflings.Sources said that AICTE had earlier decided to complete the procedure by the end of December last so that the academic sessions of the newly-granted colleges are not delayed.With the extension of date first to January 15 and now to January 31, the colleges will be left with less time to finish the admission process, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670358", "title": "CCP writes to DMA over release of Rs 6 crore octroi", "text": "PANAJI: The Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) has written a letter to the directorate of municipal administration (DMA) to immediately release around 6 crore collected by way of octroi duty from the CCP jurisdiction over the last two years.Speaking to STOI, CCP mayor Yatin Parekh confirmed this.Sources in CCP said that due to a financial crises, the CCP does not have a sufficient amount in its treasury to pay the salaries of workers. There are around 600 workers employed by the CCP and their salaries amount to 15 crore per annum.Earlier, octroi was directly collected by the CCP, but since the BJP tenure it was being collected by the government and being reverted to the CCP. \"Even after continuous reminders, the government has not reverted the 6 crore,\" said Parekh, adding that the corporation was \"somehow managing to pay its staff salaries\".CCP also gets revenue from garbage collection, advertisements hoardings, sopo collection and construction licenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669049", "title": "'Adoptive\u2019 father Raj Kumar still on the run", "text": "NEW DELHI: The teenager who brought the battered two-year-old girl to AIIMS was her sole custodian during January 14-18, when the little one is believed to have been harmed.Police sources who shared this information with TOI also said the main accused, Raj Kumar, was away in Mumbai at the time as his son was ill.Raj Kumar, the police have learnt, had adopted the child and she was in good health. \"The teenager's statements before us and the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) suggest she had run out of patience with the child in these five days and probably harmed her. There is no history of the child being beaten up,'' said a source.Delhi Police teams sent to Mumbai and Bihar on Friday to trace Raj Kumar have not been successful so far. Sources said the family of Raj Kumar, who entrusted the baby to the teenager, and the other people who had allegedly passed on the child till it reached Kumar are in touch with the police in both Delhi and Mumbai.The search for the child's biological parents has hit a wall in Uttam Nagar.\"We have the trail till Uttam Nagar, where one Munni is said to have abandoned the girl about two months ago. Munni worked as a domestic help to a woman called Laxmi, who has told us that she gave the child to one Manoj, who handed it over to Kumar three weeks ago,\" said a source.Raj Kumar reportedly brought the baby to a guesthouse in Mahipalpur where he was staying with the teenager, and asked her to raise it. \"Manoj is expected to join the probe soon, but Munni has not been traced,\" said a senior south district officer.While Delhi Police on Saturday denied that Raj Kumar had been arrested in Mumbai's Malad area, sources in Mumbai police told TOI that the Delhi team had come to them with a proper address and picked up Raj Kumar. \"Delhi Police wanted to confront Raj Kumar with other persons connected with this case to establish the truth,\" said a source.Additional commissioner of police (southeast) Ajay Choudhury said several police teams have been questioning people believed to be connected with the case.\"We are putting in our best efforts to solve the case and the culprits will be arrested soon\". He confirmed that the teenager was neither the baby's mother nor a relative.The police said several people have approached them expressing willingness to adopt the child, but they have not received any credible claim from a relative. \"We believe that after such extensive coverage, someone would have turned up from her side had she been kidnapped. We now believe she was abandoned by her parents,'' said a source. Regarding reports about the baby being speech impaired, Child Welfare Committee chairperson Raaj Mangal Prasad said, \"The teenager never indicated this''.In another twist to the case, the teenager's father claimed on Saturday that the police were denying him an audience with his daughter. The CWC order states that the teen will be produced outside the juvenile home, where she has been housed since last week, only on Tuesday. The father alleged that some 'dirty women' had planned and kidnapped his daughter and until they were arrested justice would not be done. Police said there was no evidence to support his allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11669392", "title": "Kids party, learn about Basant, R-day", "text": "MODEL TOWN: To mark Republic Day and Basant Panchami, a group of 10 children organized a get-together in Model Town on Friday evening. It was a small party for the kids between age group of 3 to 11.They visited Mannat's house in Model Town for this party, the arrangements for which were made by Jatinder Singh, Mannat's father, a businessman.Mannat, Khushi, Parerna, Pragati, Nitesh, Vaibhav, Prabhjot and Sarleen Singh had lot of fun in one another's company. Jatinder Singh said, \"It was a small get-together for children and a chance to inform them about the importance of Republic Day and Basant Panchami.\" He said they served chocolates, wafers and other eatables to the children, who enjoyed for one hour. He said they would organize more such parties for the children in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11674271", "title": "Stephanie Beacham backs 'Princess' Catherine", "text": "Stephanie Beacham thinks Duchess Catherine should be made a princess.The former 'Dynasty' actress is one of many people who hoped the duchess would be given the official title of princess on the occasion of her marriage to Britain's Prince William in April last year, and thinks it would be less confusing, particularly for non English people, if she were.She told Britain's OK! MAGAZINE: \"I think she's being beautifully groomed up, she seems to have the mettle to do the job, and I totally agree with my friend Joan [Collins]. What's this Cambridge business? It confuses people. Princess Catherine, let's have it. She's captured hearts hasn't she?\"Joan - who played Stephanie's arch rival in 'Dynasty' - has previously given her thoughts on why she thinks Catherine should be a princess.She said: \"I very much like Catherine. What do we call her now? The Duchess of Cambridge sounds so old! Can't we just call her Princess Catherine as they do in America? She has not put a foot wrong.\"She even looks like a princess. I think Prince William has done a great job and taught her what to expect. She is flawless in everything, her clothes, her smile, her attitude.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11669723", "title": "Give us today our daily bread (and mince)", "text": "Many in this city have an Irani cafe memory. Some wax eloquent about so-and-so's custard; others say the chai is overrated and the proprietors are tetchy. Whatever their views, the all-access cafe has, for many, typified the quintessence of Mumbai. It has been a gastro-cultural dock where servant, dog and master are all welcome....as long as they keep it brief.However, it is precisely because of their long and fond association with the Irani cafe that three amateur 'anthropologists' have sought to archive the establishment. Naturally, they're not the only documenters, only the most recent.\"There must have been a dozen films made on the Irani cafe in the last decade,\" says Bruce Carter, an Australian and unlikely archivist of this cafe culture. A cafe owner in South Mumbai, says Carter, was so fed up with people wanting to make films on the 'disappearing Irani cafe' that he would boot the next fellow with a camera out of the door. Carter's blog Iranichaimumbai.com is one of the few comprehensive omnibuses of oral history, fact and anecdote we've seen.The project's provenance lay in that first cup of chai he had at an Irani cafe that closed less than a week later.\"There was an elderly man who was weeping over his chai and bun maska. 'It is as if a piece of our life is being taken,' he sobbed. It got me thinking. It seemed that whoever I talked to, whatever I read on the subject, everyone agreed that the departure of these joints from Mumbai's street corners was something to feel sad about. So I started to talk to cafe owners, interview them. I wanted to try to find out what this loss that people kept expressing really meant and where it was coming from,\" Carter says on email.The blog eventually hopes to progress to a printed, illustrated and affordable popular history book on the Irani cafes and the Irani community, which Carter has grown to know well. He says, \"I have hours of taped interviews, boxes of newspaper articles, photographs and other material that people have very generously assisted me with over the last five years. The Irani community in Mumbai in particular has been wonderful-open, honest and giving of their time.\"Animation artist Gautam Benegal gave the Irani cafe more time than the cafe or its owners were expected to give him, for he often took cursory sketches of the cafes back home to finish. His project, which spanned 20 years and over two dozen art works, was exhibited recently-the images of a crepuscular quality that seem to foreshadow the eclipse of the cafes, even though the tableaux themselves depict pathos, irony, and comedy, mirroring the real deal.\"I came to Mumbai from Calcutta in the late 1980s to work in film animation, and in moving from one sub-let space to the other, I was always fortunate to find an Irani cafe close by,\" Benegal says, ticking off Cafe Cadel, Fairdeal Cafe, Cafe Tardeo, Cafe City, Kayani's, Bastani's ... \"Iranis sustained me in those days of subsistence. I would sit in a corner and sketch the goings-on. The emotional connect I have with the Iranis has built over time; they've become the mnemonics, the markers of my life.\"Film-maker and journalist Khalid Mohammed, too, was persuaded by his own personal history with the cafe to make a documentary film on it. \"The Last Irani Chai has a celebratory spirit; it isn't a lament. It's a reminder to appreciate the Irani cafes while they're still around,\" he says. According to Mohammed's research, gleaned mostly from oral histories, Mumbai's 300-plus Irani cafes have now attenuated to 30 or so.It was as much to chronicle Mumbai as the Zoroastrian Irani cafe culture that Mohammed took his camera out. In the film, he gets several cafe proprietors to open up about their cafes' histories, the unlikelihood of their children getting into the business (as Boman Irani points out, the youngsters don't want to sit behind a cash counter all day) and offer their zany truths on why they've chosen to not polish their act. \"The mawa cakes and bun maska wouldn't taste the same if the place was air-conditioned, with cushioned furniture and modern wall paintings,\" says Zyros Zend, proprietor of Yazdani cafe.The familiar taciturnity of the Irani cafe owner is patently absent from the film. But that shouldn't be an invitation to scores of film students to take their boom mikes to Sassanian Boulangerie. They may just get the boot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11663170", "title": "Salman , Shah Rukh nominated for Ghanta awards", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan , Salman Khan and Anurag Kashyap are among the nominees for this year's Ghanta and Golden Kela Awards, which are India's version of the the Razzies.Salman and Shah Rukh have been nominated in the worst actor categories at The Ghantas while \"Don 2\" has been nominated in the \"Worst Rip-Off\" category for imitating \"every Hollywood action film\". Anurag Kashyap tweeted he would collect his Ghanta award in person if his film, \"That Girl in Yellow Boots\", wins in the \"Holier-than-thou\" films category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedbad", "code": "11669580", "title": "GU draws flak for not implementing SC, ST norms", "text": "AHMEDBAD: The number of candidates employed under reservation policy at various bodies of Gujarat University is expected to increase as the policy regulations would be effectively implemented according the officials from National Commission for Scheduled Castes.In a regular annual session between the college and university professors and non-teaching staff of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, Raju Parmar, member of National Commission for Scheduled Castes, said, \"Gujarat University has failed to comply with the UGC norms announced in 2006 on reservation policy. We visited five universities in state and observed the similar problem. Many of the reserved seats are still lying vacant at these six universities. STSC cell at Gujarat University is also found not to be actively functional.\"However, Parmar concluded saying that the situation may soon change as Gujarat University VC Parimal Trivedi promised that now onwards proper implementation of reservation policy norms would be done.Gujarat state ST-SC college and university teaching staff federation secretary Pankaj Shrimali also submitted a memorandum to Parmar noting that since 2006 the reservation policy norms are not effectively implemented at senate and syndicate bodies of the university. Shrimali said, \"The reservation policy norms are also not effectively implemented for filling the seats reserved for class 1 and 2 officers at the university.\"Shrimali also demanded that effective implementation of reservation policy at self financed colleges and institutes of the university also must happen.The election for ten seats for Gujarat University student senate will take place on February 19. Akhil Bharitya Vidyarthi Parishad has announced list of ten candidates for this election. National Student Union of India would shortly announce their list of candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670510", "title": "Goa's tableau wins second place at Republic Day parade", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's tableau bagged the second prize from among 23 tableaus representing 13 states and 10 ministries, departments and agencies of the Indian government at the Republic Day parade held in New Delhi.The tableau, titled 'Goa - A Spectacle of Joy', depicted the festivities of Goa and was designed by Francisco Martins.The Goan contingent comprised 65 members including performers and artists. The music for the float was composed by Mukesh Ghatwal, and the Konkani lyrics described Goa as a place of festivals, beaches, fields and greenery.A float of the human resource development ministry bagged the first prize while a float from Karnataka got the third place.Minister for defence A K Antony will present the prizes to the winners on January 31 at a function at Rashtriya Rangshalla camp at Dhaula Kuva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11676305", "title": "Academics slam education department for PU probe order", "text": "PATNA: Setting up of inquiry committees by the state government against the alleged irregularities in Patna and Magadh universities has stirred up a hornet's nest in the academic circles. Academics have taken strong exception to the government action in instituting inquiries against the vice-chancellors on its own sweet will and urged the chief minister to intervene in the matter and safeguard the autonomy of the universities.Deans of as many as five faculties of Patna University (PU), including Bharti S Kumar of social sciences, Rakesh Verma of law, Ashutosh Kumar of education, S M Ashok of humanities and Umesh Mishra of commerce, said that the inquiry set up by the education department against PU vice-chancellor on the basis of complaint made by some self-styled student leaders is in utter violation of the PU Act and statutes. Identity and antecedence of these \"students\" should have been ascertained before initiating any probe. \"In the last few years, these students have been disturbing the peace of the university on one pretext or the other. They had the audacity to abuse and insult the VC in his office chamber,\" they said.They further observed that setting up of an inquiry committee by the government against the VC with officers much below in rank and protocol is not only funny but also shows the clout of these student leaders in the higher hierarchy of the government. It is noteworthy that, for the first time in the history of PU, an inquiry has been set up by the government against the VC on the basis of a complaint made by such elements against whom the university has initiated disciplinary action for their misconduct, they added.Bihar Public Service Commission's former member and PU English teacher Shiv Jatan Thakur has expressed his grave concern over the erosion of the rule of law in the education department by constituting an inquiry committee against the PU VC in blatant violation of the statutory law.Referring to the Section 10 (2) of the university Act, Thakur asserted that in respect to the administrative lapses of the university officials, the power to constitute inquiry committee is conferred exclusively on the chancellor, no one else. It is absolutely unlawful for the education department to order inquiry against the lapses of the PU VC. The constitution of inquiry committee on the receipt of frivolous complaint by one who is punished for indiscipline by the vice-chancellor makes a mockery of the doctrine of jurisprudence by the department presided over by the former advocate general of Bihar, who is the current education minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11668172", "title": "An evening of food, contests and prizes", "text": "KOLKATA: Residents of South City Garden on B L Saha Road had a gala time earlier this week with the Times Evening, an event that has become a household name in the city, reaching its crescendo on Monday.The event, organised by The Times of India and presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors, Medica Superspeciality Hospital and Aviva, saw a packed gathering where residents - old, middle-aged and the young alike - enjoyed some entertaining moments. Prizes, sponsored by Canon, IFB, Palki, Camerena, Propello Innovations Pvt Ltd, SunKwik, Manyavar, Rolex optical, Chowman and Tangerine, were up for grabs for the contestants. Rollick treated all participants at the event with lip-smacking ice-creams.The event kicked off with a sit-and-draw competition, where 36 children participated. All of them were awarded a special prize from Aviva. Arya Haldar won a digital camera from Camerena, Rehan Gupta clinched a pair of binoculars as the second prize. Ainndrilla Dutta, the third prize winner, got an 8-GB pendrive from Camerena.The painting competition was followed by The Master Chef cooking competition, where 27 exclusive dishes were prepared by the residents of the housing complex that were judged by eminent chef Pradip Rozario - owner of K K's Fusion. The first prize went to Kalapi Mitra who won a micro oven from IFB and a pressure cooker from Sun-Kwik along with a meal voucher from Tangerine. Madhu Baid and Anita Kedia pressure cookers from Sun-Kwik as the second and third prize, respectively.In the \"Made For Each Other\" round, 10 participating couples were asked five questions about each other. They were also asked to perform for their soul mates. The first three winning couples received sarees from Palki and gift vouchers from Manyavar. The winners also received couple meal coupons from Chowman. The round was conducted by eminent actors Sampurna Lahiri and Prasun Guin. Vimlesh and Chetna Shah emerged the winning couple. They won a two nights and three days free stay from Club Mahindra Holidays, sarees from Palki and also a gift voucher from Manyavar along with a meal voucher from Chowman.The second winning couple was Sudipto Saha and Barnani Saha who won saree from Palki and gift voucher from Manyavar and a meal voucher from Chowman. The third winning couple - Ashish Jain and Sweta Jain won saree from Palki, gift voucher from Manyavar and a meal voucher from Chowman.Times Tambola got more than 250 participants and the \"jaldi five\" winner was Ritcha Jhunjhunwala, who received a gas oven from Propello Innovations. The first row winner was Sweta Bharana followed by Navya Binani and third row winner Sonal Jain. Each won a three jar mixer grinder from Propello and Rolex Optical gift vouchers. The \"full house\" was won by Kamal Kejriwal who received a electrical kitchen chimney from Propello.Manoj Biyani, president of South City Gardens said, \"It was a memorable evening for all the residents.\"Kolkata: It was an evening filled with fun and frolic for children and residents of South City Garden on B.L.Saha Road Monday as the Times Evening, organised by The Times Of India, reached a crescendo.The event, organised by The Times of India and presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors, Medica Superspeciality Hospital and Aviva, saw a packed gathering where residents - old, young and the very young alike - enjoyed some fun and entertaining moments.There were prizes up for grabs which were sponsored by Canon, IFB, Palki, Camerena, Propello Innovations Pvt Ltd, SunKwik, Manyavar, Rolex optical, Chowman and Tangerine. All the participants at the event were given delicious ice-creams by Rollick.The event kicked off with a sit-and-draw competition for the little ones who tried their hand at painting. 36 children in the age group between 5yrs to 12 yrsparticipated and all of them were given a special appriciation prize from Aviva. Arya Haldar won a digital canon camera from Camerena, the second prize was clinched by Rehan Gupta who won a pair of binoculars. The third prize winner Ainndrilla Dutta got a 8 GB pendrive from Camerena.The painting competition was followed by The Master Chef cooking competition in which some lipsmacking preparations were dished out by the residents. The cookery competition attracted 27 exclusive dishes prepared by the residents of the housing complex which was judged by eminent chef Pradip Rozario - owner of K K's Fusion.The first prize went to Kalapi Mitra who won a micro-over from IFB and a pressure cooker from Sun-Kwik along with a meal voucher from Tangerine. The second prize winner Madhu Baid won a pressure cooker along and the third prize winner was Anita Kedia who also won a pressure cooker from Sun-Kwik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11669887", "title": "Welcome, brothers?", "text": "The first elections in Egypt after the ouster of Hosni Mubarak have seen the rise of Islamist parties. Freedom and Justice Party (FJP), the political outfit floated by the Muslim Brotherhood (Ikhwan), polled 47%, signalling the end of Mubarak's 30-year dictatorial rule, during which it came to represent the dominant strain of public opinion.The vote translates into 75% seats in the new parliament and can only increase the unease of rulers in Saudi Arabia , heighten the paranoia of Syria's autocrat, sharpen western anxieties and spur Israel into greater watchfulness.Along with the Salafist party's strong showing, the Brotherhood's dominance in Egypt's elections raises the prospect of a state deeply imbued in Islamist colours that can spell fresh hostilities with Israel and present its neighbours and the international community with an added complication in a region not exactly short of troubles.Will the Brotherhood's ascent to power makes the vast swathe of land from the Maghreb to the Persian Gulf more unstable? That's difficult to answer but so far, its leaders are at pains to present a more moderate response, even ruling out cooperation with the Salafists. Foreign visitors have gathered the impression that the group may choose \"bread over bombs.\"As popular unrest swept Egypt last year, the Brothers kept a surprisingly low profile. Yet, they are the beneficiaries of a revolution that spread through mobiles and social media. The group's leaders insist the regime will not be coercive even as the party is expected to remain loyal to Islamic tenets.The Brotherhood has almost always had a political agenda. Its founder, Hasan al-Banna, was part of a tradition of revivalists and pan-Islamists like Jamal al-din Afghani, who in the 19th century sought to remind Muslims of their historical achievements in a bid to counter the lack of self-esteem engendered by colonial rule. Banna too saw the salvation of Muslims in a return to the \"first principles\" which, he felt, provided an anchor against the unsettling influence of the west. In his \"five tracts\", he talks of the need to be duty bound to the Islamic cause and the supremacy of the unity of political and religious authority in the scriptures.It is not surprising that as early as 1936 the Brothers identified Palestine as an \"Islamic\" cause and organized a remarkable effort to build domestic support to oppose a \"British-Zionist conspiracy\". They believed the Ummah superseded national and racial divisions. Banna argued that national loyalties, the Arab cause and the Ummah are all enmeshed.By 1940, they had a special section that was to be a covert armed group. Military action in 1947 was followed by involvement in assassination plots against Egyptian leaders. Banna's thoughts were carried forward by Sayyid Qutb, a leading member of the Brotherhood who wrote extensively in its journal \"Al dawah\" after returning from the US, where he was put off by its racism, permissiveness and bias towards Israel. It is not surprising that the Brothers attracted the wrath of the British, and later, Egyptian leaders like Nasser, Sadat and Mubarak. The Brothers were ruthlessly jailed and the experience turned some like al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri towards more violent options.Although leaders like Qutb made it clear that sovereignty solely belongs to the almighty, he did not agree that he was calling for freezing society in a particular form. \"...Islam is a framework within which ever new forms of Muslim society are shaped in accordance with surrounding conditions - while at the same time based on fixed principles,\" he wrote in the journal.Could Qutb's words provide a choice? Some 84 years after it was founded, the Ikhwan has history in its grasp. It can work for lasting peace in the Middle East as the leader of a large nation with an ancient civilization. It can also mimic isolationist regimes like those that ruled Iran.The Salafists can be a political threat that restricts moderate politics. But for now, the FJP has promised to respect freedom of opinion and spoken of the need to reform education. However, the fledgling democracy is hampered by a still-powerful military and stunted institutions. The Brothers may need to change faster than they have in decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11670728", "title": "Govt gets cracking on crow deaths", "text": "KOLKATA: After ignoring the mysterious crow deaths in the city for nearly two months, the state government flew into action mode on Saturday and sent scientists to Rabindra Sarovar to gather carcasses and blood samples.TOI on Friday first reported on crows dropping dead all over the city.Sources said the health department has asked Kolkata Municipal Corporation to investigate the mysterious illness. Scientists from West Bengal University of Animal and Fisheries Sciences, Belgachia, are conducting a crow's autopsy to identify the possible cause of death. A KMC team gathered three carcasses from different parts of the lake. A dead bird was seen floating in Santragachi jheel as well.\"We are looking into the matter seriously. If need be, more carcasses will be collected for examination and sent to Indian Veterinary Research Institute in Bhopal,\" an official said.Several people called up the TOI office on Saturday to report seeing dead crows in the past couple of months. The crows are seen on the ground, hunched over and still, and clearly unable to spread their wings. Slowly, they collapse and die.Ankan De, an environment engineer from John Hopkins University in the US, saw a crow drop like a stone from a tree on Saturday afternoon, just hours after he had read the TOI article.\"It was very odd. I was staring out of the window in my house when I saw the crow drop to the ground. I rushed down and saw the crow shivering. It would try to roll over and get on its feet but failed,\" he said. De had seen three dead crows near Prinsep Ghat a couple of days ago.Ignoring crow deaths can lead to epidemic, feels expertTechnocrat Arijit Banerjee, who is a member of the e-group bengalbirds.com, reported seeing dead crows, particularly in December. \"We discussed it on our blog. Tests on dead crows in Jharkhand showed H5N1, a bird flu strain that has infected crows,\" he said.Birla Tyres executive Debasis Bhattacharya said he had seen two dead crows. \"Initially, I thought the birds had got electrocuted. But now I realise it wasn't so. It looks like a disease is striking the birds, crippling and killing them,\" he said.\"Around a month ago, we spotted three dead crows on the same spot in the Tollygunge Club lawns. We all felt it was quite unusual. An official of Forest Research Institute, who was with us, said the carcasses needed to be sent for tests,\" said activist Bonani Kakkar.Environment expert and former director of Sunderban Tiger Reserve, Pranabesh Sanyal said a probe should have been done much earlier. \"I started noticing dead crows about a month back. In fact, I saw a crow writhing on the ground under a tree at Rabindra Sarovar recently. It's clear that they are suffering from a disease. It could be due to the cold because birds, crows in particular, are vulnerable to cold,\" said Sanyal.Blood and tissue samples of the dead crows should be sent to the High Security Animal Disease Laboratory (HSANDL) in Bhopal, said Subodh Ranjan Karmakar, specialist, public health, ministry of health and family welfare, Government of India.\"Crows have a flying range of about 20 km which is enough to spread the infection. Even though humans don't come in close contact with crows, the latter do mingle with poultry,\" said Karmakar, who had taken photographs of dead crows and sent them to the animal husbandry department. He urged the KMC and state government to issue an advisory for citizens. \"Kolkatans should be told that dead birds, including crows, are not to be touched with bare hands,\" he said.Environmentalist Dipayan Dey, chair of South Asian Forum for Environment (SAFE), warned that ignoring the deaths could lead to an epidemic. \"A few years ago, vultures were dying in a similar fashion. It turned out to be an epidemic and now we hardly see them in Kolkata. It could be happening to crows now,\" said Dey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11669556", "title": "Digitization renders film reels redundant", "text": "MUMBAI: The old cinema-on-reels prints are fast becoming redundant as new films are distributed through digital prints. The production of analogue film prints is just 25% of a film's total print run. Trade pundits predicted a dip in the number of analog prints in the next three years.For Jodha Akbar, released in 2008, the number of analog prints was double of digital prints. By the time Rajneeti hit the screens in 2009, digital prints were 60% of the film's total print run. Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara had nearly 75% digital prints in 2011.On Friday, Agneepath released in 1,100 out of 1,888 digital screens. Apurva Mehta of Dharma Production said, \"Modernisation of existing cinemas and growth of multiplexes have led to a higher number of digital prints being used with each successive film. There is a considerable saving in costs and better control on piracy.\"Rajesh Mishra of UFO Moviez said, \"Older technology always gives way to new ones, it is just following the gradient. Currently, only a few hundred cinemas across India screen analog prints.\"In big films, the ratio of digital to analog is about 65-75%. For a midsmall sized Hindi film though the ratio for digital goes up to 85-90%. Operations head of Fun Cinemas Vishal Anand said, \"Digitalisation revolution started about three years back when tech service providers realized the potential of B and C towns. That's where the numbers are adding on. The new plexes are equipped with digital 2K projection and the old plex screens are being converted to the same platform.\"The growth of multiplexes in cities like Mumbai and Delhi has almost come to a saturation point. Both cities have seen growth in the last decade. Further growth is hampered by factors, including prohibitive real estate costs. Tier two cities like Surat, Jaipur, Indore, Lucknow, Ludhiana and Patna have seen growth in multiplex screens. About 30 out of 56 screens to be added this year would be in tier 2 and tier 3 cities. An industry source said, \"The business from smaller centres is getting bigger and better. So, more actors are doing city tours to connect with the audience of these centres.\"Producers are opting for digital releases for commercial and economic reasons. Siddharth Roy Kapur of UTV Motion Picture said, \"The transition from analogue to digital prints has been at a frenetic pace over the past few years. This has helped producers and distributors to substantially reduce average per print costs. It has also increased theatrical penetration in smaller centres, mainly in locations that were unable to justify the cost of an analogue print earlier. It has helped smaller theatre owners get back into business.\" Distributors can now absorb the cost of a digital print in these locations, which earlier seemed unviable.Vijay Singh of Fox Studios said, \"Spread of digital prints is no longer confined to B and C centers. Upmarket multiplexes in Mumbai and Delhi also have digital print screening. We see the trend growing. Most of the multiplexes now have twin infrastructures - they can play digital and analog prints.\"Each analog print cost a minimum Rs 50,000 and digital print costs Rs 10,000. Amod Mehra said, \"It is a huge saving for producers and distributors. Earlier, we released only a few hundred prints. Today, it has crossed 2,000 and distributors don't have big enough godowns to house them. Storage of films is not a priority today as most of them digitise films. So, they save on storage and maintenance cost.\"Earlier, film reels had resale value. Now, they don't bring returns to the distributor or a producer. A manager from a film distribution company said, \"Till the early 1990s, film prints had silver iodide and hence had resale value. They were sold at Rs 40 a kg. Now, a physical print is made of polyster which gives you negligible return. Distributors advise exhibitors to destroy physical prints to prevent piracy.\" Digital cinema helps wider release by satellite transmission and curbs piracy by not allowing the content to be leaked as it is encrypted.Film - SinghamPhysical Prints - 423Digital Prints - 1207Total - 1630Film - BodyguardPhysical Prints - 585Digital Prints - 1479Total - 2064Film - DON 2Physical Prints - 478Digital Prints - 1970Total - 2448Ra.OneDigital 2517Physical 583Total 3100RockstarDigital 1636Physical 364Total 2,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668997", "title": "MBBS can't treat cancer, panel told", "text": "MUMBAI: An MBBS doctor can neither treat nor dispense medicines to a cancer patient, director of medical education P H Shringare and director of public health Suresh Gupta have told Aurangabad information commissioner D B Deshpande. TOI had reported on December 27 that, following an RTI appeal, the commissioner had summoned Shringare and Gupta on the issue.Shringare told the commissioner that MBBS doctors have not been taught about cancer drugs, cancer treatment and chemotherapy. Furthermore, only pharmacists registered under the Pharmacy Council Act, 1948, can dispense drugs to a cancer patient, he said.Gupta, while endorsing Shringare's view, said that only in a special circumstance can an MBBS doctor give a cancer patient preliminary treatment. \"Under the cancer prevention programme, we are imparting training to MBBS doctors for preliminary treatment of cancer patients. Once trained, they can treat a cancer patient, but only after the treatment protocol is prescribed by a cancer specialist.\"Showing how an MBBS doctor is unqualified to treat cancer, Shringare submitted to the commission, \"In the curriculum prescribed by the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences, an MBBS doctor is not taught administration of medicines to a cancer patient. In fact, it has been stated that principles of cancer treatment and their adverse drug reactions, individual agents and regimes need not be taught. Thus, an MBBS doctor does not have a comprehensive knowledge of medicines prescribed for treatment of cancer.\"On chemotherapy, Shringare said the subject is not included in the MBBS curriculum. \"An MBBS doctor can diagnose common clinical disorders and cancer is not a common clinical disorder. So it would be inappropriate for an MBBS doctor to administer chemotherapy,\" he said. On the basis of their submissions, Deshpande asked the chief secretary to draft comprehensive norms for dispensation and administration of medicines to cancer patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11670102", "title": "Big haul of drugs, liquor as electioneering ends in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As curtains came down on election campaigning for the assembly elections in Punjab on Saturday, the staggering haul of illicit liquor, drugs, narcotics and money during campaigning, has proved the chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi's worst fears true.The election commission's monitoring machine has intercepted 1.68 crore ml of illicit liquor and 6 lakh bottles of country liquor since the model code of conduct came into force till the time that campaigning ended. Unaccounted cash worth Rs 33 crore has been referred to the income tax department.It is not just liquor and money that has kept the election machinery on its toes, a big haul of 2,641 kg of poppy husk was confiscated till the last day of campaigning, over 10 kg of opium, besides 1.97 lakh kg of \"lahan.\"The entire drug haul is believed to be part of the 'largesse' being distributed by various candidates vying to get elected as legislators in Punjab. Drug dependence in the state is one of the hottest election issues in the state with most of the candidates publically vowing, during their campaigning, to uproot the evil from the social fabric of the state. About 70% of the households, as per a survey done by health authorities, are affected by the problem of addiction, be it liquor or drugs.Chief election commissioner, S Y Quraishi, had told TOI, immediately after elections were announced, that money, drugs and muscle power are the things Election Commission of India is keeping a sharp watch on, in the state.BoxThe 'haul' during the period model code of conduct was in forceCash seized -- Rs 33.16 crorePoppy husk - 2,641 kgIllicit liquor - 1.68 crore mlBottles of country liquor - 6 lakhOpium -10,820 gmHeroine - 2,461 gmSmack - 2,506 gmLahan - 1.97 lakh kgGanja - 1 kgPunjab Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668461", "title": "Two die of suffocation as garment shop catches fire", "text": "PUNE: A teenager and his friend were suffocated to death after a group of seven to eight men set a garment shop on fire at Gulabnagar in Dhankawdi on Friday night. Another youth is being treated at a private hospital for burn injuries.Shopkeepers of the area observed a bandh on Saturday to condemn the incident. The police have beefed up security in the area as a preventive measure. Three months back, 15 to 20 armed miscreants had gone on a rampage at Balajinagar in Dhankawdi, damaging vehicles after murdering a local mandal worker.On Friday night, Sapna Jain was in her shop 'Tortoise' at Sai Vihar Apartment, with her son Anish Jain, 19, his friends Sunny More, 18, and Swapnil More, 20. The suspects reached the spot around 10.30 pm when most shops had closed down. They entered Jain's shop and pulled the shutter down. They ransacked the shop and poured petrol on Sapna and the furniture.The suspects set the shop ablaze, came out and pulled the shutter down. Sapna managed to escape but Anish, Sunny and Swapnil got trapped inside. Anish hid in the changing room while Swapnil and Sunny rushed to the toilet to escape the fire. The fire brigade opened the shutter and took the three youths to the hospital.Anish was declared dead on arrival while Swapnil died during treatment on Saturday. Sunny is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Bhosari for about 20% burn injuries.Deputy commissioner of police (zone II) Raghunath Khaire said the incident was a direct fall out of a rivalry between two groups. He refused to give details of the groups, but said that several people have been rounded up for questioning. Besides, police teams have been fanned out.Fire brigade's assistant divisional officer Dattatraya Nagalkar said they reached the spot at 10.56 pm with three fire tenders. \"Huge fumes came out of the shop after people opened the shutter. The fire was doused in five minutes and Anish, Sunny and Swapnil were taken out and rushed to a nearby private hospital,\" Nagalkar said.Sapna has lodged a complaint against Sachin Gholap and others. The police booked Gholap on charges of murder, attempted murder and rioting under sections of the Indian Penal Code, Bombay Police Act and Arms Act. Gholap, who is absconding, is a suspect in a murder case.Senior police inspector Mahadev Gawde of the Sahakarnagar police station told TOI that the police had in October 2011 registered complaints against Anish for allegedly ransacking shops and taking out procession without seeking permission. Gawde said the suspects did not attack anybody nor did they steal cash.Umesh Nalawde, who has a shop in the area, said the suspects were in the age group of 20 and 25 years and had their faces covered. The shopkeepers have demanded round-the-clock patrolling in the area.Member of Parliament Supriya Sule visited the spot and later spoke to media persons. \"I have requested police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar to personally look into the matter and arrest the suspects at the earliest. I also asked her to start a police chowkey in the area and increase patrolling,\" Sule said.\"We want zero tolerance in the area. I have also spoken to the home minister R R Patil to allot land for starting a police station here since the population of Dhankawdi has increased dramatically in the last few years,\" she said.Anish Jain's relative, Sanjay Jain, refused to comment when TOI visited his house at Pratibhanagar in Dhankawdi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11673038", "title": "Care for dull hair during winter", "text": "Dry hair looks dull, lifeless. To make your hair look gorgeous, full of life one needs to keep good care of it and keep it clean always.\"Clean scalp is the key of lustrous hair,\" said Javed Habib. One should apply a cream conditioner with moisturizing oils such as olive and almond oils to make the hair soft.Always use a wide tooth comb to untangle your hair. To make hair smooth as silk use a nourishing and extra moisturizing hair mask at least once a week; leave it in your hair for a long time so that the product penetrates more. Then wash it off with a mild shampoo. To avoid sun exposition use caps, hats or scarves.Try not to use a dryer. If you use a dryer, do it with the lowest temperature, and when you brush it, do it carefully so that your hair doesn't break. Try to avoid straighteners as much as possible.Also avoid dyes. If you have to use hair dyes then go for one which are without ammonia or with natural pigments. Always opt for a haircut as natural as possible that could dry easily or you can even brush it with your fingers. \"Don't try to copy film stars while you go for a hair cut. A hair cut should depend on your personality and hair texture,\" said Papiya, a hair stylist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11675723", "title": "Indian martial tunes flavour Beating Retreat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lilting martial tunes and massed pipes and drum bands reverberated the air while the majestic Raisina Hills was lit up as part of the Beating Retreat ceremony here today, marking the end of Republic Day celebrations.Rendition of 'Vandemataram' in a fusion of western and Indian classical style titled 'Renaissance' was the highlight of the ceremony while tabla and shehnai made their maiden entry into the function held at the historic Vijay Chowk.The ceremony saw 35 bands from three armed services in their colourful ensembles playing tunes like 'Sare Jahan se Achha' penned by Iqbal and 'Abide with Me', the eternally enchanting hymn which was a favourite tune of Mahatma Gandhi .Indian tunes were the flavour of the ceremony this year as 14 of the 27 performances have been composed by Indian musicians while just seven popular tunes by foreigners were retained, interspersed five times with 'Fanfare', a collage by buglers, and 'Drummers Call', a traditional performance by drummers.President Pratibha Patil , Vice President Hamid Ansari and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh attended the ceremony that saw military bands, pipes and drums bands and bands of Navy and Air Force enchanting the audience.UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , senior BJP leader L K Advani, Defence Minister A K Antony, HRD Minister Kapil Sibal , Minister of State for Defence M Pallam Raju and Planning Commission Deputy Chairperson Montek Singh Ahluwalia were among those present on the occasion.Patil, the chief guest of the function and supreme commander of the armed forces, came from Rashtrapati Bhawan preceded by mounted president's bodyguards at Vijay Chowk, where her arrival was sounded by 14 trumpeters, 32 buglers and 14 echo buglers followed by playing of national anthem and a tune 'Parameshwar', composed by Captain Mahendra Das NK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11669570", "title": "Omar against web censorship", "text": "KOLKATA: Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah on Saturday came out in support of internet giants like Google and Facebook saying it's impossible to censor everything on the web.\"I don't agree with this whole thing about Google and Facebook being called to censor everything. I think it's not possible. I think internet is too far away from us to expect to censor it,\" Abdullah said.Pointing out that he is a victim of \"mindless abuse\" by anonymous people on his Twitter account, he advocated self-regulation in the social media.The CM was participating in a discussion at the Kolkata Literary Meet.\"Some amount of self-regulation is needed in the social media where you get the worst kind of abuses by anonymous people,\" said the National Conference leader.Google and Facebook are among 21 companies whose executives have been summoned to appear in person at a court in Delhi on March 13 for hosting allegedly obscene and objectionable content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11669428", "title": "Another entrance for the Ajmer dargah", "text": "AJMER: A new silver carved gate is added to the entrance of the famed dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishty here on Saturday. The new gate will facilitate a large number of devotees rushing everyday to worship inside.With the new addition, three of the five gates for the crypt of Garib Nawaj will be used as both entrance and exit to manage the crowd.\"It was a regular complaint of the pilgrims that they had to wait in long queues to get inside for worship. We then decided to construct a new gate,\" said Wahid Hussein, secretary of of Anjuman committee which maintains the dargah.Mostly the young khadims - priests in the dargah - came forward to donate to construct new gate for devotees. \"Everyone according to the position donated to constructed the gate which has carving of silver both inside and outside,\" said Jaan Mohammed, a member of the committee.Since the last five years, there was a demand for a new entrance to the crypt so as to control the crowd rush. \"I wrote to the committee two years ago to have a new gate and now today it is ready,\" said Kutubddin Sakhi, another member of the committee. The gate is constructed near 'jannati darwaja' to facilitate easy entrance inside the crypt.The inauguration programme of the gate was presided by veteran khadim Mujafar Hussein Aghi.Around 15,000 to 18,000 pilgrims come to the dargah everyday and during the annual seven-day urs, about four lakh devotees pour into the worshipping place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11670541", "title": "Karnataka coast immune to 9/11-like infiltration: CM", "text": "MANGALORE: Determined not to allow its coastal shoreline to be used as infiltration point into Karnataka, the state government has sought assistance from the Centre to step up vigil along the coast and prevent recurrence of a 9/11-type attack. State's wish-list to the Centre includes four new Coastal Security Police stations, 31 check-posts along the coastal sea route and two helicopters for aerial reconnaissance of the coast.Asserting preparedness of Karnataka State Police to thwart any 9/11-type attack, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda said: \"Karnataka has paid utmost importance to coastal security and all the advisories of the Centre is being adhered to.\" Karnataka is the most-successful state in terms of its response to directives from the Union government in putting in a security apparatus that will ensure that anti-social elements do not use the sea route to infiltrate, he said.Inaugurating the new office building of police commissioner of Mangalore City Police here on Saturday, the CM said the state government has received positive feelers from the Centre on its request for additional CSP police stations and helicopters. \"The coastal part of the state attracts large number of students to educational institutions, and tourists to various religious places. It is important to ensure security here,\" the CM observed.Lauding the state police for containing challenges posed by Left-wing extremists operating in Malnad and Western Ghats areas, the CM said government will provide necessary facilities to policemen engaged in combating Naxalites. \"The government will provide better housing facilities to policemen through Police Housing Corporation, and thrust will be given to the same in the budget,\" he added.DGP Shankar M Bidari said the government has realized the potential of Mangalore to emerge as the next financial hub of the country after Mumbai, \"and hence the decision to give people of the city well-equipped police force\". There are no financial constraints in upgrading facilities to the state police, Bidari said, adding the security needs of Karnataka in general, and the coastal districts in particular, will be met through men, material and other resources. Referring to governor's Republic Day address on law and order situation in the state, home minister R Ashoka said the state is far ahead in maintenance of law and order. \"Compared to 28-30 instances of communal riots each year that Karnataka witnessed prior to our government coming to power, the state now sees 7-8 such incidents,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11668898", "title": "Offences by servants on the rise in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Welcome to the world of Lakshmi. She makes food, does laundry, keeps the apartment clean and snags a bargain in the vegetable market for you. This woman -- our own version of Nanny McPhee -- is rare and precious.This picture-perfect story, however, has a catch. Offences committed by servants have seen a 30% rise in a single year in city. When 79 cases were reported in 2010, it rose to 101 in 2011. \"It is better to know the background of the person one employs,\" says commissioner of police, J K Tripathy. \"A thorough credential check will reduce the risk factor and also keep the police apprised,\" he says.Many nuclear families have double-income parents. And a maid becomes essential to do the chores, take care of children or nurse the elderly. Yet, a majority of the families shy away from getting police do a background check. Most families hire servants based on track record. \"My maid has been working at my landlord's place for almost 20 years. Even though we may not be satisfied with the quality of work, we retain her because of the reliable reference she holds,\" says Jyotsna Biswas, who works at an engineering firm.A more pressing issue is that most servants get offended by police checks. \"They often take it as a lack of trust on our part. Most of them feel they will be defamed. If they have a solid reference from previous employer, it becomes an unnecessary hassle to get the credentials checked,\" says Jyotsna.The commissioner plans to impress on the various agencies that provide servants the importance of getting a police referral. \"This advisory is for the benefit of the citizens. Families must take up the initiative to double check references, even from the agencies. As a precaution, employers must retain a copy of some form of identification,\" says the commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11668995", "title": "Tuki orders stern action against bandh enforcers", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has taken strong exception to the bandh called by the All Arunachal Pradesh Youth Forum (AAPYF) on January 30 and termed their demands 'unethical and irrelevant'.The organization has called a 12-hour capital bandh in protest against the government's failure to fulfill its demands within the stipulated time frame.\"The first demand of the organization, which was construction of a national highway to link all three Siang districts, has already been covered under the PM's package announced on January 31, 2008; the project will be implemented under the two-lane Trans-Arunachal Highway,\" Tuki said in a statement.Referring to AAPYF's second demand for connecting unconnected circle headquarters, the chief minister informed that several representations and memorandums have been submitted to the Centre on the matter. The proposals are under process and are positively being considered by the Centre.\"No payment can be kept pending when a work is completed within schedule and to the satisfaction of the prescribed guidelines,\" the CM said on the issue of pending bills raised by the organization.While ordering stern action against the bandh callers, Tuki issued specific directives to the police and the district administration to deal with the miscreants with an iron fist as per law of the land.Expressing doubts of vested interests and political reasons behind the bandh call, he said, \"It is pure blackmail. No organization can be allowed to dictate the administration, disbalance the social fabric and take the law in their hands,\" Tuki said and appealed to people to voluntarily boycott such bandhs called for trivial issues and with mala fide intentions.Meanwhile, Capital Complex DC-cum-district magistrate Onit Panyang, vide an executive order today, declared the 12-hour capital bandh call illegal and directed AAPYF to desist from calling and enforcing the proposed bandh.The DM cautioned that violations of his order would not be tolerated and penal action would be taken as per the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11677706", "title": "Tourists prefer clothes with imprint of Kashi", "text": "VARANASI: \"Clad yourself in a T-shirt with an image of ghats of Varanasi and put a Ramnami shawl around your neck. You can then experience the real feeling of being in the city wholeheartedly,\" believes Denis, a tourist from France visiting Bengali Tola area of the city.While taking a stroll in the serpentine lanes near giant ghats of the city, one can notice several backpackers, tourists, artists, students of foreign diaspora enjoying shopping for the T-shirts, shawls, bottoms, jackets, and kurtis with images of ghats, river, and Hindu gods and goddess printed on them. Another tourist, Klin from Mexico, says \"these clothes look more fashionable and trendy. They are comfortable and at the same time cheap too.\" However, for Steve from Denmark, who is learning classical music in the city, the clothes with these images are aesthetically more significant and can be used during meditation.According to Deepu, a trader of such clothes on Dasaswamedh Ghat, these clothes have come in trend for the past 6-7 years. Earlier, tourists had the option of mingling with the city's culture by buying kurta-pajama, sarees and salwar kameez. If the shopkeepers are to be believed, more than 300 small and big shops have mushroomed in the narrow lanes of Vishwanath Gullie, Bengali Tola, Sonarpura and the lanes adjacent to prominent ghats like Dasaswamedh, Panchganga, Mansarovar, Shivala, Pandey Ghat, Kedar Ghat and Asi.Most of these shops are visited only by tourists. According to Manish, a shopkeeper in Sonarpura area, the tourists staying at lodges and hotels in the narrow lanes are mostly backpackers carrying a thin wallet with them. \"For these backpackers, T-shirts, bottoms and kurtis cost less money and are easier to carry and suffice the need for the entire journey. This being the reason of sprouting many such shops in the city, especially near ghats and narrow lanes,\" says Manish. Notably, these clothes are prepared in the city itself and have employed a number of people who are engaged from tailoring to printing.As many as 500 tailors from Gaai Ghat, Chowk, Ram Ghat, Godowlia, prepare the T-shirts and other attires which are purchased by shopkeepers and then goes to artists who dye the clothes in different colours and print images of Varanasi, deities and holy inscriptions with the help of block painting. According to Vijay Bajpai, these clothes specially manufactured for tourists in the city are more popular overseas. \"Ramnami shawls with an exclusive and rare production are already in demand all over the world for religious point of view, the T-shirts and kurtis with images of Hindu deities are also getting popular and exported to France, England, Germany, Mexico, United States, Japan, Spain and many other countries depending on the arrival of the tourists and order placed by them,\" added Bajapi.According to Bajpai, roughly over 2 lakh pieces of these clothe are exported from the city to foreign countries in a single month. According to Uday, another seller of clothes for foreigners in Bengali Tola area, nearly 70% of the foreigners wear these clothes for fashion rather than any devotional significance. \"For them, these clothes are just like tattoos which mingle them with the culture, rituals and tradition of the city,\" says Uday. According to him, the trend of printing images of gods and goddess is also visible on various other accessories like handbags and wallets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11670911", "title": "RSS route march pulls crowds", "text": "HUBLI: Over 25,000 RSS volunteers participated in the route march organized in Hubli on Saturday as part of the ongoing Hindu Shakti Sangam.The volunteers in Ganavesha, beating drums, caught the imagination of people, who watched the march standing on buildings, hotels, houses, on a shiny evening. Route march was held in three groups, one that began from Ambedkar ground in old Hubli, another from Gangadhar Hockey ground in Settlement area and the third group from Ambedkar circle near railway station and fourth group in Dharwad.People burst crackers on the road near the corporation and cheered the volunteers by clapping, shouting slogans, holding the RSS Bhagwa dhwaja in their hands and pouring flowers from top of the buildings.In Dharwad, the march began from the K E Board's ground near Savadatti road at 4.45pm and culminated at R N Shetty stadium at 5.45pm. The volunteers marched through Regal circle, Gandhi Chowk, Bhusappa Chowk, Tikare road, Azad Road and Alur Venkatrao circle before reaching the stadium. Thousands of onlookers from either side of the road greeted the volunteers and showered flowers on them shouting slogans hailing Bharat Mata. The RSS band sets added fervor to the event which passed off peacefully. Large number of policemen were present.State BJP president K S Eshwarappa, ministers Jagadish Shettar, Visveshwar Hegde Kageri, MP Ananthkumar, MP Prahlad Joshi and others were present at the Nehru ground in Ganavesha. Around 150 busses were arranged for shifting RSS swayamsevaks from Nehru ground to Vijayanagar at Tarihala bypass road.Traffic jamsHubli witnessed traffic jams and slow moving traffic in several places including Durgad bail, Basavavana, Neeligin road, Lamington road and old Hubli areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11669842", "title": "CB to handle jeweller's case", "text": "NAGPUR: City crime branch is likely to handle jeweller Pravin Jhungade's case, where he was shot by robbers at Garoba Maidan on Friday evening. 39-year-old Jhungade had sustained two bullet injuries from the country-made pistol.Though doctors have successfully removed the bullets, he is still stated to be in critical condition. However, to protest attack on Jhugade, Sarafa bazar jewellers had protested on Saturday morning by closing their shops.City police chief, Ankush Dhanvijay assured the jewellers of quick action in the case. Apart from Nandanwan police, he also ordered CB to investigate the case.A team of six doctors operated Jhungade on Saturday. \"One bullet was removed from lung, while the other which had pierced the vertebra was also removed. Though he is doing well, he is still not stated stable,\" said Dr RG Chandak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "11672472", "title": "India ready for any challenge: AK Singh", "text": "MADIKERI: India is ready to face any challenge, said southern commander in chief of army Ajay Kumar Singh here. He was addressing the gathering at late Field Marshal Cariappa's 113th birthday celebrations here on Saturday.Singh asked citizens to be alert of security threats to the country. Singh said that Kodavas are synonymous with the Indian Army. A K Singh also announced the establishment of a new ex-servicemen contributory health scheme to South Kodagu in addition to the running centre in Madikeri; ugradation schemes for army canteen and Rs 45 lakh as initial amount for this. He contributed Rs one lakh to Madikeri ECHS and Rs 2 lakh to the Cariappa forum.Cariappa's son Nanda Cariappa said that his father is honoured not just by the by the Kodavas, but by the entire country.B A Cariappa, former servicemen society president presented a traditional \" Odikathi\" to A K Singh. An Army helicopter showered flowers on the statue of Cariappa at Sudarshan Circle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668440", "title": "Senior cops transferred", "text": "PUNE: Senior police inspector Mahadev Gawde and inspector (crime) Faruk Kazi were shunted out of the Sahakarnagar police station after two back to back incidents of group clashes in Dhankawdi area in three months' time.On Friday night, a ladies garment shop in Gulabnagar was set on fire by a group of eight which resulted in the death of two and left one with burns.Police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar on Saturday transferred Gawde to traffic branch and Kazi to the special branch for allegedly failing to control crime in Sahakarnagar.Borwankar has directed senior police inspector Kamlakar Takawale of the crime branch, Pune, to take charge from Gawde while inspector Rajendra Todkar of the special branch will replace Kazi with immediate effect. Additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde confirmed the transfers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669602", "title": "Tulsiram was with Sohrab, CBI tells SC in affidavit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CBI has told the Supreme Court that it has evidence to show that Tulsiram Prajapati was the third person travelling with Sohrabuddin Sheikh and his wife Kauserbi when they were abducted by Gujarat police officials near Sangli in Maharashtra in 2005.The probe agency filed an affidavit in the court on Friday asking for a two-month extension. It had asked for its first extension in October last year, which ended on Saturday. In the affidavit, the officials also claimed to have statements from seven people recorded before a magistrate, all of whom confirm that Tulsiram was the third person in the group.The Gujarat police has been claiming that Tulsiram was not with Sohrabuddin in 2005 and that they don't know the identity of the third person. In 2007, the CID (crime) officials had said that a former Naxal-turned-police informer Nayeemuddin alias Kalimuddin had been travelling with Sohrabuddin when he was abducted, and not Tulsiram. The state police also claimed later that Nayeemuddin is an accused in the assassination of former Gujarat minister Haren Pandya.The Supreme Court had handed over investigation into the Sohrabuddin case to the CBI in April 2010. The agency is asking for an extension for the second time. In the last nine months, its officials have not arrested anyone in the case.In the latest affidavit, CBI officials claim to have got call details of both the Gujarat cops and Tulsiram while they were returning from Maharashtra to Gujarat in 2005 after abducting Sohrabuddin. The CBI officials believe this is a crucial piece of evidence to prove that the cops had gone to the neighbouring state. The accused cops, including IPS officer Rajkumar Pandian, N H Dabhi and others claim they had never gone to Maharashtra.\"The call records will also help us ascertain if cops from Andhra Pradesh were with their Gujarat counterparts when Sohrabuddin and Kauserbi were abducted,\" a CBI official said.Sohrabuddin was killed in a fake encounter on November 26, 2005, and Tulsiram was killed in a similar fashion on December 28, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11675876", "title": "Antrix-Devas deal: Govt ready to hear views of four scientists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Sunday said it is ready to hear the points of view of four scientists, including former ISRO chief Madhavan Nair, who have been barred from occupying any government posts in connection with the controversial Antrix-Devas deal.\"We are ready to hear their points of view. Let them give their views\", minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy said.Asked whether there was any move to revoke the decision, he said, \"How can I say that now. Let them give their points of view first.\"The government would consider the version of the scientists, he said.The government had earlier this month barred Nair and three other senior space scientists from all current and future government jobs for their alleged role in Antrix Corporation's deal with Devas Multimedia for leasing out bulk transponders on two satellites for launch of digital multimedia services. The contract related to allocation of scarce S-band space segment to private firm Devas.Taking serious exception to the move, Prof CNR Rao, Head of the Scientific Advisory Council to the Prime Minister, had on Saturday said Nair and three fellow space scientists were \"thrown out like garbage\".Rao had targeted Narayanasamy for his reported comments that the government decision was taken to send a strong message to the scientific community that no wrongdoing would be tolerated.Earlier, reacting to the decision, 68-year-old Nair had hit back at the government for taking action \"in violation of principles of natural justice and tarnishing the image of reputed people like him.\"He has also attacked the incumbent ISRO chief K Radhakrishnan, saying that he had misled the government on the issue.Radhakrishnan has reportedly remained unfazed by his Nair's outbursts against him and has chosen not to react.The deal was signed during the tenure of Nair as the chairman of ISRO. Nair was also the person behind India's maiden moon mission Chandrayan-I.The government had taken action after considering a report of the high powered committee (HPC) that went into the Devas deal and that of another panel which examined the HPC report.The Prime Minister had on May 31, last year constituted a five-member high-level team under the chairmanship of former Central Vigilance Commissioner Pratyush Sinha to examine aspects of the agreement between Antrix and Devas.Following the order, Madhavan Nair has stepped down as Chairman of the Board of Governors of IIT-Patna.On whether he is planning to move the court against the government order, Nair had said that he has filed an application under the RTI Act to get a copies of the order and reports of the B K Chaturvedi Committee on the Antrix-Devas deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11669998", "title": "Basant Panchami celebrated peacefully in Dhar", "text": "INDORE: Amid tension at 'Bhojshala,' Basant Panchami festival celebrations passed off peacefully in Dhar district of Madhya Pradesh on Saturday. Civil and police administration heaved a sigh of relief after the procession was taken out from Lal Bagh to Bhojshala without any untoward incident. However, Cops claimed to have arrested 12 youth while they were taking out procession raising slogans. In all, more than 60 activists of the samiti have been arrested in last couple of days, while their president Naval Kishore Sharma is on fast at the MY Hospital in Indore. Earlier, he was forcibly lifted from Dhar while he was on fast in support of palki yatra and bringing back the statue of Wagdevi from UK museum.Though the district administration allowed the traditional Basant Panchamim procession in which the Janata party President Subramanian Swamy participated, the proposed 'palki yatra' by Saraswati Janmotsav Samiti was not allowed keeping in mind the law and order situation.Addressing the gathering at Bhojshala, he assured people that he would make all possible efforts to bring back the statute of Wagdevi and place it in the temple.\"I will move the court against the UK government,\" he said adding that before doing so he would make all possible efforts to hold fruitful talks with the UK government representatives on bringing back the statue of Wagdevi. He said that he would also hold talks with the Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and procure permission before leaving for the UK sometime in April.Meanwhile, the district administration and police said that they were leaving no stone unturned to ensure that the peace in the area was not disturbed.\"Heavy security force has been deployed in the sensitive areas in Dhar,\" Superintendent of Police S Saxena said adding that the district administration has also sought help from Rapid Action Force (RAF) in maintaining law and order.\"The traditional procession was taken out peacefully by the devotees,\" pointed out the SP. Proposed palki yatra was not be allowed as the district administration had already denied permission for proposed Kanyabhoj on January 29. The decision has been taken to maintain peace in the city.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11669678", "title": "Musical evening to mark Basant Utsav - 2011", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh Basant Utsav 2012 is being organized by the Environment Society of India in support with department of tourism, Chandigarh administration from January 27 to 29.On the concluding day of the Basant Utsav there will a musical evening at Leisure Valley. The special attraction of the evening will also be performance by Amitabh Bachchan's duplicate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11670075", "title": "Chinese goods strip hosiery industry of profits", "text": "LUDHIANA: Hosiery industry here is in a spin over \"Chinese apparel arriving through illegal channels\", which is eating away into its profits. People connected with the industry, which has earned Ludhiana the title of \"Manchester of India\", say smuggled Chinese garments are cheaper as their suppliers avoid paying customs or excise duty.Sudershan Jain, president of Knitwear and Apparel Manufacturers Association of Ludhiana, said, \"As per our estimates, Chinese garments control 60% of local retail market.\"Jain added they would ask local MP Manish Tiwari to take up the issue with Centre.The illegal inflow of goods from China is badly affecting Ludhiana's knitwear industry, which manufactures around 90% of the woollens in the country. It is estimated that the Ludhiana hosiery industry has an annual turnover of Rs 8,000 crore and Rs 1,500 crore of those are generated through export.\"Due to economic slowdown in Europe, China wants to sell its goods in India at throwaway prices. Owners of over 10,000 knitwear units in Ludhiana are having a tough time because of this,\" Jain said. He added the industry directly or indirectly employed around 3 lakh people.Sources said smugglers took advantage of easy-to-cross India-Nepal border to bring their products to India as there were some routes there that did not have presence of customs.MP Tiwari said, \"I will raise the issue in Parliament during budget session. At the same time, industrialists should make efforts to stop this by adopting an anti-dumping mechanism in collaboration with Union ministry of commerce.\"Manufacturers of sewing machines in the city are also having a tough time because of Chinese imports. President of Knitwear Club, Vinod Thapar, said, \"In this industry, smuggling is not the issue. Sewing machines manufactured by Japanese companies in China are attracting local workers in spite of their high prices as their quality is superior. If government does not help, our sewing machine industry won't be able to sustain itself.\"Jain said government should introduce goods and services tax, as at the moment they are forced to pay \"double tax\" in the form of central excise tax and value added tax leading high prices of products. \"A decision on the issue would be taken by Union government. But we are also seeking support from local leaders, who come for our votes, to raise the matter with the Centre,\" Jain added.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11667990", "title": "PCMC to spend Rs one crore on two more FOBs", "text": "PUNE: Pedestrians foot overbridges (FOBs) built across the highway stretch in Pimpri-Chinchwad limits hardly find any users. Even so, the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has planned two bridges at Chinchwad and Nigdi at a cost of Rs one crore.The 12-km highway stretch in Pimpri Chinchwad, between Nigdi and Dapodi has been widened to 61 metres and has eight lanes for traffic.For pedestrians, the civic body has built two FOBs, and a few underpasses, and subways. There are two small bridges across the highway - one near the PCMC's main building and the other at Chinchwad station.The two FOBs at Kharalwadi and Vallabhnagar are hardly used by citizens who complain that it is difficult for children, women and elders to use them. Instead, people cross the highway by jumping from the medians.Neha Shinde from Pimpri said, \"The FOBs at Vallabhnagar and Kharalwadi are as high as three floors. Senior citizens find it difficult to climb.\"Amit Vartak from Chinchwad said, \"The FOBs at Pimpri and Chinchwad are not of much use as one has to cross the traffic on the service road to reach it and cross the concrete lanes and again cross the traffic on the service road to reach the other side of the highway.\"\"So these FOBs should be extended on both sides to reach the ends of the highway,\" he added.Chandmal Parmar, traffic expert and member of traffic mobility committee, PCMC said, \"I am against the construction of the FOBs for pedestrians as only 5 to 10 % people use them. They are for display of advertisements and not built for the benefit of the pedestrians. Subways should be built for pedestrians to cross the roads.\"He added, \"They should not be more than five to six feet deep as people do not like to climb too many steps. So the height of the road above the subway should be increased by two to three feet above ground level.\"Stalls or shopping centres should be allowed to remain open in the subway from 7 am to 9 pm to improve the security of the pedestrians using the subway, he added.The new FOBs will be constructed in about nine months once the work order is given after the municipal elections are over.While the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is building elevators to the FOBs for senior citizens, women and children, those in Pimpri Chinchwad will not have any such provision.\"There is no proposal to have elevators. But we may consider it in future,\" an official said.The flyover at Nashik Phata chowk will be completed in 2013. The FOB will be constructed near Kasarwadi railway station before the flyover is completed to help pedestrians cross the highway.Bus passengers will use the FOBs to cross the highway once the civic body starts the Bus Rapid Transit service as the bus stops and shelters are located close by.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11668827", "title": "No Congress tickets for past rebels", "text": "The Congress has decided not to offer tickets to persons who had worked against the party's official candidate during the last assembly polls and parliamentary elections. Also, people who contested the 2007 BMC polls as rebel candidates are out of contention. It was also decided not to nominate a woman candidate from an open seat. Candidates from backward classes will not be nominated from open wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11668387", "title": "IRCTC to set up fourmore Rail Neer plants", "text": "PATNA: Unable to cope with increasing demand for mineral water, marketed under the brand name 'Rail Neer', across the country, Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has decided to set up four new plants at different places in the country to augment production and supply of packaged drinking water on running trains as well as on railway platforms.According to an IRCTC official, railways is at present having three 'Rail Neer' plants located at Nangloi (Delhi), Khagaul (Patna) and Palur (Chennai). These plants have the capacity to produce about 3.30 lakh bottles per day. Keeping in view the increasing number of long-distance trains and pantry cars, railways has decided to set up four new plants to meet the growing demand of clean and hygienic drinking water, he said. The official said one plant each would be set up at Ambernath (Mumbai), Delhi, Hyderabad and Nagpur.The Ambernath plant would have an installed capacity of two lakh bottles per day and would be made functional in the 2013-2014 fiscal, he said, adding this plant would fulfil the needs of western India. The Delhi plant would have a capacity of about three to four lakh bottles per day. It will also have facility to manufacture 500/250ml bottles, 20 litre jars and regular one litre bottles.Railways intends to push sale of 'Rail Neer' in the non-railway market as well, sources said. A senior IRCTC official said that the IRCTC was keen to set up two plants, one each at Hyderabad and Nagpur, on public private partnership (PPP) basis. The details are being worked out, he said.According to sources, the three existing 'Rail Neer' plants of IRCTC have state-of-the-art technology. \"Being fully automatic, there is no human touch with water in course of filling and packaging. Thus, the purity of water is fully maintained,\" an IRCTC official said.Meanwhile, the Khagaul-based 'Rail Neer' plant, which was set up in 2004 at the initiative of the then railway minister and present Bihar CM Nitish Kumar , has been supplying water bottles to Bhubaneswar, Kolkata, Guwahati, Sonepur and Kanpur in UP, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11670031", "title": "Drug peddler gets capital punishment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what could serve as a deterrent against the use and trade of Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS), Chandigarh district court on Saturday handed out death penalty to a drug dealer, Paramjit Singh of Amritsar.Special judge, NDPS, Shalini Singh Nagpal awarded death sentence to Paramjit after holding him guilty under Section 20 (C) read with Section 31 (A) of the NDPS Act.Section 31 A of the Act prescribes death sentence if a person is convicted for the second time for \"engaging in production, manufacture, possession, transportation, import and export of narcotic drugs or psychotropic substances\".Court has also handed down 15-year jail term to Festus Benson of Republic of Burundi . Benson has also been directed to pay a fine of Rs 1.5 lakh.Singh and Benson were arrested during the tenure of controversial IPS officer Saji Mohan on November 30, 2007. The duo, when arrested near Grain Market, Chandigarh, by Narcotics Control Bureau, was possessing 10kg heroin.Paramjit was earlier caught with one kg heroine in 2003. At the time of his arrest by the NCB Chandigarh in 2007, he was on parole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11672498", "title": "Youths booked for rape", "text": "MYSORE: Railway Police on Saturday registered a case against two youths, including an employee attached to the South Western Railway, Mysore division, on rape charges.Railway Police swung into action following a complaint by two girls, who were found with the youths inside a coach in Chamarajanagar-bound train from Mysore, on Friday.The girls, who are in their early 20s, have accused Arunachal, a gatekeeper with the Railways and Santhosh of harassing them physically in a moving train.According to sources, Santhosh runs a milk parlour on the premises.Police have booked the accused under IPC Section 376 and produced them before a court. They have been remanded to judicial custody.Woman found murderedA 24-year-old homemaker was found murdered at her residence in Kankadasanagar on Friday.Roopa's hands and legs were tied, but there were no external injuries on her body.According to police, the culprits might have smothered her to death. Roopa's husband Krishnaiaha, a deed writer, was not at home when the incident happened.Roopa's father Raju has filed a complaint at Kuvempunagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11669652", "title": "Aspiring poll candidate tonsures head for ticket", "text": "NASHIK: Deepak Doke, an aspiring candidate for the upcoming Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) polls and a member of the Republican Party of India (RPI), shaved his head on Saturday morning as a mark of protest for not being assured a ticket by his party. Doke, 24, wants a ticket from ward 25 (formerly 60, 44 and 59) but it has been the ward of former mayor Vinayak Pande. Besides, Pande's wife Anita Pande had also won from the constituency in the last election. Vinayak Pande is a likely candidate of the Shiv Sena from this ward.\"I am capable and young; I have the manpower but not the money. All minority community members, who actually form a majority in this ward, are with me. My party is still trying to get a ticket for me, but Vinayak Pande is likely to bag the constituency. So I am going to file Independent nomination,\" said Doke. He said that the district chief of his party, Prakash Londhe, city chief Pavan Kshirsagar and national chief Ramdas Athavale had taught him to take a stand against injustice.\"Today, nearly 600 people came to bless me when I was shaving my head, without my informing them. I own a small photo studio and come from a very low income group; I am not in a position to spend money. But I have always indulged in social work. Healthcare is a major issue and I have always worked for it,\" he said. He said he won't go to any other party but will fight independently, following Athavale's principles. \"My party is supporting me even today but I can see the inevitable. My supporters said they will go door to door to collect funds for my election,\" he said.When contacted, Prakash Londhe said that the coalition had just been finalized and that the decision over the seats would take some days. \"I have asked for ward no. 25. We expect at least 25 seats after the Sena-BJP alliance has broken. We have 10-12 seats now. Ward 25 is Vinayak and Anita Pande's stronghold but Doke is sincere, enthusiastic and genuine, so I am asking for that seat. We have a tie on many seats, like ward 50 in Satpur, wards 51 and 52 in Cidco and 57 and 58 in the Nashik Road area. But the decision has yet to be taken.Let us see what we get. After all, I have to run the party and Shiv Sena is our old ally. They respect us,\" he said.Londhe said that the talks are still at the primary stage and that it was too early to say anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11669715", "title": "Another snag in road widening of highway", "text": "NASHIK: The widening of the Mumbai-Agra national highway (NH3) in the city has struck hit a road block with the work being stalled at Pathardi Phata. For the past four months the work of widening of the highway towards Mumbai from Pathardi Phata has been stopped following the continuous flow of industrial effluents from the industrial area of Satpur.Consequently, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has not been able to carry out the work of constructing the ramp wall for the flyover at Pathardi Phata and take the road widening work further.Sources from Larsen&Toubro; (L&T;), the company that is which is widening the highway on the stretch from between Gonde to Pimpalgaon, informed that the work had has now completely stopped. It is technically Technically it is impossible to construct the ramp wall for the Pathardi Phata flyover, they said, as just a little further from Hotel Taj to nearly 200 meters ahead, there is a continuous flow of industrial waste water, about 200 meters from Hotel Taj, sources said. They source added that L&T; has We have been following up on the issue with the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC), but in vain.On being asked if there was a solution to the problem, the source can be a solution to this, sources from L&T; said that currently things were not in their control. and in caseIf they did try tried to block the flow of the waste water by pouring concrete on it, the same, it could turn out to be a health hazard.Sources said that before the road widening work, the waste water was percolating into the ground, only affecting the ground water. But a pond has been had formed ever since the area had been was has been dug for the road- wideningpurposeHowever, President of Ambad Industries and Manufacturers'Association (AIMA) Dnyaneshwar Gopale said that there was a sewage line laid by the industries. However, during the process of creating lanes for the highway six laning of the highway, the pipeline got had apparently broken because of which and the water was now is spilling out coming on to the road. Gopale said that this line had been was laid by industrialists through their personal contribution. \"In case there is an issue, NHAI can anytime approach us. Asolution can be sought through a meeting,\" he said. Meanwhile, NHAI has written a letter to MIDC saying that it cannot take up the work on the Mumbai-side approach-work because of the waste water problemon the highway, forming a pool of water on the highway sideThe NHAI, further has also cautioned that if necessary action was is not taken, in that case, the flow could can be closed down by pouring concrete, which would may only result in a filthy atmosphere for the surrounding areas.Since October 2010, the work of widening the highway between Gonde to Pimpalgaon (which is 60 km) had has got underway in October 2010. The work had been slated was originally for supposed to begin inJanuary 2010, but it actually started 10 months later due to objections raised by NGO's over the \"hacking\" of trees to widen the road. The NHAI was supposed to have completed the work by June 2012, however, according to the revised deadline, the work is now expected to be complete by 2012.By this time NHAI also has to get a land of approximately k10m by 10m to erect a tower for a power line near Pathardi Junction within the same timeline. SimilarlyAt Lekhanagar too, there is a demand that the power lines across the flyover be laid underground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11668909", "title": "Two college students die as car plunges into canal", "text": "CHENNAI: Two students of an engineering college in the suburbs who were travelling to Kattankulathur, 45 km from Chennai, died after their car plunged into a sewage canal near Guduvanchery, 35 km from Chennai, early on Saturday.Police said J Joseph George (20) and S Akash (20), natives of Kerala, were not able to open the door after it fell into the canal at Vallan Chery, 2km from Guduvanchery, on the Grand Southern Trunk (GST) Road between 2am and 3am. No one noticed the accident immediately. Akash and Joseph George, third year engineering students of a private college near Chennai, lived in Urapakkam near Tambaram.Police said the Maruti Swift with Akash behind the wheel was crossing a causeway at Vallan Chery when Akash apparently lost control and the vehicle plunged into the canal. The car overturned and the duo didn't attempt to open the car door, police said after talking to local residents.Police, alerted by residents of surrounding villages rushed to the accident spot where fire and rescue services personnel pulled the car out of the canal. The bodies of the two students were sent to a nearby government hospital for autopsy.After an examination, doctors said the two students died of suffocation. Akash's father Srinivasan is in the textile business in Alappuzha and Joseph George's father Jerry George is a doctor in Thrissur. The family members of the two students came to the city to get the bodies after postmortem.Police said Akash had spoken to his father on Friday night and said he was going to a friend's house in Kattankulathur to study along with Joseph George.The Guduvanchery police registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11668372", "title": "Seva Yatra to continueround the year: Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar will embark on the second phase of his 'Seva Yatra' but the date is yet to be finalized. The CM and his secretariat are engaged in working out destinations, nature and details of the yatra.\"I have travelled to 11 districts during over two months' but reviewed the functioning and pace of development works of all the 38 districts,\" Nitish told TOI. \"I am not tired. I feel energized,\" he added.In the second phase, review of works will not be on the CM's agenda. \"The Seva Yatra exercise will continue round the year and we are thinking of other ways and mechanism to make this exercise more fruitful in the interest of people,\" he said.Since the budget session of the state legislature will commence from February 21 and continue till April 4, the second phase of Seva Yatra is likely to be kicked off after that. Sources, however, said there was also a possibility that the CM may visit some of the districts in February, but that will depend on his other engagements, including electioneering in UP and Punjab.He said he got very good feedback during his yatra and physically verified the works down to block and panchayat level. On the basis of information received as well as his own assessment, the CM is expected to take some steps to facilitate removal of hurdles in the implementation of various schemes and make the official machinery more people-friendly.The CM started his 'Seva Yatra' from November 9 last and concluded it on January 22, visiting West Champaran, Muzaffarpur, Sheikhpura, Arwal, Saharsa, Banka, Rohtas, Aurangabad, Purnia, Siwan and Madhubani. In each district, he camped for two to four days and visited various remote places for physical verification of the pace of work of developmental schemes.He also reviewed the work on developmental schemes in all the districts falling under Magadh, Saran, Tirhut, Darbhanga, Kosi, Bhagalpur, Purnia and Munger divisions. For the districts under Patna division, he held review meeting in the state capital but held separate meeting for reviewing works in Nalanda district at Biharsharif, both on January 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11668823", "title": "Chennai sits on a growing e-waste pile", "text": "CHENNAI: A Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) recommendation to set up e-waste collection centres is gathering dust. Corporation sources say many people refuse to leave their products for free at such centres. The city annually generates more than 30,000 tonnes of e-waste, and it is growing. By 2030, this is projected to touch two lakh tonnes.Environmentalists and social activists fear that free distribution of television and laptops will add to the e-waste heap. Lead and other toxic substances in e-waste pose health hazards. Most of the e-waste from smaller computer firms ends up in landfills. With the share of e-waste in dump sites like Kodungaiyur and Perungudi growing over the years, environmentalists thought the proposed collection centers in 15 zones would reduce the burden of the dump sites, but the idea doesn't seem viable.\"It looks tough because people don't part with e-waste for free,\" said a senior corporation official. The e-waste inventory prepared by the Central Pollution Control Board in 2005 put the annual e-waste generation across the country at 1.46 lakh tones. In Chennai, personal computers, televisions and mobile phones contribute 26,183 tonnes to the e-waste heap. Chennai does not have government-run recycling plants or collection centres for e-waste, but a private recycling plant at Urappakkam handles e-waste from the Madras Export Promotion Zone (MEPZ).\"Ideally there should be one collection centre per zone,\" said a senior official of TNCB. Corporation commissioner P W C Davidar said the civic body is focusing on solid waste segregation. \"After thorough discussions with other officials, the decision of e-waste collection centers would be finalized,\" he said.Arun Senthilram of Toxics Link, who is also a member of the state e-waste policy drafting committee, said the panel is involved in a detailed study of e-waste in the city. \"Maybe paying a nominal amount would encourage people to deposit e-waste at the collection centres,\" he said.Infrastructure Management and Advisory Services, a consultant appointed by the corporation in 2008 has recommended a ban on dumping e-waste in landfills. According to its report, e-waste treatment in the city was being carried out in an unregulated environment with no control on emissions- generation of mixed e-waste fractions along with hazardous waste after dismantling, generation of effluents during metal extraction, emissions due to burning of printed circuit board and resultant air pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670456", "title": "Won't return to BJP, says ex-MLA Sopte", "text": "PANAJI: Former Pernem MLA Dayanand Sopte who quit the BJP some months ago to join the Congress has stated that he is not going back to the BJP.Scotching speculations, Sopte told STOI that \"I want to make it clear that I have no intention of re-joining the BJP.\" He added that people are mischeviously spreading rumours to get political mileage. The speculations started after reports said that he might not get the Congress ticket in Mandrem.Sources close to him said that hectic efforts were made for his switch over from the Congress party.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669248", "title": "Congress vision document glosses over Muslim quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: Would the Congress manifesto for Uttar Pradesh elections mention 9% quota for Muslims after the vision document steered clear of the figure despite Union law minister Salman Khurshid's contention in his defence to the Election Commission's notice?Congress's vision document, released on Friday, promised to give reservation to minorities, a euphemism for Muslims, if it came to power. It did not mention the quantum, stating that the quota would be in proportion to the minorities' population and would follow the sub-quota principle that UPA has implemented at the Centre. The latter has carved out 4.5% sub-quota within the OBC pie for minorities.The absence of any figure contrasts with Khurshid's recent statement in Farrukhabad that Congress would give 9% reservation to Muslims. The EC had issued a notice to the law minister on BJP's complaint that it was an attempt to win votes on religious appeal.The suspense over whether Congress would mention a specific quantum in its manifesto comes amid signs of an all-out quota war in UP. In its manifesto, BJP has promised to disband the minority quota, and the pledge has riled its supporters.Shakeeluzzaman Ansari, member of National Commission for Backward Classes, said, \"BJP's stand is negation of the rights of religious minorities. The 4.5%-quota is based on economic backwardness and not on religion. What the main Opposition party is saying is unconstitutional.\"The speculation over Congress manifesto mentioning quota quantum of 9% stems from Khurshid's defence before the EC. The minister said he had only spoken about the Congress manifesto since he was the head of the drafting panel. He claimed not having given a specific figure, but mentioned 8%-9%.Sources in Congress said it was unlikely that manifesto too would mention the specific quantum since it would reduce the party's elbow room in future. Also, it could be risky given BJP's bid to polarize the Hindu OBCs by saying they would lose on account of sub-quotas.BJP has seized on the sub-quota theory to polarize OBCs on religious grounds. The party says 4.5% sub-quota for religious minorities at the Centre would hurt the chances of Hindu backward castes by shrinking their playfield in the 27% quota.The 9% minority sub-quota promise would be campaigned as reducing the reservation for Hindus OBCs to 18% while the vague promise of proportionate quota would rob the BJP of the opportunity to make such a drastic claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11670188", "title": "30% students of PEC fail to get minimum marks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In trouble for scoring less than stipulated marks to proceed to the next semester, students of civil engineering at PEC are a harried lot these days.Failing to clear the bare minimum criteria of 4.5 Cumulative Grade Point Average, nearly 30% students of PEC University of Technology enrolled in Masters of Engineering at Civil engineering department have been served \"termination\" notice by varsity authority.While PEC officials have already called an emergency senate meeting on Monday to give a sympathetic view to the students, the terminated candidates are now seeking \"one bonus chance\" to clear the examination again.\"Our entire career is at stake and we have excelled in our BTech degrees because of which we got admission in the ME course. Due to medical reasons, I could not appear in two exams and my CGPA was barely 3.5. If given a chance I am sure I will cross the required CGPA bar,\" said an ME (first semester) student on condition of anonymity.13 students of the ME, first semester, batch have now appealed to the PEC director to give them a chance to re-appear.\"A senate meeting has already been called on Monday to look into the matter. Had there been no such rules the academic standard of PEC would not have been what it is. We are concerned about students, at the same time, we do not want to lower our standards,\" said Sanjeev Sofat, Dean (academics), PEC.He added that any company coming for recruitment for ME students requires a minimum CGPA of 6.\"Even the companies arriving on campus for placement will reject such students.According to PEC rules, in case a candidate has a CGPA of less than 4.5 across all subjects, he is required to repeat the entire semester. Students of ME (Civil engineering department), first semester batch are seeking a re-examination to improve their CGPA from PEC authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11668848", "title": "Make Kannada mandatory for all: NRN", "text": "BANGALORE: Learning Kannada has to be made mandatory for everyone who relocates to the state. Knowing the local language will help people understand the rich local culture better and therefore they can be part of the local society more meaningfully, said NR Narayana Murthy, chairman emeritus at Infosys Technologies .Speaking in the sidelines of the release of Upwardly Mobile, a book on cross-cultural challenges of global Indians written by Ranjini Manian here on Saturday, Murthy said all children who join schools in the state should be taught Kannada from Class I by schools or privately by the parents.Earlier addressing a gathering, he said the world is becoming increasingly globalized and cultural intelligence is critical for professional and personal success of individuals.\"My experience of travelling around the world, some 22 days in a month, has exposed me to multiple cultures. I have realized that we have a lot to learn, we have to make adjustments to be with people of other culture. Thanks to rapid globalization, we don't get much time for cross-cultural interactions,'' Murthy said.\"People of all cultures share the same aspiration, vision, values, goals, but difference lies only in the way of expressing these. So it is important to adapt to various cultures without losing the roots,\" he added.Author Manian said: \"As Indians increasingly engage with foreigners and foreign companies, cultural intelligence is a crucial tool to succeed in doing business with people who look, dress and behave differently.''Upwardly Mobile is designed to equip Indian managers and their expatriate colleagues with cultural intelligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "selbra (bathinda)", "code": "11670332", "title": "Here, the liquor vend trauma people suffered will do the talking", "text": "SELBRA (Bathinda): 'Khasa motta santra', the huge, orange-coloured, nearly eight-foot tall flex board with the picture of a liquor bottle outside a tiny little tin shed on the outskirts of Selbra village is visible from a distance. The shed's placement appears odd -- located at the edge of a field, right on the approach road to Selbra. Two days before assembly elections, the door of the shed is still open for sale, despite closure orders by the election commission.There is little to suggest that this vend, here, is intrinsically linked to the way Selbra would poll two days later.Things become clearer at the entry of the village, where three women are removing earth from a heap. A little distance away, men wonder idly at the bus stop near the dalit settlement called 'vehra.' \"It was there that the police beat up villagers and locked up womenfolk, children and the old in thanas for months, because we had dared to demand removal of the liquor vend from the adda,\" one of the women pointed out. \"Liquor has made life hell for us women, here,\" she said, as two youngsters nod their head.Selbra became the leitmotif of struggle against growing liquor vends in Punjab's countryside last year, which led to similar demands from other panchayats later. Administrations opposed this resistance because excise is the main revenue earner in the state today and the target is to sell 34 crore bottles this year.In the vehra, Chhinder Kaur, the dalit women sarpanch, does not mince words as she talks about \"police atrocities\" aided by local leaders from the ruling party, who were backing the liquor contractors.\"The women were genuinely troubled. The liquor vend and another illegal sale point was located on the same route which they used to take to go to the fields to ease themselves,\" says Kaur, a middle-aged, surprisingly assertive woman. \"Drunk men eating boiled eggs and fish pakoras at night from rehris, made life hell for our women,\" added Kaur.The villagers got together on March 31 last year, the night the new stock was to arrive, and demanded relocation of the vend. The police stopped the illegal supply but a month later, the vend was back. The ensuing protest turned violent when the contractors retaliated.In the brickbats that followed, a police man was severely injured while a police vehicle was set aflame. \"Two days later, police force from four districts swooped down on the village, entered dalit houses and beat up everyone in sight, dragging the old and young to the thana where they were again beaten up,\" Kaur recalled.Villagers claimed that two men died later due to police beating. \"Some women were kept in the thana for over a month. Their husbands fled from the village out of fear. Their cattle were close to death before some villagers fed them and let them out. Others were released after extracting promise that they would vote for a certain leader,\" said another dalit, who was beaten up by the police.It's clear which way the poll wind will flow in Selbra this time. \"Only the dalits were targeted. And now, they are all united to throw this regime, which was hell-bent on selling liquor to our menfolk,\" said Kaur, even as the Congress flag fluttering in her courtyard says it all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11672772", "title": "Meera Nandhaa's next flick a rustic love story", "text": "After being seen in films like Valmiki and Ayyanar, actress Meera Nandhaa is gearing up for the release of her latest Tamil film, 'Soorya Nagaram', in which she shares screen space with Rahul (of 'Moscowin Kaveri' fame).\"We shot in and around Madurai for over 85 days, and it was an enjoyable experience. It's a rustic love story, and I've played a village girl in so many of my films that it comes easy for me these days! I also found it very interesting to talk with the Madurai slang,\" she smiles.Meera says that she had fun shooting with Rahul for this film. \"As an actress, I think it's important for me to feel comfortable with my co-star. Rahul is a very good co-star. I could say anything and everything to him, and share my concerns and worries as well. He was very understanding and helped me a lot on the sets. Director Chellamuthu was equally fun to work with,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669144", "title": "Bakkarwala was not alone during ITO escape: Police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Manoj Bakkarwala, described by police as the most notorious vehicle thief in north India, is spilling the beans in custody. The crime branch officers interrogating him said that during the shootout near ITO that lasted for around eight minutes late in the night of October 16, Bakkarwala was helped by at least three of his aides as he manoeuvered his i-20 through the police net.His associates Raj Kumar, arrested along with Bakkarwala on January 16, and Baliya and Pintu, were in the car when all of them opened fire with country-made weapons and managed to escape. Bakkarwala, now in police custody, fired from a .32 bore pistol. Baliya and Pintu are still on the run, they said.\"The four were travelling from Patparganj to snatch a car. Once they escaped, the accused used the Sarita Vihar-Kalindi Kunj-Noida route and returned to Chandigarh. They hid at Baliya's village before making their way to Rudrapur in Uttarakhand,\" said a senior officer.The police are looking at the option of invoking the Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act against him. \"We have been able to ascertain his involvement in 18 recent cases, including murders and robberies. Eight cases of Delhi have been worked out. Ten other cases concern states like UP, Haryana, HP and Chandigarh,\" DCP (special cell) Arun Kampani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669544", "title": "Buyers, investors bullish on city realty", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Times Property Expo 2012 saw great participation, with footfalls on day one at The Grand Bhagwati exceeding 2,500. This time, the majority of visitors were end users who believe this is the perfect time to strike a deal as the city's real estate market is relatively stable at the moment and they can get a home at an affordable price.Jaxay Shah, managing director of Savvy Infrastructures Pvt. Ltd. and President of CREDAI- GUJARAT, confirms this view. He said the timing is perfect for potential buyers to strike a deal as interest rate on home loans is expected to come down after March now that inflation has decreased. It is a buyer's market and it is now or never for people to take advantage of the market scenario as such an opportunity comes once in 2-3 years. Shah also said that real buyers thronged the expo this time and the price range of properties on offer - 15 lakh to 1.5 crores - is noteworthy.Many developers at the expo said the global economic slowdown has not dented people's enthusiasm to become homeowners and or invest in properties. There is also a rising demand for both affordable and luxury housing projects that offer innovative concepts from local as well as foreign investors, including NRIs and NRGs. Vidhin Shah, senior manager, sales and marketing at Adani Township &amp; Real Estate Co., said: \"Being the marriage season, we are also expecting quality NRI crowd as they usually find these kinds of exhibitions the right way to go through different kinds of properties offered by various builders and developers.\"In fact, many expect the property boom of the mid-2000s is likely to occur again within the next few years. Vidhin Shah said it could certainly happen in the next couple of years. Udit Khatri, assistant director of Investors Clinic , a consultancy firm, believes a boom will take place in 3 years, thanks to increasing demand from locals and an influx of professionals from other states.Also, outskirts like S P Ring Road, Vaishnodevi Circle and the Sanand-Nalsarovar belt, among others, are seeing development and demand like never before. Akash Tomar, executive, marketing and communications at Bakeri Group, opined that the city's western outskirts are seeing maximum development. Vidhin Shah is of the view that S.G. Highway and Vaishnodevi will soon emerge as the next residential hub.Photo quotes:I have come to check out plots on offer in Dholera because it is hard to find plot of land in the city. Anand Ahuja, 25, runs a coaching instituteI am looking to a buy a house preferably in Vejalpur or in outskirts such as Naroda. This is the right time to buy a property because prices are down and the trend could continue. Ritesh Vandra, 30, a professionalMy husband and I intend to buy a property as an investment in areas like S P Ring Road and Sanand. I think this is the best time to jump into the market as home prices are still affordable. Dimple Jain, homemakerI want to purchase a 3 BHK in western Ahmedabad because outskirts do not offer certain conveniences. This is the best time to become a homeowner as prices are likely go up in a year. Viral Gandhi, 22, student", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11669577", "title": "Police solve murder of 36-yr-old burglar", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police have solved the murder of a 36-year-old man, who was found dead at a building construction site in Pallikaranai on Friday, by arresting two accused, including a burglar, on Saturday.The deceased man, police said, was a burglar and a fight over sharing a booty led to the murder. After questioning the arrested duo, police learned that the prime accused involved in the murder had surrendered in another crime case and is now in Puzhal prison. \"We will take the surrendered accused in our custody and interrogate him,\" joint commissioner of police (south zone) K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran said.On Friday, police recovered the body of a man with his head smashed with a stone and lying in a pool of blood on the ground floor of a building under construction at Jalladianpet, Pallikaranai. Police identified the deceased as Kannan alias Ganesan (36), a Perungudi resident accused in a house break-in. Police said they nabbed two of his friends - J Tamilarasan alias Daniel (24) and G Manikandan (22) from Jalladianpet.Police said Ganesan had stayed at the house of his friend Palani who was also involved in offences. Ganesan had beaten up Palani in an inebriated condition. An angry Palani approached his two friends Tamilarasan and Manikandan and they planned to eliminate him. On Wednesday night, police said, they took him to the building and smashed his head with a stone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668039", "title": "Human Rights programme launched", "text": "PUNE: Justice Sambhaji Shinde, of the Aurangabad High Court bench launched the Human Rights and duties Education Programme at the University of Pune on Saturday. He inaugurated the online programme on the university website.In the keynote address, Shinde highlighted the role of the Indian judiciary and international instruments along with specialised agencies of the United Nations in promoting and protecting human rights.Sanjay Chahande, vice-chancellor in his presidential address elaborated upon the global significance of human rights programme in the contemporary educational system. He also focused on the relevance of human rights and duties education in the backdrop of recent incidents of gross human rights violation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "11669443", "title": "University lodges FIR against students for disrupting work", "text": "BIKANER: The Maharaja Ganga Singh University administration in Bikaner has filed an FIR against the students who were demonstrating in front of the office of registrar on Saturday.Students belonging to various organizations were demanding reduction in fee for law courses among other things. During demonstration, some students put a lock on the main gate of the university and disturbed the functioning.Taking a serious note of it, the university administration filed an FIR with the Gangashahar police station against some 40 students including president of the students union Sultan Singh and general secretary Abhishek Pareek for creating nuisance and hindrance of government work. The FIR was registered under sections 332, 353, 341 and 143 of IPC.Student union president Sultan Singh told TOI that they were forced to sign on a blank paper in the office of SDM, and the same was used for granting bail to them.Filing of FIR against the agitating students increased the anger of the students and the ABVP organized gate meetings in front of various colleges including MS Girls College, BJS Rampuria College, Sanskrit College etc.Student organizations are planning to launch agitation at a largescale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11675780", "title": "India trip was awesome: Oprah Winfrey", "text": "NEW DELHI: American television mogul and talk show queen Oprah Winfrey, who was on her maiden visit to India earlier this month, says her trip to the country was awesome.The 57-year-old, who came to India to shoot a for her new series 'Next Chapter', stayed for five days and visited Vrindavan, Agra as well as the Jaipur Literature Festival.\"Great to travel, but even greater to be back in beautiful USA. India experience was Awesome. Expands your humanity,\" Winfrey wrote on her Twitter page.The TV mogul also visited Amitabh Bachchan's house to meet Abhishek and Aishwarya Rai's new born daughter and later attended a star-studded party hosted by socialite Parmeshwar Godrej at her residence.Winfrey also visited slums in south Mumbai as part of research for her show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11669871", "title": "Half-exploded grenade injures boy, 3 others", "text": "PANCHKULA: A 12-year-old boy and three others were seriously injured on Saturday evening near Gadhi village in Raipurrani, Panchkula, when a half-exploded hand grenade they were playing with burst. The injured, Raman and three others, all residents of Raipurrani, were rushed to a private hospital in Raipurrani, from where they were further referred to PGI Chandigarh.\"There is a firing range near Raipurrani where army personnel practice ammunition usage. It was from there that these kids had picked up a partially-used grenade. It suddenly burst and hurt all of them,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669681", "title": "Auto driver helps police nab fake cop", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An alert autorickshaw driver Bharat Dabhi helped Naranpura police nab one Aklesh Patel who was cheating people posing as policeman.Police said Dabhi was passing near Akhbarnagar underpass when a 42-year-old man posing as a cop stopped him and asked him to accompany him to the nearby Naranpura police station. When Dabhi hesitated, the person asked him to give money if he did not want to go to the police station. \"Dabhi requested Patel to accompany him to Vadaj where he would pay the money after borrowing it from the owner of the auto,\" said a police official.Patel asked Dabhi to hand him over his mobile and take him to Vadaj. Patel promised to follow him. But when Dabhi reached Vadaj, he found Patel missing.\"On Saturday, as Dabhi was passing from the Juna Vadaj area, he saw the same person having snacks at a roadside stall. Dabhi approached him and demanded his mobile back. Sensing trouble, Patel ran and boarded a moving bus. When Dabhi began shouting for help, the driver of the bus stopped the vehicle and Patel was nabbed with the help of other passengers,\" the official said.Patel was handed over to Naranpura police, which arrested him after investigation revealed that Patel was not a policeman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11669742", "title": "Court dismisses kin\u2019s petition to exhume body", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Friday dismissed a petition filed by a man alleging that his brother's widow and her two children conspired to murder his brother to usurp property. Instead, the court concluded that the petitioner was the villain.The property, which includes a bungalow, Harbour, on Mount Carmel Road, is valued at over Rs 10 crore. A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice R G Ketkar, in their verdict, said, \"We are of the opinion that the writ petition is not a bona fide petition but is completely motivated. In all probability, the petitioner is acting under instructions of persons who wish to redevelop the valued property, Harbour.\"Bertram Dsilva (52), a resident of Jharkhand, filed a habeas corpus petition in January 2011 for the production of his brother, Irwin (60), claiming that Irwin may have been murdered and if so, his body must be exhumed. He said Irwin was \"induced\" in 1996 into remarrying Suman (now 65), who has two children, Simmi and Faruk, from a previous marriage.In December 2010, he lodged complaints with the Bandra police, stating that his brother was being wrongfully confined by Suman. In January 2011, he moved the HC, alleging that the police was conniving with Suman. The police told the court that Irwin was admitted to Nair Hospital for a kidney ailment and died on December 22, 2010 in Sion hospital. He was cremated the same day. Bertram alleged that his brother was cremated instead of being buried to destroy evidence.Suman said she and her children were living with Irwin since 1996 after they got married. Irwin was in good health until he suffered chronic renal failure in 2009, she said. He died and was cremated in accordance with his wishes, she added. She alleged that Bertram and his friends, Robert Sequiera and Dirk Allams, were hell-bent on misappropriating the property.The judges relied on the notarized declaration written by Irwin on December 16, 2010, saying it \"speaks volumes and belies the entire case\" of Bertram. Irwin stated that Bertram and his friends threatened him when he was in Nair Hospital on December 14. The judges said the 'incident' indicates that the attempt was to get rid of Suman and her children by implicating them in false cases. They noted that Bertram visited Mumbai for the first time on December 11, 2010. \"There is no justification as to why the petitioner has become conscious and emotional about the well-being of his brother,\" said the judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669820", "title": "Congress hunts for Modi mole behind ad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Who approved the controversial Congress advertisement lauding chief minister Narendra Modi? While red-faced senior Congress leaders rushed to defend the two-page pull-out circulated with local newspapers on the Republic Day, the party's high-command has launched a hunt to nail the leader who cleared the draft, which has left a deep dent in an election year.While UPA chief Sonia Gandhi's political adviser Ahmed Patel is livid over the issue and has given a dressing down to the top brass of state Congress, the party's Gujarat affairs in-charge Mohan Prakash has sought an explanation from senior leaders.As pressure from the top mounted on Saturday to identify the fall guy, a passing-the-buck game began within the dismembered state unit. All senior leaders TOI spoke to tried to wash their hands off the controversy. The blunder has also brought to light a complete lack of co-ordination among the party's state leadership.Senior partymen in Delhi were not taken into confidence. Moreover, the party's election campaign committee was kept in the dark. Fingers are now being pointed towards a former state party chief known for his ambivalent stand. Congress defended its advertisement lauding Modi saying it was meant to be sarcastic. \"It's a sarcastic comment on Narendra Modi . He has been ridiculed in the advertisement. His predecessors did a better job,\" Congress leader Rajiv Shukla said. The sarcasm, if any, has the BJP rank and file laughing.Senior Congress leaders say taking action immediately would mean admitting the indefensible gaffe. \"Calling Modi a master organizer and an astute election strategist at a time when elections are round the corner is unwarranted and ill-timed. The praises are a complete contradiction to the party's official line on the Gujarat chief minister,\" said a senior party leader, adding, \"There is not an iota of sarcasm here.\"The issue is unlikely to die down soon. The state unit of BJP issued a release saying the Congress was trying to get closer to voters by using Modi's photo. \"People know the real face of the Congress and would never forgive it,\" said BJP spokesperson I K Jadeja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "in the alternate universe occupied by masked avengers in capes and cloaks, there is a quiet storm brewing - a clear indication that a few epic encounters are about to begin. the battles should be interesting to watch, as they unspool shortly, at a theatre near you. first up in february, comes ghost rider", "code": "11670012", "title": "Superhero showdown", "text": "In the alternate universe occupied by masked avengers in capes and cloaks, there is a quiet storm brewing - a clear indication that a few epic encounters are about to begin. The battles should be interesting to watch, as they unspool shortly, at a theatre near you. First up in February, comes Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance, that sees Nicholas Cage ride back as the tormented anti-hero, Johnny Blaze. In April, Marvel Studios is bringing together some of its most popular characters like Iron Man, Captain America, Incredible Hulk, etc in The Avengers. And in July, the two biggest superhero franchises in comic book history - Spiderman and Batman - go virtually head-to-head, with Sony Pictures' The Amazing Spiderman followed by The Dark Knight Rises, the final chapter of Warner 's current Batman saga.Speculations are rife as to how each film - made on budgets running into several million dollars - would perform at the box office. Also, will they live up to the expectations of fans across the world? \"All the movies should do well,\" says Vikramjit Roy, general manager, film production at National Film Development Corporation and an avid superhero buff. But like all true-blue fans, Roy is quick to pick out his favourites. The ones he's betting on are Spiderman and Batman, with Ghost Rider as a possible dark horse. \"Spiderman in particular, has all the emotional masala that a regular Indian film has, and one can identify with the character. But the earlier Ghost Rider also did well, since it was unusual and very different from the other popular superhero stories.\"Ghost Rider would be the first superhero movie off the block this year, which might work in its favour. A lot of hope is also riding on The Avengers, an ambitious outing of Marvel's iconic characters, that has Robert Downey Jr donning the Iron Man suit again. With an estimated budget of almost $220million, the film has been in the pipeline for almost 7 years. In the interim, its principal characters - Iron Man, Captain America and Hulk have had successful solo movies of their own, which might help audiences identify better with their joint venture.But the battle royale would clearly be between Spiderman and Batman - representing the arch rivals in comic bookdom, Marvel and DC Comics respectively. Since the past three years, DC Comics' characters have yielded ground to Marvel. However, this might change when The Dark Knight Rises. Denzil Dias, Dy MD (Theatrical) of Warner Bros India says the film's marketing campaign \"would be intense.\" In any case, Christopher Nolan's rendering of the final installment of the saga that began in 2005 has immense curiosity value, not least because little is known about the film, except that Christian Bale as Batman will \"face his greatest test ever.\"It's also going to be a big test for Spiderman, as the series gets a reboot with a new director and cast. The web-crawler's has been one of the most successful superhero film franchises ever, with the previous three films grossing an astounding $2.5 billion worldwide. WithThe Amazing Spiderman, Sony Pictures is taking a calculated gamble as new director Marc Webb revisits Peter Parker's life as a teenager and his metamorphosis into the swinging superhero . The film's producers are quite upbeat, though. Avi Arad, former Marvel head and the man behind all the Spiderman films, terms the upcoming movie as \"having all the special effects, yet being totally grounded in reality - which will ensure audiences can identify with Peter Parker's dilemmas.\" Coproducer Matt Tolmach, though is quite candid about the pressures and the competition with the man from Gotham City: \"The stakes are always high when you play in the summer blockbuster game,\" he says. \"The Dark Knight is an enormous franchise. But, we feel pretty bullish as well. At the end of the day, you have to make a great movie and the rest takes care of itself.\" Promises to be an interesting showdown amongst those who rule the skies and our imagination. May the best mask win.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11673108", "title": "Happy Sunday for B-towns mommies", "text": "Now, who doesn't love a Sunday? Also celebrating the day to the hilt are our B-town Mommies who shared their reasons for joy on this happy day, on their blogs.New Mommy Lara Dutta Bhupathi feels blessed as Sunday unfolds today. The \" Don 2\" actor wrote on her blog, \"Everything feels right on a Sunday Day (my niece calls it that!) Husband is home, daughter is peaceful and I feel blessed! (sic)\" Tara Sharma Saluja is also enjoying quality family time today as indicates her message on a micrblogging site. She wrote, \"So enjoy driving on a Sunday.. emptier roads, cool breeze car seats wth our kids strapped in. Happy and peaceful till either one screams.(sic)\"Maria Goretti also shared a rather sweet moment spent with her son Zeke in the morning as she wrote on her blog, \"So I'm listening to music and Zeke insists on me playing \"complicated\" for him .. Bec I like it ... Boys .... Ha ha ha they are so sweet.(sic)\" Well, Sundays are sweet indeed, for these Mums at least.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669035", "title": "Battered two-year-old still critical", "text": "NEW DELHI: The battered two-year-old girl at AIIMS Trauma Centre showed no sign of improvement on Saturday. Doctors said chances of deadly chest infection and septicemia have increased as she has been on ventilator or intubation for over 10 days now.Experts, who examined the girl, ruled out any sexual abuse of the child and investigations are on to find out if the marks on her body are human bites.\"The child has not been abused sexually. Our experts have examined her and ruled out any such possibility,\" said Dr Sumit Sinha, associate professor of neurosurgery at AIIMS. He said forensic experts were examining the injuries on her face and other body parts to confirm if they were human bites.\"A forensic expert was called from AIIMS and he opined that they appeared to be human bites. He has taken photographs for further investigation and assessment of the injuries,\" said a senior doctor, who did not want to be named.Dr MC Misra, chief of AIIMS Trauma Centre, said the condition of the child remains critical.\"In the last 22 hours, since she was weaned off the ventilator and put on supplementary oxygen, there has been no deterioration in her condition. But there is no improvement either. She is stable but critical and deeply unconscious. There is greater risk of infection, which can even be fatal,\" he said. Misra said it is not possible to confirm rumours of the child being speech-impaired as she has been on intubation since she was admitted.On Friday, doctors had said the baby was showing signs of recovery - she was able to breathe on her own, flutter her eyelids and show some limb movement too. She is being fed a high protein diet through tube, said doctors.Dr Sumit Sinha, associate professor of neurosurgery at AIIMS Trauma Centre, said only 30-40% children with severe head injuries are able to survive. \"There are risks like losing cognitive abilities and memory loss in those who are able to make it. Same is the case with this child,\" he said.Sinha said when the child was admitted to the hospital on January 18, she was in coma and her head was badly smashed. \"She suffered cardiac attacks too. Any further deterioration can prove fatal,\" he added.The baby was brought to the hospital by a teenaged girl who claimed to be her mother and had cited a fall from the bed as the reason for the child's condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11674360", "title": "Anna Hazare reaches Delhi for treatment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-corruption activist Anna Hazare today reached Delhi for further treatment in a super- speciality hospital as he was suffering from persisting cough and back-pain.74-year-old Hazare flew from Pune and reached the Delhi airport at around 1:30 am. He was taken to Medanta Hospital in adjoining Gurgaon.Hazare will undergo a \"detailed medical check-up\" as he was suffering from persisting cough and back-pain, his close aides said.The 74-year-old anti-corruption crusader was treated for acute bronchitis at Sancheti Hospital here earlier this month after he called off his three-day hunger strike for a strong Lokpal Bill midway.Earlier, after calling off his 12-day hunger strike in Ramlila Maidan in August last year, Hazare had gone to Medanta for treatment.The doctors led by Naresh Trehan had also constantly monitoring his condition during the Ramlila agitation.Hazare's health condition has forced him to call off the jail bharo agitation and prevented him taking a tour of the five poll-bound states.However, he has said that he will embark on a nation-wide tour soon after he recovers from his illness during which he will \"awaken\" the people on the issue of corruption, he said he will not speak about indulging in violence.\"Soon after I regain my health, I will embark on an all- India tour. Then the corrupt people will understand that the allegations they level against me will not have an effect on people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "11670183", "title": "EC eases curbs on bars, eateries", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: Bowing to pressure from the tourism industry and other stakeholders, election authorities have relaxed the closing time for establishments selling liquor by 10 days and have freed eateries from the restriction altogether.Shacks, bars, restaurants, hotels , casinos etc can now serve alcohol till 11pm up to February 16, instead of the earlier February 6, while from February 17 'till the completion of the election process' the ban on the sale and consumption of liquor will be enforced at 10pm.Relieved, stakeholders are, however, asking for the relaxation to be extended to February 21 in view of the four-day carnival that starts February 18.The industry fears \"losing out on a huge number of sales\" during the festive period.\"It (carnival) is just a few days ahead of February 16. We want the relaxation on closing of bars extended till carnival which ends on February 21,\" Gaurish Dhond, president, Travel and Tourism Association of Goa (TTAG) said.TOI learns that the tourism industry is petitioning the government for an extension of the relaxation.The decision to relax the restrictions was taken at a high-level meeting convened by chief electoral officer S Kumaraswamy on Saturday. It follows representations made by shack owners, proprietors of small eateries and restaurants and TTAG members on Friday.Following the CEO's meeting, both district collectors, who are also district election officers, issued new orders modifying the January 23 circular. The circular had stipulated that all hotels, restaurants, bars and eateries should be shut by 11pm from January 25 and from 10pm from February 6 to March 6.As per the modified order, all liquor shops, bars and restaurants, pubs, food joints, shacks, etc have been directed 'to restrict the sale, service and consumption of liquor daily up to 11pm with effect from January 28 up to February 16, and strictly by 10pm from February 17 till the completion of the election process'. The service of food at all these places will not be restricted, the order states.\"It is a good decision as far as the hotels, restaurants and eateries are concerned. Our efforts (on Friday) have been fruitful,\" said Dhond, reacting to the development.Shack owners also hailed the decision. \"The government has taken a wise decision or else tourism would have suffered a lot. We are pleased that eateries have been untouched and we can now serve tourists coming to Goa,\" said John Lobo, general secretary, Shack Owners' Welfare Society.Shack owners, however, also want the extension till carnival ends. \"Many Indian tourists come to Goa and view the first carnival parade in the capital city and spend the rest of their holiday on the beaches,\" a shack owner requesting anonymity said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669708", "title": "Fences to protect wild asses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The shocking incident where five wild asses died on Friday after falling in the Narmada branch canal has raised serious issues over the safety of wild asses outside the Little Rann of Kutch (LRK) sanctuary area. Alarmed, the forest department has decided to fence the canal in areas which have large population of wild asses. A study of the corridor movement of the wild asses will also be undertaken, officials said.About 20 per cent of the 4,000-odd wild ass population are outside the sanctuary and have made these areas their permanent home. Forest department officials said that the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Limited (SSNNL) has taken all precautions as suggested by the forest department. However, the department had failed to suggest measures that should be taken outside the protected boundaries of the sanctuaries.A study of the corridor movement of animals and even the area where the population of wild ass is more is being carried out by the forest department. \"Putting up fencing all along the canal was not possible as it involves huge funding. So we will study the pockets where fencing needs to be installed,\" said principal secretary of forest and environment S K Nanda. He said all safety precautions will be taken to protect wildlife in the area.A senior official refusing to be quoted said several studies have shown that in the late 1990s, over 300 wild asses were found upto Bhal and Nalsarovar area in Ahmedabad, but once the construction of the Narmada canal began, the population got isolated.The officials said since the department has taken care to have adequate passages for the animals to cross over along with proper fencing, the movement inside the LRK sanctuary would not be restricted.Another senior officer said, \"Adequate fencing and safe passages have to be given in the area where the wild asses are present in large number.\"He said that at present one can find the wild asses right up to India-Pakistan border and some even cross over to Rajasthan. Officials said in Dhangadhara alone around 8-10 per cent of the wild asses have made the villages in the taluka their permanent home.Wild ass conservationist Devji Dhamecha said, \"The incident has to be taken up seriously. Had there been water, all the 17 wild asses would have drowned.\" He too said that there was an urgent need to fence the branch canal or else several such incidents will take place in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11667969", "title": "Is media going overboard to sensationalize news?", "text": "KOLKATA: Is media losing credibility in its rush for news? Is it trying to play the role of prosecutor, jury, judge - everything clubbed into one? Or is it just trying to play a stronger role as the fourth estate while other institutions of democracy are eroding away? Is self regulation in media, the need of the hour?Seasoned politicians and journalists on Saturday engaged themselves in a threadbare debate on \"Trial by media: The media goes too deep without going far enough\" at Kolkata Literary Meet to find an answer to all these pertinent questions in this age of cut-throat competition.Railways minister Dinesh Trivedi kick-started the debate by saying news channels have become \"views\" channels and news has become \"instant coffee\" with people in media having no time for homework. He, however, agreed that politicians cannot survive without media.Veteran journalist Vindo Mehta, who stood for the motion in the debate, refuted Trivedi's argument, saying clashes between politicians and the media are signs of healthy democracy. He admitted that at times there are excesses committed by the media but at the end of the day, media is trying to play a stronger role when most of the institutions of the democracy are eroding away.Speaking on behalf of the damaged democracy, Jammu &amp; Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah expressed that \"trial by media\" does not take place all the time. \"But in the race for breaking news, truth becomes the casualty.\" He sharply pointed out that while trying to speedily pronounce the verdict on any particular incident, media does not bother to delve into the inside story. He slammed the media for often weaving stories out of unrelated events.Journalist Rajdeep Sardesai did not leave any stone unturned to reply to the attacks on media. Confessing that there are aberrations caused by media while trying to sensationalize incidents to catch viewership, he did not forget to point a finger at the politicians. \"You (politicians) are in public life. If you can't stand heat, get out of kitchen.\" He received applause from the audience when he said a couple of decades ago media was the monopoly of the government, it is longer so.Politicians on the dais raised the question that when they are accountable to the people and media, who was media accountable to? Is self regulation in media the need of the hour?While Sardesai pointed that news channels are accountable to the viewers, which cannot be manipulated, Mehta said media should practice self regulation. \"Media regulated by politicians is the last thing that should happen,\" Mehta said.Author and ad-woman Anuja Chauhan was the moderator of the debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11670833", "title": "Wider 'scope' for star-gazers here", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Visitors to the Priyadarshini Planetarium at the Kerala Science and Technology Museum in the city can now have a closer look at the heavens.A 14-inch reflective telescope is ready to welcome stargazers.\"Currently, the huge imported telescope is placed inside a makeshift arrangement for night sky observation in the open air on the terrace, said Arul Gerald Prakash, director of the Kerala State Science and Technology Museum (KSTM).\"It will be shifted to a permanent Astrodome once it is constructed\".For constructing a permanent dome the roof top of the Planetarium, tenders will soon be invited and construction will begin by March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11672340", "title": "Thousands take a dip in Sangam", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Thousands of devotees converged on the banks of Sangam to take a holy dip on the occasion of Basant Panchami on Saturday.The district administration had made elaborate arrangements for the convenience of pilgrims at Sangam. RPF and GRP personnel were also deployed at the Allahabad railway junction, Naini, Prayag, Prayag Ghat, Subedarganj and other stations to manage the large number of devotees. Saraswati Puja was also performed at educational institutions on the occasion.A vast conglomeration of people from different parts of the country was witnessed on the banks of holy Ganga and Yamuna. Ashok Upadhaya, a devotee who came from Raipur, said, \"It is good sight to witness a sea of devotees taking a holy bath in the Sangam.\"Another devotee Akansha Dwivedi, who came from Bhopal, said, \"We had urged our parents to send us to Allahabad as we wanted to take a holy dip at Sangam on the Basant Panchami day.\" Pilgrims from neighbouring states of Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and even from Maharashtra and Gujarat arrived here. Meanwhile, youngsters of the city also enjoyed flying colourful kites on the occasion of Basant Panchami.Sarsaswati Puja was performed at Uttar Pradesh Rajarshri Tandon Open University (UPRTOU). Its vice-chancellor A K Bakshi recited vedic matras and performed the puja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11667896", "title": "NCP chief Sharad Pawar to make way for GenNext in 2014", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nationalist Congress Party chief and Maratha strongman Sharad Pawar has announced that he will not contest the next Lok Sabha election and make way for a younger leadership, a move that is bound to create a stir in his party as well as the Congress.The agriculture minister told CNN IBN that \"I don't want to contest... because this year I will complete 45 years (in politics). I entered politics in 1967 and since then... fortunately I (have) never lost an election.\"He also said Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has taken a courageous decision to lead the party campaign in Uttar Pradesh, but warned he will be held responsible in case he fails.\"If he succeeds definitely he will be the beneficiary...public at large will pass the buck to him if he doesn't deliver,\" Pawar said.Although at 71 Pawar is veteran of scores of electoral battles, he is not the oldest member of the Union Cabinet. But his retirement plans put the focus on the claims of his nephew Ajit Pawar as also daughter Supriya Sule . While Sule intends to keep the family legacy in politics alive, Ajit is the grassroots man who is expected to don the leader's mantle.Pawar, however, kept the suspense alive, saying he would not project a successor as \"NCP does not believe in dynastic politics. We have a good team in NCP. We'd like to encourage a good team and ultimately they have to prove (their worth).\"The NCP boss said he had fought his last election. \"Its enough...it is the responsibility of people like me to encourage younger people and younger leadership will continue to work in political party.\"It was evident after the 2009 assembly election that Ajit commands the majority support of legislators and he named deputy CM ahead of other claimants like Chhagan Bhujbal and R R Patil. Ajit comes across as rough hewn while Sule is articulate in English, but he has emerged as a powerful political organizer.Congress is aware that the Maratha warhorse is not going to wind up his outfit, but hopes the rationale for NCP's existence as a regional party will decline. NCP has proved to be a problematic ally ever ready to cut into the Congress's turf and the alliance is driven by the mutual need to keep the Shiv Sena-BJP combine out of power.Congress will calculate that Ajit will prove a shrewd ally and watch how Pawar handles the unstated claims of Sule to being the leader. The party may hope that some key NCP leaders, disappointed at being edged out of the leadership fray, may choose to return to the Congress.With regard to Rahul's campaign, Pawar suggested the stakes were high with the leader heading the Congress poll effort in UP. Given the less than cordial relations between Congress and its allies, the NCP leaders seemed to warn that a poor performance in UP can hurt Rahul's leadership ahead of the 2014 election.Pawar said, \"I have not seen his meetings or heard his meetings nor I did not have any opportunity to interact with him about the future of politics. But one thing we have to accept is that he is travelling like anything. He is addressing many meetings.\"He added, \"How much response he is getting I don't know unless I see his one or two meetings. If the Congress party improves its position definitely credit will go to him. It also looks like Cong party has taken a conscious decision to project him as the main star campaigner.\"Pawar said it was not evident that Congress should project Rahul as a leader immediately if the party did well in UP. \"I don't know whether Cong will project him immediately...they might wait for some time...maybe for next election also but it is up to Cong parties' leadership.\" He did not feel results of the current round of assembly polls will much impact the stability of UPA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11669337", "title": "Bhanwari case: Accused jointly questioned in jail", "text": "JODHPUR: The CBI took Pukhraj and Dinesh Bishnoi, arrested in the Bhanwari Devi case, to Jodhpur Central Jail on Saturday to confront them with Sohan Lal Bishnoi who is currently lodged in the jail.The CBI court had given permission to the agency for their confrontation from 11 am to 2 pm for two days following agency's request. They will also be taken to the jail on Sunday for confrontation with Sohan Lal.Pukhraj and Dinesh are son and nephew of Sohan Lal and had been absconding for about two months after initial interrogation. The court had, after issuing arrest warrant for the two, declared them proclaimed absconders. Finally, following the constant pressure by the police and CBI, these brothers had surrendered before the agency on Wednesday and the court remanded them in custody till January 30.The brothers are said to be privy to the abduction of Bhanwari and had allegedly obtained money in lakhs from Sahi Ram on behalf of Sohan Lal, who was arrested by the police on September 6, five days after Bhanwari went missing.Sohan had stopped using his own mobile number 809412900 and replaced it with his son's (Pukhraj) mobile number 8094329000 at 3.30 pm on September 1, the day of Bhanwari's abduction. After this, Sohan remained in contact with Shahabuddin, Balia and Sahi Ram Bishnoi through this number right from 3.30 pm to till late night.CBI, who has also interrogated Sohan's brother and father of Dinesh, Babu Lal Bishnoi, a number of times earlier, again summoned him for interrogation after this confrontation in the jail on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670140", "title": "Michael, 2 held for Porvorim armed robbery", "text": "PANAJI: Hours after they allegedly robbed a house in Porvorim at gun point, Michael Fernades, Anil Yadav and Vijay Swami were arrested by the police on Saturday. While Yadav and Fernandes, a notorious criminal who has twice escaped from police custody, were picked up from Ameyvada, Khandola in Ponda taluka, Swami was arrested from Assagao in Bardez taluka.DIG Ravindra Yadav told reporters that Fernandes is an \"inter-state criminal\" involved in over 50 crime cases in Goa, Karnataka and Maharashtra.\"Our preliminary investigations have found that Fernandes' modus operandi is to strike in Goa and move out of the state. He operates in Kolhapur, Karwar, Sindhudurg and Belgaum,\" said Yadav.Following the attack on the Bhise home in Porvorim on Friday evening, police teams, coordinated by Porvorim PI Manoj Mardolkar, were sent to different parts of Goa.Three armed men had decamped with cash and gold jewellery worth Rs 2.96 lakh after locking up three family members in the bathroom.\"We got to know from our sources that Fernandes was residing at Ameywada. A team raided the house early morning and arrested Fernandes and his associate Yadav even as they tried to escape sensing police presence,\" described Yadav.He said Fernandes was found with a pistol loaded with seven rounds during the raid, while police also recovered two country-made pistols, one chopper, one laptop, Rs 25,000 and gold ornaments. Fernandes had procured the pistols from Indore, Yadav said.Describing the robbery, Yadav said Fernandes and the other two men entered Shekhar Bhise's house near Kids Camp School, and at gun point forced Shekhar's wife Varsha and mother to part with their gold jewellery and cash. The trio also threatened to kidnap the son if the money was not given to them, said Yadav.\"They ransacked the house and threatening the family with a gun and chopper tied the mother, wife and son with a sari and confined them to the bathroom. They were rescued only after Shekhar returned home,\" said Yadav who visited the crime scene on Friday night.Describing Fernandes' criminal background, Yadav said he started as an auto thief, graduated to a chain snatcher and is now a dacoit. \"We suspect his involvement in 2-3 robbery cases in December 2011,\" said the DIG. Police have registered the Bhise case under IPC Sections 392 (robbery), 342 (confinement), and 506 (criminal intimidation) read with 34 (several persons), and Section 27 of the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11670723", "title": "India's first 1200 kV transformer made by BHEL commissioned", "text": "BHOPAL: India's first 1200 kV HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) Transformer, manufactured by BHEL, has been commissioned at the 1200 kV National Test Station at Bina (MP) on January 27, a BHEL release said on Saturday.With the commissioning of the 1200 kV Transmission system, India joins the elite group of countries like Russia, Japan and China who have commissioned such High Voltage Transmission systems, the release claimed.An official press release said that 1200 kV System is the highest rated transmission voltage in the world and very few organisations in the world have this technology. BHEL is the first Indian organisation to have developed the technology with in-house efforts, it further claimed.The release, with the development and the successful commissioning 333 MVA, 1150/400/33 kV, 1-phase, Auto-transformer BHEL is now in a position to meet the countries requirement of Ultra High Voltage Transformers.IS Jha, Director (Projects) Powergrid, RK Tiwari, General Manager (TCB) BHEL, Bhopal were among those present at the commissioning of the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11674652", "title": "No south Indian heroine for Dhanush", "text": "Bollywood and Kollywood were buzzing alike when Dhanush signed on Annand Rai's next Bollywood film that's to be produced by Eros.The 'Tanu Weds Manu' director is going to have Dhanush play the lead in yet another romantic film, this time around though he chose to call this story and intense romantic drama as unlike the romantic comedy that 'Tanu Weds Manu' was.The latest we got to know from sources close to the team is that the lead actress for this romantic flick will not be a south Indian name that people have been widely speculating about.Instead, sources reveal that the heroine will be a name from Bollywood, someone who already has an established name there.Considering the director pulled off a winner with his odd pairing of Madhavan and Kangna in his first flick, we wonder who the lucky girl will be to romance the Kolaveri heartthrob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11669692", "title": "Adopted daughter seeking rly job gets solace from Tribunal", "text": "CHENNAI: After turning a deaf ear to 33-year-old T Amul's request for compassionate appointment following her father's death seven years ago, Southern Railway authorities cited technicalities to reject her plea in March 2010.Setting aside the rejection order, B Venkateswara Rao, judicial member, Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) has now directed the railways to reconsider Amul's claim and \"pass a reasonable order\" within three months.Amul's father A Thirumalai was a compound gangman - a group D post - in the office of the Section Engineer (Works) in the city. In 1987, he had adopted two children, Amul and Thennarasu, when they were nine and two years old respectively.Due to medical reasons, he was terminated from service on October 23, 2003.After he was discharged, Thirumalai sought an appointment for his son in any group D post but this was rejected through a communication dated February 17, 2004 as his son did not possess the minimum qualification of passing standard VIII.However, Thirumalai was advised to apply for an appointment for any other ward who was suitably qualified. Before he could do so, he passed away in December, 2004. His wife, Rajeshwari, submitted an application on Amul's behalf on June 24, 2005, but there was no reply. Another representation was made in February, 2009, but still got no response.Following a direction from a bench of CAT, Southern Railway authorities passed an order in March 2010 rejecting Amul's claim for compassionate appointment saying the adoption deed was registered only in November 2004 and that certain documents such as Amul's transfer certificate did not support her stance that she was Thirumalai's daughter.Amul contended that as per Section 17 of the Registration Act, 1908, an adoption deed need not compulsorily be registered.Passing orders, judicial member Venkateswara Rao observed that the general manager and divisional railway manager, personnel branch, Southern Railway were not justified in rejecting her claim.\"Had they ever doubted the genuineness of composition of family members furnished by Thirumalai, they could have taken appropriate action against him for such misconduct in accordance with rules in 1992 itself,\" he observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11670759", "title": "Businessman wards off robbers from shop", "text": "SURAT: A city businessman showed exemplary courage when he drove away robbers, who had demanded cash and valuables from him by putting a gun on his head.Himmat Kalsariya, 40, who runs the diamond weighing unit, was in a do-or-die situation when three miscreants barged into his shop and pointed a country-made revolver on his head. Refusing to be intimidated, Kalsariya hit back at the one who had pointed the weapon.The brief fisticuff ensued between Kalsariya and the robbers with one of them even smashing the butt of the weapon in his face.However, as commotion increased, the robbers feared being caught by the neighbouring shopkeepers and fled from the location.While escaping from the spot in haste, they even dropped the revolver in the shop.Kalsariya, who resides in Varsha Society, runs the diamond weighing unit in Dahya Park Society, plot 222 on Lambe Hanuman Road.The unit is in a small office behind a tailoring shop and had valuables when the robbers entered.It is believed that the attackers attempted the loot considering the spot and time.The time selected by the miscreants and targeting the small shop is part of the strategy, police believe.In recent times, no incidents of loot at weighing units were reported.However, a year ago two incidents when robbers decamped with the booty after brandishing knives were reported.In both these incidents, one person used to sell the diamonds to the weighing unit owner and another gang member used to carry out loot of the same unit.\"It is a new method of targeting weighing unit owners in which the attack is carried out for a small amount. In the crime, the unit owner had kept the diamonds in his shirt pocket which is risky,\" said R S Patel, inspector of Varachha police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11672263", "title": "Over 50 candidates file nominations on last day", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the final day of the ongoing nomination process on Saturday, around 50 candidates, including several leaders from Congress, Apna Dal and Trinamool Congress, filed their nomination from different assembly seats in the district.The leaders accompanied by their supporters reached the collectorate campus. Among the first to reach the collectorate was Congress candidate from Karchana assembly seat, Bhagwat Pandey, who filed his nomination in the presence of senior party leaders.Guinness Book record holder and renowned moustache dancer Rajendra Tiwari Dukanji also filed his nomination as Trinamool Congress candidate from City South assembly constituency, while Congress candidate from Meja assembly constituency Sarvesh Tiwari also reached the collectorate and filed his nomination. Former state minister and Congress candidate from Handia assembly seat Rajendra Tripathi also filed his nomination. Apna Dal candidate Vinay Pandey too filed his papers from Handia seat.Former president, Allahabad University Student Union, and dissident Congress leader Sanjay Tiwari also filed his nomination as Trinamool Congress candidate from Pratappur assembly constituency. However, it was the nomination of independent candidate Abhilasha Gupta from City South assembly constituency which became the much-talked about event as she is wife of state minister in Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government, Nand Gopal Gupta Nandi. When the opinion of BSP spokesperson Moharram Ali was sought on the issue, he acknowledged the development but refused to comment any further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11670056", "title": "Aamir Khan calls Punjabis to vote sensibly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A surprise call from Bollywood's \"clean\" actor Aamir Khan is now urging residents of Punjab to exercise their right to vote and choose the most honest candidate. The call comes from an unknown landline number and the voice on the other side says, \"Main Aamir Khan baat kar raha hoon... aap sab vote kijiye aur soch samajh kar sabse imandaar aur saaf record vale candidate ko hi vote deejiye (This is Aamir Khan calling... all of you must think and vote to pick a candidate who is most honest and has a clean record).\"First-time voter Sunny Shergill, 23, was taken aback by the call but said it served the purpose of encouraging him to vote sensibly. \"Though it was both shocking and surprising, it was a wake-up-call for me. Initially, I thought somebody was playing a prank but after listening carefully I realized that it was actually Aamir Khan's voice,\" said Sunny, who is a resident of Zirakpur in Punjab.Kritika Sehgal, 22, an engineering student and another first-time voter, said she thought Aamir was actually talking to her. \"I was at home when I got the call and yelled out to my family members that Aamir was on the line. But then I realized that it was only a recorded message. Anyways, the message from my favourite star has motivated me to vote otherwise I had decided to boycott the polls.\"Khan's one-minute recorded message is being played randomly on selected numbers by Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), an NGO. \"Aamir Khan is known for his clean, non-aligned image and has emerged as a role model for many youths. One of my colleagues happened to meet him while he was shooting for 'Three Idiots' at IIM-Bangalore. He had expressed his desire to volunteer, without charging any money, so we roped him in,\" said professor Jagdeep Chhokar, founder member of ADR. Chhokar added that the messages are being flashed in all states going to polls. \"Three short films of Aamir have also been uploaded on our website to inspire people for clean voting,\" he said.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11669119", "title": "Their efforts won't go waste", "text": "NOIDA: With sanitation and solid waste disposal in shambles due to lack of a proper waste management system with the Noida Authority, residents have taken it upon themselves to handle cleaning and waste disposal work in residential sectors of the city.At present, the Noida Authority hands out most of the sanitation work in the city to contractors, who have been time and again alleged by residents of doing a shoddy work with cleaning and waste disposal in the residential sectors.While garbage rots in the open in several sectors, there always lurks the possibility of health-related epidemics breaking out. Various residents' welfare associations of the city have been constantly appealing to the Noida Authority over the past several years to establish a proper mechanism for ensuring adequate cleanliness in the city, but Authority officials are yet to wake up to the fact, allege the RWA members.Exasperated over this, a group of residents launched a cleanliness campaign in the city on January 27 under the name of 'Let's Do It! Noida' in association with a city-based NGO. Residents have organized a series of clean-up events over the next few days in various sectors of the city.The clean-up programme would include community involvement, self-reporting and measurable time-bound outcomes in line with the citizen's movement for similar activities that had been launched in Delhi in the year 2010 under the name 'Let's Do It! Delhi'.The programme in Noida has been launched by social activist Anita Bhargava, who had launched the campaign in Delhi, in association with city-based NGO Bharat Jagran Trust. After the success of the pilot project in Delhi, the model was replicated in other localities of the city and would now be implemented in Noida.\"The key elements of the model ward project system, which was successfully started in Delhi, would be implemented in Noida too,\" said Gaurav Bakshi, founder of Bharat Jagran Trust. \"Residents of the city have now taken the responsibility to clean their own sectors because the system of sanitation put in place by the Noida Authority has been less-than satisfactory. Residents and industrialists have been complaining for long now that improper sanitation is a dent to the image of Noida which is being projected as a world class city,\" added Bakshi.In Noida, the campaign is being supported by social activist Anoop Khanna who is also the Lok Satta party candidate for the assembly seat of Noida. The campaign does not have a financial model and is dependent entirely on the participation of citizens. \"Residents would henceforth blame no one for the poor sanitation of the city and will work in a full-fledged manner for keeping their sectors clean,\" added Bakshi.ayaskant.das@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11668018", "title": "Workshop on filing of annual returns", "text": "The Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture jointly with the Directorate of Industrial Safety and Health, Pune, has organised a half day workshop on 'Filing of annual returns under the Factories Act 1948' on January 31 from 3 pm to 6 pm at Quality Circle Excellence, at Telco Road, Bhosari.The workshop is for officers and personnel working in HR and personnel department of all types of industries.Medical camp : The Punjabi Cultural Association at Salisbury Park will be conducting a free medical check-up camp on Sunday, January 29 from 10 am to 12 noon. Doctors from various fields will attend to patients. Homeoptahy and ayurvedic doctors will also be available.Star-gazing programme : The Astronomica club has organised an overnight star-gazing programme on February 18 at Surya Shibir premises, Varasgaon. Special feature include, identifying Saturn and meteor shower. The participants will be introduced to Venus, Jupiter, Mars, seven sisters, Great Orion Nebula and others.BMS triennial conference : The 20th triennial conference of Maharashtra Pradesh Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS) will be held at Satara on February 5 and 6. K C Mishra, organising secretary, All India BMS, will inaugurate the conference. Delegates from organised sectors like industrial sector, banks, post, railway, state transport, insurance, telephones and electricity will attend the conference.Delegates from unorganised sectors like domestic workers, bidi workers, anganwadi workers, agriculture labour and construction workers will also attend the conference. A huge workers rally will be held on February 6.Human Rights programme launched: Justice Sambhaji Shinde, of the Aurangabad High Court bench launched the Human Rights and duties Education Programme at the University of Pune on Saturday. He inaugurated the online programme on the university website. Shinde highlighted the role of the Indian judiciary and international instruments along with specialised agencies of the United Nations in promoting and protecting human rights. Sanjay Chahande, vice-chancellor, elaborated upon the global significance of human rights programme in the contemporary educational system.He also focused on the relevance of human rights and duties education in the backdrop of recent incidents of gross human rights violation.Degree courses for drivers: Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Open University, Nashik will be starting the BA/MA (route transport) course for drivers in the transport sector and rickshaw drivers. A meeting has been organised at Dr Babsaheb Ambedkar Sanskrutik Bhavan on January 31 to provide information about the course. The drivers, employees from the transport sector have been invited to attend the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11669783", "title": "Megablock on Harbour Line", "text": "MUMBAI: Harbour Line services between CST and Andheri in both directions will remain suspended between 10.40am and 4pm due to the megablock on Sunday. Harbour passengers travelling to Bandra/Andheri will be permitted to travel via the main line and on WR from 10am to 6pm. A megablock will also be held on Thane-Kalyan slow line and Kalyan-Diva slow line between 11.15am and 3.15pm.South- and Konkan-bound trains will be diverted or regulated as CR will operate traffic blocks between Somatne and Apta station for the diversion of the existing Up and Down lines to new lines between January 30 and February 10. Passengers are requested to check the time-table before travelling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668556", "title": "Mass wedding in Virar today", "text": "MUMBAI: Nalasopara MLA Kshitij Thakur will wed in a mass marriage along with 950 other couples of various religions in Virar on Sunday.Political leaders, including chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil, along with religious leaders are expected to attend the wedding, to be held on a 250-acre ground on Chandansar Road.All roads leading to the venue have got a face lift. The Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway leading up to Virar has been beautified. Over 400 constables and 25 police officers will man the ground that is expected to see over two lakh people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668601", "title": "Sex racket busted, 4 held", "text": "MUMBAI: Four men-Parmeshwar Mandal alias Raju Pudina (33), Kailash Sav (30), Shetlal Mandal (27) and Kishor Mandal (27)-were arrested by the west region special squad police early on Saturday for allegedly running a prostitution racket in the suburbs.Officers rescued three women who were allegedly being used by the accused to solicit clients. Of the women rescued, two are Russian citizens while the third is Indian.The accused have been identified as . While Raju resided in Santa Cruz , the other accused are residents of Juhu.Officers said Raju was the mastermind. The squad had received specific information that women were being brought to Juhu to solicit clients. Teams were then formed and a decoy customer was sent to speak to the accused. Cops then laid a trap and nabbed the accused. We told the decoy to speak to Raju and fix a time to meet. We laid a trap outside Ajanta Hotel on Juhu-Tara Road at 3.30 am,\" said an officer. \"At 4.45 am, two cars pulled over. Raju got off one of the cars. The women were seated in the other car. As soon as he finished speaking to the decoy and agreed upon a sum, we moved in and nabbed him and the others We also arrested the others who were part of the racket,\" said assistant inspector Manish Awale.Assistant inspector Manish Awale said the police have recovered Rs 72,000 in cash from the accused. The accused told the cops that they used to contact clients and sent over the women after fixing the payment. They have been operating for a while and the police are verifying whether the gang has any past cases registered against them. The police are also probing the possibility of more persons being involved.The accused have been booked under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA). They will be presented before court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669653", "title": "2 held for thefts from cars", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vastrapur police has arrested two persons for their involvement in various incidents of theft from parked cars in Gujarat University and Vastrapur areas.The two arrested are Bunty Indrekar (27) and Praful Parmar (20). Vastrapur police said Bunty is a history sheeter and was earlier arrested under PASA. Bunty was released from jail in December, 2011.Soon after release Bunty began planning car thefts. He decided to adopt a new modus operandi. To put his plan into action, bought a new auto-rickshaw and involved one Praful Parmar. Parmar who was known to Bunty would to sit in the rickshaw posing to be a passenger. The duo would keep constantly looking for cars which had expensive bags or laptops in the front or rear seat.Once the car was identified Bunty would stop the rickshaw near the car and Praful would break the glass and take the items from the car.Vastrapur police said that the two were intercepted while in the rickshaw and a search revealed some goods which the duo had stolen.Police said on January 26, the duo stole $300 and a bag containing clothes. The cops searched Bunty's residence in Sardarnagar and found cash worth Rs 25,000 and clothes which were stolen from one Amalsasvi Halli's car in Vastrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "sonepat", "code": "11674967", "title": "Mild earthquake hits Haryana, no loss of life reported", "text": "SONEPAT: A low-intensity earthquake hit Rohtak and Sonepat districts of Haryana on Sunday but no loss of life or damage to property was reported.The quake, measuring 3.5 on the Richter scale, occurred at 4.55am, the MeT department said in Delhi.People rushed out of their homes in panic as the tremor struck.\"I felt tremors for nearly 40 to 50 seconds. I and my family rushed out of our house in panic,\" Birender, a resident of Sonepat, said.Officials said no loss of life or damage to property was reported from any part of the two districts.The earthquake with a latitude of 28.8 degree north and a longitude of 76.7 degree east occurred at a depth of 10-km, the MeT office said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11672939", "title": "Chips take over in class, kids byte", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students stare in boredom as a teacher scribbles the mundane definition of a volcano on a smart board. One of their peers goes up to the board and tweaks the drab description by attaching a video clip of a volcano from the Internet.In no time, the sleepy classroom is abuzz with questions, answers and activities. Enter the age of the smart classroom where digital blackboards, audio-visual rooms and interactive boards have replaced traditional blackboards and textbooks.Information and communication technology (ICT) integration has changed the way a subject is taught in schools.Smart classrooms and e-boards are not only making students more confident, but also active participants in the learning process. In many schools at least two periods are being conducted in smart classrooms on a daily basis.Today, teachers act more as facilitators, while ICT provides elementary, and sometimes even detailed understanding of subjects, feel educationists.\"Audio-visual rooms, resource centres with internet connectivity and talking stories have added a new dimension to the teaching methodology. Teachers play the role of catalysts and students are far more comfortable with computers than with books,\" said principal of Kulachi Hansraj Model School, Ashok Vihar, Pammi Datta.Not just smart classrooms, schools are also switching to tools like video conferencing to connect students and teachers with their peers across continents. Some have come up with concept of smart cards to issue library books and also track reading habits of kids.\"The smart card not only sends alerts to defaulters, it is also used to create lists of popular books and keep tabs on reading trends among students. The smart card has changed the way the school library is being administered,\" said principal of Ahlcon International , Mayur Vihar, Ashok Pandey.Be it DPS R K Puram, Springdales , Dhaula Kuan, Modern School, Barakhamba Road or Laxman Public School, power point presentations prepared by teachers and students and knowledge centres with all necessary equipment have become a norm.\"From computers and social networking sites to ICT boards, modern teaching tools have made inroads into many classrooms. Their acceptance in India is a positive trend. We have seen a qualitative change in the way teachers are sharing knowledge and how students are reciprocating. In fact, students are quicker in adapting to modern technology and teachers often learn something from their pupils. It couldn't get better than this,\" said principal of DPS, Mathura Road, M I Hussain.And with more and more schools trying to make learning a fun experience, no student wants to leave the classroom with any of his/her queries unanswered. \"We conduct six to seven periods daily for a class, of which at least two of are conducted in smart classrooms,\" said the principal of Amity International, Saket, Rekha Ranade.TAKING CTRLDIGITAL RESOURCE CENTRESCentres where teachers &amp; students can work on their projects with the aid of InternetE-MAILS AND NETWORKINGSeveral schools have created mailing groups to pass on class assignments to students. Networking sites act as platforms for students &amp; teachers to debate current affairsVIDEO &amp; PROJECTORSMost schools today use audio-visual media in classroomsPOWERPOINTAt numerous schools, teachers insist that kids make presentations. The slides are shared with the entire class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670756", "title": "'No substitute for quality time'", "text": "No child is 'born' spoiled. It's the parents who make them so, says child psychologist Urmi Chatterjee.\"I have worked with many families during my consulting practice - both affluent and those less so. I am amazed at how negligent parents - from both these income groups - can be towards their children's overall education. Especially the way they try to 'pay' the child for the parental time lost,\" said Chatterjee.Ironically, most of these well-to-do parents grew up in less affluent families themselves and their parents taught them to be financially responsible (which, by the way, probably contributed to their ability to create wealth). But they are, more often than not, raising their children in precisely the opposite way.Most of the time, a spoiling parent fosters self-centred behaviour in kids. According to the book 'How to Unspoil Your Child Fast' by Richard Bromfield, a psychologist at Harvard Medical School , parents spoil their children for myriad reasons. \"They are unsure about how to discipline children who mostly grow up alone; they're too tired and overworked to make an effort; they're afraid of damaging their youngster's self-esteem; or they fear that their children will become angry and dislike them.\"Some parents even spoil their children intentionally because it feels good: it gives them true pleasure to see their child happy, and they just always want that to happen. The result, as we all know, can be disastrous.Malini Bhagat, principal, M B Girls' High School, recalled some cases of spoiled children becoming problem students. \"The school has a trying time taming these kids, because they are materialistic and unable to share with others,\" says Bhagat. \"We often have to counsel the parents, asking them to spend quality time with their children. Love cannot be 'quantified'. We tell parents to return to the games they played as kids - Ludo, Chinese Checkers or Carrom. I wonder why parents no longer look for these games when they visit a shopping mall, instead of enviously eyeing the play station,\" she said.The single mom's advice to today's parents: \"I had to be doubly responsible for my daughter's upbringing. But I was always there on her special occasions. Her concerts, her sports day... I made time for her even if I was extremely busy. Instead of feeling guilty of not being there always, you should know how to make up in the most non-material way.\"No one is advocating a return to a strict and distant child-rearing style from the past. The Tiger Mom is a rarity. Even if parent-child relationships are not necessarily marked by emotional closeness, spontaneity and friendship that should have come more naturally to nuclear families, a mix of love and discipline works wonders.Chatterjee recalls an MBA mom who had left the laptop at her preschooler's disposal, after teaching him how to regulate the CD drive so that he could watch 'Tom and Jerry' all day. The result: the boy, now all of 11, needs hundreds of nightly reminders about the benefit of dental hygiene even though he's smart enough to memorise 493 species of Pokemon. The child also suffers from serious attention deficit in class, and now needs regular counselling sessions.Unchecked, a child's sense of entitlement and spoiled behaviour often spills over into the classroom and the playground, causing rejection from other children. According to a study conducted on 17,000 British parents and their children born mainly in the 1990s by the Institute of Education, London, there is almost no evidence that having a working mother adversely affects a child's long-term mental development. Other factors, such as emotional stability and quality of home life, are much more important.Says Rubi Sain, professor of sociology, Jadavpur University (JU), \"With ever-increasing demand and the cost of living steeply scaling upwards, most of the couples today are working individuals. The rising work load and the guilt of not being able to spend adequate time with kids completely bears a mother down.\" Says Sain, adding: \"The best solution is to remember two mantras. One, quality time spent together is always more important than quantity time. And two, never resort to money or gifts as substitute for quality time.\"Sain remembers her father's steady strictures and sighs gratefully: \"My father told me, 'I don't care if you don't like me now. I want you to like me when you're 40'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11670767", "title": "'Kolaveri Di' to echo at Beating the Retreat ceremony", "text": "BHOPAL: Rendition of the famous Tamil hit \" Kolaveri Di\" will be the highlight of 'Beating the Retreat' ceremony on Sunday, which marks the end of Republic day celebrations.State governor Ram Naresh Yadav will be the chief guest at the ceremony to be held at the Lal Parade grounds here at 4.45 PM. Nearly 150 personnel of police brass band and pipe band will perform at the 90 minute ceremony, which will remain open for the general public , said an official statement.Apart from album song, 'Kolaveri Di\", Raag Bhupali and famous western tunes have been included in the list of eight music tunes to be played during the Beating Retreat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11671837", "title": "18th from the left in the seventh row", "text": "That's as close as extras get to stardom. It's not surprising that the younger ones have stopped dreamingDerek Biswas hates his job. Sitting in a plastic chair in a room with peeling paint and ceiling plaster, the 39-year-old is overseeing a group of 10 dancers for a song being shot at Goregaon's Filmistan studio. He didn't come to the industry 22 years ago to do this. He wanted to be a star. \"I had a good personality. I knew I had a chance. My first film Jaan Tere Naam, starring Ronit Roy, was a hit,\" says Biswas. But when, shot after shot, he was a mere prop, he realised that for every dream the industry grants, it kills a hundred.His colleague Ashok Shahu aka Rocky came to the industry with Akshay Kumar in 1984. \"We would go from studio to studio with our portfolios to get a break,\" he says. While Akshay went on to become a superstar, Rocky's last high point was as a student in Aamir Khan's college in Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar.Theirs is the quintessential Bollywood extras story, which starts with ambition and ends in oblivion. The story of faceless people who dance inconspicuously behind stars or becoming part of the crowd that runs helter-skelter after a bomb blast. In their best roles they become sabziwalas or autodrivers and their best dialogue are \"Bhago!\" and \"Bachao!\". Much like Ravan and Eddie, the protagonists of Kiran Nagarkar's new book The Extras that has brought the life of Bollywood's hopeless dreamers back into focus.However, the '60s era that Nagarkar explores is being edged out by the new dynamics of the industry. The image of junior artistes, or extras, flocking to film city to see their Bollywood dreams die is fading into the realms of nostalgia.The increasing gloss in Bollywood cinema is taking the shine out of the extra's life. Those with average looks, as has been the badge of this tribe, are being edged out by good-looking, young people who sculpt their bodies at fitness centres.Add to this the increasing competition from models, foreigners and troupe dancers, as films embrace western sensibilities, and it becomes clear: Bollywood is choosing its extras much like it picks its stars.\"I stopped getting regular work as a dancer five years ago because I developed a paunch and lost hair. The industry doesn't want men like me,\" says Biswas.Both Biswas and Rocky are now committee members of the Cine Dancers Association that ensures regular pay and work. While Biswas has dedicated himself to union work, Rocky has been doing bit roles of men who shower money on bar girls.Several like them are faring even worse: working either as watchmen or renting out props. \"Earlier dancing extras could work till the age of 55. It didn't matter how you looked as long as you could dance. Now, few dancers expect to get work beyond the age of 30,\" says Rocky.A portly Mohammad Hanif, 53, who has been a junior artiste since 1979, says, \"We get demoted every year. We get pushed further into background and need lesser and lesser make-up.\"Young and realToday's lot, however, has been quick to read the writing on the wall. It doesn't care for dreams because reality is more pressing. Ramesh Yadav, a 27-year-old from Ghatkopar who worked in RA.One and Singham, says, \"People, by now, have realised it is futile to hope for the sky. We do this like any other job. Perhaps 10 of 100 nurse aspirations of becoming somebody. With our educational qualification, we would earn more or less this much in another job.\"The younger lot accepts that a Jeetendra or a Mumtaz - whose stories have fired many to travel from the hinterland to Mumbai - can no longer hope to be spotted out from a melee of extras.The pull of glamour is still there but the ambition is fast declining. At 24, Ashok Gosain aka Keith is one of the busiest dancers in the industry; at times clocking 45 days of work in a month with double shifts. \"After entering the industry, I realised acting was neither easy nor secure. There is too much struggle. So I try to make as much money as I can before age catches up,\" says Keith, who can make Rs 1-1.5 lakh, at Rs 3,000 per day.In eight years, he has worked in over 200 films and earned enough for two hair-grooming salons and a house in the suburbs. \"I am preparing to buy another one,\" he says.Glamour stuckIn the midst of cynicism, you also meet 62-year-old Mehmood Baig. \"My father was a junior artiste in Naya Daur and Mere Sanam. I debuted at eight in a Dara Singh movie and still get work, mostly cop roles. My biggest role was in the Suniel Shetty-starrer Anth, where I play a constable shot by a corrupt sub-inspector. I even had a wife in that film,\" he says. \"Ratna, the junior artiste who played my wife, is director Rohit Shetty's mother. My son Amanullah is an extra in Rohit's new film Bol Bachchan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11669432", "title": "Aaja Nach Le", "text": "The Republic Day and Lohri celebrations at Sarabha Ladies club were full of the vibrancy of Punjab and its spirited culture on Saturday. An energetic giddha performance by Monika Mittal, Priyanka, Bawa Maini, Annu Aul and Ritu Batta set the stage on fire. Their infectious positive energy soon caught other members who joined them and danced on a medley of Punjabi songs amidst claps and applauses.A special Punjabi dance solo performance by Fabia Walia, who is here from United Kingdom, also attracted loud applause and cheers from the audience.Avinash Kaur, who was the programme coordinator, said the show was choreographed by Bindiya Sood and conceived by director of the club, Shammi Bindra. Annu Mehra, president of the club, greeted all the members of the club along with her team that included Neelam Mahendra, Sarita Aggarwal, Meenu and Satwant Kaur. She thanked and appreciated the members who participated and performed in the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "11668179", "title": "Need to preserve cultural heritage: Hema Malini", "text": "AURANGABAD: Actor and Bharatnatyam exponent Hema Malini on Friday urged people to preserve and promote cultural heritage and ancient dance forms. She underlined the need for cultural festivals in every region to promote ancient art and boost tourism.Hema Malini was speaking after performing with her daughters Esha and Ahana Deol at the Ellora Ajanta Festival at Soneri Mahal on the Bahasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University campus on Friday evening.The actor said she was happy that the audience here didn't expect her and her daughters to give a Bollywood-type performance. \"It was a great experience performing the traditional dance at the festival\", she said.This was the second time that the actor was performing at the Ellora Ajanta festival. This time, however, Esha and Ahana accompanied her to present the \"parampara\" (tradition), choreographed by Deepak Mazumdar and \"Guru ravindra atibuddhi\" for which music was provided by Ashit Desai. The \"parampara\" depicted the handing over of values and virtues from one generation to another.\"Parampara\", was a jugalbandi of two traditional Indian dance forms - Bharatntyam and Odissi. Hema Malini began the programme with traditional \"pushpanjali\" followed by an invocation to Lord Ganesh in Bharatnatyam style and subsequently she was joined by her daughters who performed Odissi. Later, Shalu Jindal, gave an enthralling Kuchipudi performance followed by spectacular Kuchipudi presentation by renowned dancing couple Raja and Radha Reddy.Earlier, chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad, inaugurated the festival. He appreciated the efforts made by Anand Kulkarni, principal secretary tourism, for his initiatives to restart the festival after a gap of three years. He also appreciated the efforts of district collector and chairman of the festival committee Kunal Kumar and the joint director of MTDC Dilip Shinde for ensuring the success of the festival.Divisional commissioner Bhaskar Munde and municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar too were present at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670738", "title": "We indulge our kids, but also keep them grounded: Celebs", "text": "I compensate for the time lostRituparna Sengupta , actorThe profession I am in is so demanding and work hours are so erratic that I hardly get any time to spend with Ankan. He is only eight and I understand how much he misses me and that he would like to have me around all the time. But that's hardly possible, given my schedule. Sometimes I take him to my shoots. But what about the long hours he must spend with himself? Even if I am in the house, we are not together because he's asleep when I return at off hours. Naturally, I pamper him a lot as I feel obligated to compensate for the time lost. His current addiction is the latest machine guns and gaming. However, I don't always indulge him with expensive gadgets and toys. I also try to get him books or a badminton racquet to increase his concentration.My daughter has to earn her giftsSreelekha Mitra, actorSpoiling my kids with expensive toys? I wouldn't hear of it, especially since I wasn't brought up that way. My six-year-old Oishi (Sanyal) has been firmly told that she can't always get what she wants. She has to earn her gifts like her parents do. But I do indulge her at times. Oishi loves watching movies. So I've got her DVDs of Charlie Chaplin , Disney movies and Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne. Books are also something I make a conscious effort to give her. She must develop a regular reading habit. That way, she will develop clarity of thought and stay grounded.My son is used to the 'No'sAgnimitra Paul, fashion designerBeing a parent is a full-time job. So, it's really difficult when we have a full-time career to contend with as well. My 9-year-old son Vignesh does adjust a lot with a mom who has to cope with career pressures. Like any other kid of his age, he, too, sometimes asks for inordinately costly gifts - work stations, video games that needed constant and expensive updating. I would constantly refuse him, saying I can't afford all that. He is used to my constant 'no's and has accepted life without costly belongings. He does ask for certain things. Most of the time, it's a treat at a popular fast-food joint. I don't mind giving that to him.He gets a reward for being goodSaheli and Dibyendu Barua, chess-playersDishan is completely crazy about gaming. On his 10th birthday he wanted a PSP player and on the 13th, he wanted a PlayStation. Naturally, we had to give in. Since both of us have a very busy schedule, we can hardly spend time with him. Dishan always asks for a reward if he has behaved well and been obedient. For instance, if he has eaten fish for a month without complaining or has come home with good results, it would naturally be our duty to award him with something worthwhile. Parenting is fun - for both sides. Of course, we are also careful not to spoil him.(As told to Ankita Chaudhuri and Ajanta Chakraborty)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669074", "title": "Govt told to give cash, assistance to rape victim", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the absence of any laws providing compensatory justice to a rape victim, a trial court has directed the Delhi government to rehabilitate a gangrape victim, who suffers from a neurological disorder, and give her a compensation of Rs one lakh.Citing a recommendation made by the United Nations for the rehabilitation of rape victims, Additional Sessions Judge Kamini Lau recommended the government should rehabilitate rape victims as part of the 'restorative and compensatory justice' when it is not possible to get compensation from the offenders due to their poor background.The court's directions came while sentencing five men-Mukesh, Prabhans Yadav, Deepak, Ravinder Kumar and Rajeev-to life imprisonment after holding them guilty of kidnapping and raping the minor girl in March last year.The court has also asked the Delhi government to replace the traditional forensic techniques used for evidence in rape cases by DNA profiling as it is more reliable and effective in ascertaining the offender. The court, which also imposed a fine of Rs 27,000 each on the five convicts, said the probe agencies and the state should ensure that in rapes cases, where the identities of the accused was not known, DNA-matching be made mandatory for effective dispensation of justice.The court said the copies of its judgement should be sent to the Delhi government and police for formulating a policy to ensure the accused in such cases are not let off.The victim, who was \"a patient of neurological disorder and weak mental capabilities,\" had come to visit the maternal family of her mother in Jahangirpuri last March when the accused dragged her to the slum and held her captive for three days.Rejecting the defence's plea to take a lenient view of the poor background of the accused while deciding their quantum of sentence, the court said, \"The convicts went on to commit the ghastly, abominable, inhuman and barbaric act of rape, violating the person of the victim despite her medical condition giving a lifelong trauma to the victim and her family. Even during the trial of the case the convicts were hostile to the proceedings and exhibited a belligerent and aggressive behaviour showing little respect for the process of law thereby compelling the court to step in and direct their further appearance through video linkage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "11669506", "title": "Forest dept mulls to put up warning signs on Mysore highway", "text": "ERODE: Forest officials have planned to install awareness boards warning of animal crossing and against speeding of vehicles on the Dindigul-Mysore national highways 209 to avoid accidents like the one on Friday in which an elephant died after rammed by a Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) bus.\"The boards will help identify animal crossing areas and elephant crossing areas. We have planned to conduct a meeting with national highways officials to create speed breakers on the NH 209. Hereafter , we would take stringent action against drivers who ram or run over wild animals. They will be booked under sections of the Wildlife Protection Act,\" said district forest officer N Satheesh.The boards will be in Tamil, Kannada and English.On Friday, a 30-year-old female wild elephant was killed when a KSRTC bus rammed the animal near Hasanur, Sathyamangalam. The KSRTC bus was going to Mysore from Coimbatore. The elephant was crossing the road to reach a stream.According to forest officials, the bus driver tried to avert a collision but failed. Forest officials said the driver would not be booked under the Wildlife Protection Act since the accident was intended.The driver, it seems, was blinded by the 20-feet tall bushes beside the road which effectively hid the elephant. Bushes along an eight km stretch road near Hasanur would be cleared to prevent any such accident in future, said DFO Satheesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11668216", "title": "Modi to share successmantra with Sierra Leone", "text": "PATNA: In the last five years, Bihar's still unfolding turnaround story under the Nitish Kumar-led government has generated much interest both nationally and globally. The state, which scholars loved to dismiss as \"benighted godforsaken land\", has emerged as an inspiration to rise from the kind of ruins that normally mark economically underdeveloped and politically war-torn Third World societies.Now, the government of Sierra Leone in Africa has found a parallel in the experience of seemingly unredeemable two-decade-old violence and social strife witnessed in Bihar since the 1980s. It has evinced interest in picking up a few themes from Bihar's recent story to rebuild its own country.As it is, the African nation on Saturday sent a formal invite to Bihar deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Saturday to attend a conference. Herbert M'cleod, director of three-day 'Sierra Leone Conference on Development and Transformation' and adviser to his country's president Ernest Bai Koroma , minced no words in this regard when he said: \"(Sierra Leone) is beset with problems similar to those prevalent in Bihar just over 10 years ago. Bihar, however, seems to have achieved a rapid turnaround and is now experiencing rapid growth while maintaining a stable and peaceful society.\"The three-day conference begins in its capital Free Town on January 30 for a \"rethink\" on the part of its government with regard to its \"development strategy and to chart a way forward towards peace and prosperity after 50 years of Independence.\"M'cleod's invite to Modi added, \"While we recognize the cultural and other differences that may render the full replication of the Bihar experience in Sierra Leone difficult, we believe that there are many lessons that could be gleaned from your transformation story that could be useful to Sierra Leone. In particular, a description of how you were able to overcome difficult odds will contribute to galvanize our population into action.\"While the conference would bring together 400 participants from \"various walks of life\", including members of the Sierra Leone diaspora , Modi would present the Bihar story for 30 minutes and then face the question-answer session for 45 minutes, apart from interacting with the media, including a televised debate, as M'cleod has mentioned, \"on the challenges you encountered in effecting the dramatic transformation\" in Bihar. Modi is leaving for Sierra Leone, located along the southern rim of western Horn of Africa along Atlantic Ocean, from Delhi on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11668972", "title": "Three arrested in arms racket case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Acting on the information provided by a supplier, who was caught on Friday, Krishnanagar police busted an illegal weapon factory, recovered arms and equipments and nabbed three miscreants on Saturday. The miscreants were identified as Naresh Vishwakarma, Suresh Vishwakarma and Amvol Vishwakarma, all residents of Fatehpur district.The supplier, who was identified as Lovely Tiwari, on Friday had told the police that most of the firearms, which were seized by the police was to be delivered to a politician of adjoining district. Besides, the police said that the illegal arms factory operators also got orders from local contacts of several politicians.The detailed report about the local contacts' connection and movement and purpose of ordering illegal arms is yet to be ascertained.According to the police, Lovely Tiwari had told the police that illegal firearms were being manufactured illegally at Fatehpur district. However, the team on reaching there came to know that they have only recently dismantle the unit here and have shifted somewhere in Lucknow.A tip off was also received that they have shifted to a half-constructed house at DUDA Colony, Alinagar in Krishnanagar police station area, said a senior police official. A police team raided the place and found three people involved in making illegal firearms. Other than arresting three persons, the police recovered two country-made pistols of .315-bore, four half-made pistols also of .315-bore and equipment meant for making illegal firearms.According to the police, the miscreants have till now, they have sold around 150 country-made pistols for supplying to various persons and they used to charge Rs 1,500 for each of the pistol.Police said that Amvol's father Late Horilal Vishwakarma was a dreaded criminal and had around 18 cases against him. Similarly, Suresh Vishwakarma, who is 65-year-old, is a graduate and had also done diploma in technical education. He had been to jail on at least half-a-dozen occasions in Kanpur and Fatehpur.In the same way, Naresh Vishwakarma runs a general store in Fatehpur on the ground floor and had been running illegal arms factory from the basement of his shop. It was from here that the miscreants moved to Alinagar only couple of days back.The police on Friday had busted a major firearms racket in Lucknow and recovered over a dozen country-made firearms of different bores including a carbine and a 9 mm pistol from a native of Fatehpur district.In all, the police recovered 50 live cartridges of various bores, apart from 11 country-made single shot pistols of 315 bore and one that of 12 bore. Police also recovered a stein gun and a 9 mm pistol. Though all the firearms were country-made, the stein gun and 9 mm pistol were of exceptionally high quality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "11670176", "title": "One more black buck shot by poachers in Bishnoi belt", "text": "Fatehabad: Even as the wildlife department was yet to come to terms with the death of eight black bucks, who fell prey to dogs, allegedly owned by poachers, one more black buck was allegedly shot down by unidentified poachers in Bosti village near here during wee hours of Saturday.The incident took place in the green belt near Sati Mata Mandir of the town, where two villagers, Mulk Raj Fauji and Ram Kishan, claimed to have heard gunfire sound. Moving towards the origin of sound, they found a black buck gasping, in a pool of blood. Before they could rush the herbivore to a vet clinic for treatment, it succumbed to bullet injuries.Bosti is a Bishnoi-dominated village, who hold black bucks in high esteem. Residents soon assembled in the village common place and started protesting against inaction by wildlife department. Meanwhile, wildlife officials headed by inspector Dwarka Parasad and wildlife guard Jaswinder Nehra rushed to the spot.The postmortem report submitted by the board of vets has confirmed that the animal died of gunfire. \"The bullet pierced its body and there were traces of explosives in the body, which confirms death due to gunfire,'' sources said, quoting the postmortem report.Confirming the incident, wildlife officials said they have started investigations after registering a case against unidentified poachers.This is the ninth case of black bucks falling prey to poachers in the Bishnoi-dominated belt of Hisar and Fatehabad recently. Earlier, six black bucks were found dead in Hisar between January 10 and 17. Later two more fell prey to dogs in Hisar and Fatehabad. Demanding immediate arrest of poachers, the Bishnoi community has threatened to block roads in case the wildlife department failed to stop the killings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11669382", "title": "Nagaur to get drinking water from Indira Gandhi canal", "text": "JAIPUR: After finding presence of excessive fluoride, nitrate and salinity in drinking water to have caused health problems in Nagaur, the government has decided to use water from the Indira Gandhi canal for supply to the district with the help of Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) funds.Union minister of Rural Development Jairam Ramesh has recommended to the department of economic affairs (DEA) a proposal for the Nagaur Lift Water Supply phase II for external finance assistance from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).The proposal is for supply of surface water from the Indira Gandhi canal for the fluoride affected district of Nagaur and will cover 978 villages and seven towns.The cost of the project will be Rs 2,938 crore out of which Rs 339crore will be funded by the Centre under the National Rural Drinking Water programme (NRDWP) and the state share Rs 400 crore. The revised loan amount for the project from JICA is now Rs 2,199 crore.Nagaur Lift Water Supply phase II executive engineer Parshuram Verma said, \"The phase II would be completed by 2016-17. We will start reducing ground water supply in the district and supply water from Indira Gandhi canal.\"He said Nagaur lift project phase I would cover 502 villages while phase II will cover 978 villages.Nagaur district fluorosis consultant Dr Manish Soni said, \"We have seen that most of the children have yellowish and weak teeth because of the presence of fluoride in the water being used for drinking purposes. Also, the excessive fluoride in water is affecting bones badly. But, the most frightening part is that such ailments are all irreversible. The damage caused by fluoride cannot be repaired.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669192", "title": "Parties may field only men on general seats", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is going to be a tough battle for sitting women councillors to get election tickets this time. With Delhi Election Commission notifying 50% reservation for women in three municipal corporations, political parties have decided not to field women candidates from general seats.Though the new arrangement has increase the number of seats for women by 46, it has displaced an equal number of sitting women councillors whose seat has been reserved for general category.\"It is out of question to field women candidate on general seats. We have to maintain a balance between men and women councillors in the new corporations. With 50% reservation for women and 16.87% for scheduled caste, there is hardly any seat left for men in general category. We have to give these seats to men candidates,'' said Vijender Gupta, president, Delhi BJP. Congress councillor and leader of opposition in MCD House, JK Sharma agreed and said, \"We have decided that women will not fight election on general seats.We have to keep in mind the interest of men councillors,'' said Sharma.In the new seat arrangement, several important women candidates have lost their seats. Delhi Mayor Rajni Abbi, chairman of appointment and promotion committee and councilor from Kohat Enclave Meera Aggarwal and city zone ward committee chairman and Congress councillor from Ballimaran Renuka Gupta are among the 50 women councilors who have lost their seats.These councillors are hoping political parties will take into account the work done by them before deciding their fate. For two-time BJP councillor Meera Aggarwal, the ward doesn't matter. \"I fought the first municipal polls from Model Town and second from Kohat Enclave(in Rohini). I had no problem in connecting with people as people in Kohat Enclave knew about me and the work I had done in Model Town. The party will keep in mind the work done by us,'' said Aggarwal.Some councillors have even started making arrangements with women councillors. \"Now my seat has been reserved for women but it is not a problem as I can contest from the ward number 21 seat. The sitting woman councillor from Rohini and I will exchange the seats as her seat is reserved under general category,\" said Harish Awasthi, BJP councillor from Rithala. However, the councillors agree the final decision will be taken by the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11669675", "title": "Politicians condemn hooliganism", "text": "Political parties have criticized Saturday's attack. Gautam Sonawane, chief of the Mumbai unit's RPI (A), led by Ramdas Athavale who has tied up with the saffron alliance for the BMC polls, said his party was opposed to attacks on the media.\"The RPI stands for the freedom of the press,\" Sonawane said, but added that in turn the media should verify stories. No senior BJP leader was available for comment. Shirish Parkar, general secretary, MNS, said: \"The Shiv Sena has become very touchy. It takes to heart every bit of news. The MNS condemns the attack in the strongest possible terms.\"He said the \"Sena's touchiness\" could be attributed to its bleak prospects in the BMC polls. The Mumbai Press Club and the committee against attacks on journalists condemned the violence. \"The government should make such offences nonbailable,\" said S M Deshmukh, convenor of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669265", "title": "Sheila puts slum rehab on hold", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the civic polls slated for April, chief minister Sheila Dikshit is in no mood to antagonize her voters living in the slums of Delhi. With many not meeting the eligibility criteria for allotment of EWS flats, the state government is now planning to steer clear of initiating relocation of slums from the list of 33 to be taken up in the first round.The allotment process was to begin in January but this now stands suspended in all likelihood till after the polls, said sources. Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board (DUSIB) with the CM as its chairman has postponed the plan to relocate and consequently allot flats to eligible candidates from economically weaker sections in areas like Bawana and Narela for now.Instead, DUSIB will be focusing in the coming weeks on finding more eligible residents and reaching out to those who didn't apply for the flats in the slums slotted for relocation in the first round.The CM's office had issued a statement in December that the DUSIB will start allotting flats to JJ dwellers in January, as per its relocation plan. Initially, 1,400 flats were to be allotted under the first phase of relocation. Dikshit had then directed DUSIB to immediately start allotment of flats as per relocation plan. It was decided to issue allotment letters in January in case of 1400 beneficiaries putting up in 13 clusters out of 46 clusters identified earlier for this purpose.However, the state government decided to go slow in January. The CM, in the DUSIB meeting in December, approved an action plan to make Delhi a slum-free city by 2015. The Board will take up phase-wise relocation of a large number of clusters after a six-month interval.There are 685 JJ clusters in the city of which 352 have come up on DDA land and 333 on the land of various departments under the city government. The Board will first concentrate on relocation of these 333 clusters, while DDA, Railways and CPWD will take up relocation work as per DUSIB guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11669084", "title": "Man gets death for trafficking drugs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the first ever case of capital punishment in a drug crime, a special Narcotics court has awarded death penalty to a person while sentencing an African national to 15 years' of Rigorous Imprisonment.The court of Special Judge (Narcotic Drugs and Physchotropic Substances Act) Shalini Singh Nagpal awarded death sentence to one Paramjeet Singh for trafficking 10kgs of heroin and supplying it to an African national Sestus Benson in 2007.Till now the maximum punishment in drug crime has been RI and a heavy fine.\"Paramjeet was arrested by the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) on November 30, 2007, from Chandigarh's Sector 39 when he was illegally delivering 10kg heroin to Benson. What made his crime grave was that Paramjeet was out on parole granted by a Delhi court in another drug trafficking case,\" NCB special public prosecutor Kailash Chander said.This is the first ever case of capital punishment being awarded in a drug trafficking case. Benson has been awarded a RI of 15 years and a fine of Rs 1.5 lakh by the court, Chander added.NCB zonal director Rohit Katiyar confirmed the development and said the judgment in the drug case was historic and would act as a \"deterrent in illegal drugs and crime cases\".\"This is a historic judgment which will go a long way in curbing the menace of narcotics abuse in the country, especially amongst the youth,\" Katiyar said.Paramjeet was earlier arrested by the agency in Delhi in 2005 and was granted parole by a Delhi court and the Chandigarh court not only relied on this fact but also the NCB probe to deliver the judgment under the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Physchotropic Substances Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bangalore/mumbai", "code": "11669472", "title": "Scientists pan govt on Nair ban", "text": "BANGALORE/MUMBAI: Top scientists in India, including chairman of the Prime Minister's scientific advisory council Prof C N R Rao, have asked Centre to revoke its decision to bar four senior Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) scientists from government jobs. They said the decision was too harsh and threatened the integrity and credibility of scientists who have put in decades of work.Scientists slammed V Narayanaswamy, minister of state in the PMO, for demoralizing remarks and said they should be allowed to work freely, given their integrity, immense experience and talent.\"I am completely upset by the statement that the action is a warning to scientists and the scientific community. Are scientists worse than criminals? Why are you treating scientists worse than the corrupt? This is not the way to handle the issue and not the way to speak about scientists,\" said Rao.\"Madhavan Nair has been the head of a department. If at all there was an issue, a letter could have been handed to him and the matter done with. Something could have been communicated in a dignified, quiet manner. What was the need for such drastic action? Scientists with immense experience and contribution to the country's development should not be barred from work. That's not the right way to go about it,\" Rao said.Aerospace scientist and member of space commission Prof Roddam Narasimha agreed with Rao that the matter could have been sorted with a communique. \"Some such thing could have been done, a letter or written communication,\" he said.Former Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) chairman Anil Kakodkar said any new technology requires fresh bold steps. The Antrix-Devas deal was meant to involve new technologies. \"I think there should be willingness to take bold steps,\" he said. \"If bold steps are not taken, it could be disruptive. Yes, I agree, rules have to be adhered to. But if new areas are not explored, it can prove disadvantageous,\" said Kakodkar.Reacting to Narayanswamy's statement, former Bhabha Atomic Research Centre director A N Prasad said, \"What sort of a statement is this? Is he aware there are checks and balances in the space and atomic energy departments, and a single chairman cannot take decisions unilaterally?\"Prasad said, \"What about the role of ministers, bureaucrats and politicians? Does it mean only scientists can do something wrong?\"Former project director of Chandrayaan-1's moon imp- act probe, Madan Lal, said, \"What are we to make of such statements. It's extremely strong and can be demoralizing and humiliating. It'll demoralize people who work in hi-tech areas. It can certainly prove disadvantageous to future Isro projects.\"In the space and atomic energy departments, serious decisions involving major financial implications are not taken by a single scientist, but by the space and atomic energy commissions, which have representatives from different departments. \"For example, there is a representative from the PMO and former scientists and a financial representative,\" said Prasad. \"In such a scenario, how can you blame only scientists?\" he said.Former AEC chairman M R Srinivasan refrained from commenting on the minister's controversial remark. He, however, said scientists of departments of space and atomic energy have always acted with integrity. \"What has happened in my opinion is only an aberration,\" he said.Srinivasan said, \"In my opinion, it's a grave omission not mentioning to the Union cabinet that two communication satellites would be used by Devas. It was certainly an extraordinary lapse,\" he said.Nehru Planetarium director Arvind Paranjpye called Narayanswamy's statement unfair. \"Professionals know their jobs. Such reprimands are laughable,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670397", "title": "The joke is on us", "text": "Jeremy Clarkson's humour is so right-wing that he is seen by many as an oaf in blue denims who makes a living by driving around and saying stupid things. Last month, when British unions organized a huge strike,the 'Top Gear' presenter tried to mock it. \"I'd have them all shot in front of their children,\" Clarkson said about the striking workers. Of course, the unions demanded his head and Twittersphere erupted in outrage, but British Prime Minister David Cameron refused to condemn Clarkson. \"It was a silly thing to say,\" Cameron said. While some people wondered if Cameron was being too soft on his buddy Jeremy, media commentator George Eaton put the debate to rest. \"It was an unfunny joke that required no comment from anyone. If you don't like Clarkson's brand of humour (I don't ), switch over,\" Eaton wrote in his blog.Switching over or learning to ignore jokes - good, bad or ugly - is something alien to India's political class and some compulsive agitators, who seem to be always on the lookout for jokes that \"offend\" us. Whether it's Clarkson's inane jibe at Indian toilets, Jay Leno's harmless humour about the Golden Temple, the Bhagavad Gita case in Siberia or Salman Rushdie's visit to a literary festival, the government has been quick to react. It has shot off letters of protest to foreign governments, discussed the issue in Parliament and floated stories about imaginary assassins so that some \"sentiments are not hurt\".Why is the government being so prickly? Are we not becoming a joke ourselves by raising these issues? \"The government has no business getting involved in such matters. These should be left to civil society. But the government gets involved because of a misplaced sense of commitment to the agitational tactics of certain groups or individuals,\" says Ranjit Gupta, a former diplomat. \"The Jay Leno joke is not a foreign policy issue. It's not a bilateral issue between India and US. Why is the government raising it with the US state department ? It doesn't make any sense.\"Many serving diplomats also feel \"embarrassed\" by the government's stance on Clarkson, Leno and Rushdie, but they can't talk about it openly. \"This government is showing a high level of intolerance. We are in danger of being dubbed another China,\" says an Indian ambassador posted in Europe. \"We can't just keep talking about being the world's biggest democracy; we have to behave like one by showing our commitment to free speech.\"It is not just freedom of expression that has come under attack in recent months, the idea of India as a liberal society has been shaken by those who are supposed to protect it. \"Governance in India comes in the iron-clad armour of bureaucracy. Anyone in uniform considers it his or her right that we regard them as some sort of deity. I am not talking here of grand legislations or draconian laws but instead of an attitude of absurd arrogance,\" says Amitava Kumar , USbased academic and writer who, along with three other writers, had to leave Jaipur after they read passages from Rushdie's Satanic Verses.At Jaipur, as a bunch of anti-Rushdie protesters issued threats, the government merely watched while the writers and organizers felt the heat. \"The whole Rushdie affair was a government failure. There are more serious issues at home that demand its attention but it's busy raising nonissues with foreign governments,\" says Gupta, the former diplomat.Why this touchiness? Is it the arrogance of an emerging power? Or has the GOI suddenly lost its sense of humour, if it had one to begin with? Whatever the reason, India is in danger of becoming a censorious society where jokes are not tolerated by the government even if people don't mind a good laugh. \"Indians have a fantastic sense of humour. The problem is with the government which is too sensitive about issues it shouldn't be. We are not only the world's biggest democracy but also the world's biggest hypocrisy,\" says stand-up comedian Papa CJ. \"If an Indian talk show guy shows the Vatican as the summer home of a politician, do you think the Vatican would react? No. They understand humour. Here, politicians get offended on behalf of others.\"And when it comes to religion, the politicians have perfected the art of getting offended. \"We live in a cynical system where the powerful are able to exploit the demand of the aggressive few, from whichever religion or group, to bargain for more power or cynical advantage,\" says Kumar.This cynicism has few takers. In a survey conducted by this newspaper on the eve of the Republic Day, most young people said they saw dynastic politics and muscle and money power as the biggest threats to Indian democracy. No one saw Leno or Clarkson as a threat to the idea of India.But if the government really wants to shut them up, it could start by providing toilets to the 650 million people who defecate in the open. Till then the joke is on us - the people of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11669563", "title": "Ferocious cocks, feverish wagers", "text": "COIMBATORE: S Anantha Kumar, 27, from Chemmedu, 35km from here, is making his way to an event of near mythical proportions. He has come with the requisite baggage - a cock belonging to the 'kahavallur' tribe that is larger than his torso. As he takes a turn on the winding road, the large field suddenly become visible. On the field are parked over 2,000 bikes and 100 cars. On the field are over 200 others like him-- with cocks, many of them fed on a rich diet over the last few months in anticipation of this event.Welcome to the first legal cockfight staged in Nathegoundanputhur near Coimbatore in over a decade. Sources confided privately that many illegal fights have happened in the meantime, each one followed by a police crackdown. \"Lakhs of rupees are involved in these fights,\" said an anonymous caller over phone. He refused to divulge his identity, but even as the TOI team watched the contest, wagers for thousands of rupees were being made over each fight.The whole machinery rests on a simple, seemingly fickle instinct between two cocks to find out which is the best one.The fights at Nathegoundanputhur date back to the Chera-Chola-Pandya era when such cockfights were royal events. Says V V Palanisamy, \"The cocks are fed a rich diet of ragi, cumbum and kondakadalai. After six months of this diet, they are also given grains and coconuts.\" Palanisamy, who is from nearby Vellakinaru, is 68 and owns 20 cocks. He should know. \"Events such as these happened even in the time of Agasthiyar according to the Panchapakshi Sashtram,\" he said.In the modern era, especially in recent times, the cockfights were banned as they were deemed to hurt the birds. But V M Kathirvel got the Madras high court to permit the cockfight on the grounds that it is a tradition that should not be abandoned. Putting several checks and balances in place, the HC then permitted the cockfight under the watchful eyes of the police. Over 20 police personnel were at the event to keep peace. \"Nothing untoward has happened so far,\" said A K Thangapandian, inspector of police, Alanthurai. He ruled out the possibility of blades being attached to the legs of the birds to give the event a dangerous edge.Sunday is the last day of the four-day event. 200 cocks are fielded every day. The health of the birds is determined by a doctor, who is present at the venue as directed by the Madras HC.N M Shanmuga Sundaram, who is holding the event in the field belonging to his nephew. \"There is no entrance fee. I am just doing this for fun. We are glad to have a tremendous response,\" he said.He was right. All roads led to Nathegoundanputhur on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669115", "title": "Infant girl falls into 15-foot pit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Friday was an important day for Mehsana EMRI 108 team as Radha Vasava, a one-year-old girl, completely recuperated and was sent home.Radha had fallen into a 15-foot deep pit at a construction site near Kadi on January 10, and was rescued due to presence of mind of EMRI 108 team.According to EMRI 108 officials, they received a call at 2.27 pm from Kadi that a baby has fallen in the pit at a construction site.When a team of driver Nilesh Pandya and paramedic Jitendra Parmar rushed to the spot, they found that Radha was a daughter of one of the construction labourers present on the site.When her mother was busy with her work, the child crawled to a nearby pit and fell in.\"There was no way a person could enter the pit and get her out. She was too small to hold on to something. The only way was to dig another pit near the site and rescue her. Pandya suggested to the rescuers that they dig a 20-foot pit adjoining to the pit and rescue the girl after breaking the first pit from below,\" said Jayesh Gupta, regional manager, GVK EMRI 108.A JCB available on the spot was used to conduct the operation,\" he addedBaldev Rabari, operation executive, EMRI 108, Mehsana, said that after 45 minutes of operation, the desired height was achieved by digging after which the paramedics made an opening in the first pit and rescued the girl.\"Radha was hurt a bit and was afraid. We got her out and took her to a private hospital nearby. We are happy that quick rescue operation saved the girl's life,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi/imphal", "code": "11668371", "title": "Manipur polls: Live webcasting from 60 booths", "text": "NEW DELHI/IMPHAL: Election Commission officials said as per preliminary official reports, 82% of the 17.40 lakh electorate cast votes in Manipur, first of the five states to go to polls, on Saturday. But details from nine districts had not been received. Deputy election officer Alok Shukla said in New Delhi that the comprehensive voter turnout would be known later as polling continued till late due to long queues. He said voter turnout could be higher. In 2007, turnout was 84.7% that fell to 67.8% during parliamentary election in 2009.Apart from a bid to capture a booth in Chandel constituency - in which seven people were killed- and a few stray incidents, polling was peaceful in the Imphal valley. Presiding officer Ibotombi Singh and suspected NSCN(IM) militant Benhenson Nulla were among those killed. An identity card showing him as a teacher of a Dimapur school and a pistol were recovered on the militant. Meanwhile, an IED was recovered near a Congress worker's house in Sagolband in Imphal West.Elaborate security arrangements were made to prevent militants from disrupting polls. The EC deployed an additional 350 companies of CRPF besides 25,000 state police personnel. Army and Assam Rifles jawans were deployed for area dominance exercises.A total of 279 candidates, including 15 women, were in the fray for the 60-member Manipur assembly. The EC had set up 2,365 polling stations and appointed 19 general observers, nine police observers and 13 expenditure observers, besides 64 assistant expenditure observers and 135 micro observers for smooth and fair polls in the state. While two helicopters were also pressed into service and video cameras used in these polls, live webcasting of polling was done in 60 polling stations.Political fate of leading Manipur politicians has been sealed now. This includes CM Ibobi Singh (Thoubal), forest minister and congress leader Debendra (Jiribam), Congress nominee and Speaker I Hemochandra Singh (Shingjamei), ex-CM and NCP chief Radhabinod Koijam (Thangmeiband) and Manipur People's Party (MPP) leader and former deputy CM L Chandramani Singh (Patsoi).Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh, who is eyeing a third term in office, was the first person to cast his vote at Thoubal Athokpam Primary School polling station in Khangabok constituency at 7am. His wife, Landhoni Devi, is seeking her re-election from the Khangabok seat. Ibobi is contesting from the neighbouring Thoubal. The CM said he was confident of Congress getting an absolute majority. \"We will get a minimum of 35 seats and it could go up to 45,\" he said. On the 11 Naga-dominated seats, Ibobi said the Congress would win at least 50% of them.Senior NCP leader Radhabinod Koijam, the CM candidate of the opposition alliance, People's Democratic Front said he was confident of NCP winning 12 to 15 seats.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11669576", "title": "Participants' skills put to test", "text": "KANPUR: The second day of Techkriti witnessed grey matter at work with the study of business cases in events like Battlefield and Ideas and a number of quizzes.Participants from various institutes attended talks by eminent persons like Richard Stallman , Philip Leduc and Marcus Nortan, who mesmerized the audience with their ideas and experiences.Richard Stallman, founder of GNU, which led to the immense popularity of the UNIX/LINUX systems, addressed on 'Copyright v/s community in the age of computer'. Philip Leduc is the creator of world's smallest fuel cell. Marcus Norton is head of water at the carbon disclosure project (CDP), an independent not-for-profit organization working to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and promote sustainable use of water by businesses and cities. Deepak Mohanty, executive director RBI, delivered a talk on 'Capital flows: Challenges and opportunities'.Workshops on ethical hacking, RC Aircraft, Sixth Sense Robotics and Cloud Computing were the major crowd-pullers, managing to give vital inputs for the participants to hone their skills.Preliminary contests of various events like SocCon, Junkyard Wars, Ideas, Battlefield, Embedded, Geareloose, Impulse, Cruise Control, Brain Waves, Hoverbots and others were held. Preliminary of Instant, a competition to check the ability of the competitors to make instant decisions based on the limited amount of information, created frenzy among the competitors.Entrepreneurs' Enclave, meant to provide a platform to the participants to learn from the world of entrepreneurship, also got underway.Besides, the hard work and the grind, the participants also enjoyed at the casino and the mega-world. These informal and fun-filled activities provided refreshment to the participants. The day ended with intense anticipation for more competitions.Meanwhile, exhibitions at Techkriti are attracting large crowds. This year a number of exhibitions are being conducted, bringing technologies and innovations from various parts of the world.Some of the international exhibitions are ARS Electronica BrainBattle, a game in which two players play against each other with brain computer interfaces; Rezero which is a unique Ballbot, able to balance and drive on a single sphere; Gridbot, first telepresence robot; Papero, a ghost train which allows the users to create their own digital graffiti and City Cluster AvatArts, which is a high-speed digital framework and virtual-reality networking matrix in a high-tech framework. Other international exhibitions are Urban Wiki, Robosoft System, Eye-tracker, Aldebaran Nao and Bladeless Fan.Small-scale Indian innovations like 'mitti cool', pedal and gravity bridges, train and car anti-collision safety devices and breathing sensor apparatuses are being exhibited and provide the participants an experience to cherish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668845", "title": "Man arrested for rape, circulation of video clips", "text": "MUMBAI: A Vangaon resident has been arrested for allegedly raping a married woman, filming the act and blackmailing her into having sex with him for a year. The accused even sent the MMS clip to the victim's husband.The accused, Dhananjay alias Bharat Wayda (29), and his accomplice, Anuradha Dhumal (24), both residents of Vire village at Vangaon in Dahanu have been sent to police custody till January 30.In January last year, Dhumal invited her 24-year-old neighbour to Wayda's home. They offered her tea laced with sedatives, said the police, adding that after the victim fell unconscious, Wayda raped her while Dhumal filmed the act on a mobile. Wayda later blackmailed the victim with the clipping and raped her on several occasions. The woman bore the torture as the accused had threatened to circulate the images, the police said. In January this year, Wayda allegedly sent the video to his friends as well as the victim's husband. When the victim's husband asked Wayda to delete the clips, he allegedly demanded Rs 5 lakh.The victim and her husband moved somewhere else, but Wayda continued to blackmail them. On January 23, he reportedly threatened to make the images public, when the couple went to the police. \"We are ascertaining if Wayda is involved in a sex racket,\" said API Sunil Takavle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11670734", "title": "MP Govt offices to have Atal's photo", "text": "BHOPAL: Ahead of Madhya Pradesh assembly polls scheduled for next year, the state government wants to enliven the BJP poster boy Atal Bihari Vajpayee by placing former prime minister's photo in all government buildings and offices.\"We are going to put Vajpayee's photographs in government offices and this work is going to be completed in a year,\" State Public Relations and Culture Minister Laxmikant Sharma told the TOI.\" We are sure, people will certainly draw inspiration from the great leader Atalji's photographs to work for nation building,\" he asserted. \"We are already celebrating Atalji's birthday as good governance day in MP,\" Sharma said.Claiming that the plan to put up BJP patriarch's portraits in government offices has nothing to do with politics, he quipped \"Nothing should be read into it. What's wrong if we put our leader's photographs. Pictures of other leaders too are there in government buildings and offices, he said.The minister said the state PR department will procure the photos and route it out to government places.The government has plans to adorn educational institutions, hospital, health centres, police stations, panchayat offices and other places with Vajpayee's photograph.Vajpayee has a strong bond with Madhya Pradesh. He was born on December 25 in 1924 at Shinde Ki Chhavani, a town in Gwalior district after his grandfather, Shyam Lal Vajpayee, migrated to Gwalior from his ancestral village of Bateshwar, Uttar Pradesh. He attended Gwalior's Victoria College (now Laxmi Bai College), and graduated with distinctions in Hindi English and Sanskrit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11669736", "title": "Gujarat govt finds getting rid of excess power difficult", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Already a power surplus state, Gujarat government's much tom-tommed campaign to further augment the state's power generation capacity through solar energy, too, is facing a roadblock. Well-placed Sachivalaya sources said, with another 578.40 MW of solar power all set to be added by end of this month to the overall power capacity of Gujarat of 13,314 MW, the state government doesn't know where to use it.In fact, the state's march towards solar power will not end this month end with 578.40 MW. \"By the middle of this year, we will have, in all, nearly 1,000 MW of solar power plants, highest anywhere in the country. They will be ready for operation within the next two to six months,\" a senior official said. Gujarat, a power surplus state by 2,000 MW, is already finding it difficult to sell the traditionally generated power it produces to the national grid and other states, and now solar power is being added to the list.Out of 170.40 MW of power plants which were commissioned by December 2011, the state-owned Gujarat Energy Transmission Corporation (GETCO), which must use up all the solar power, is unable to evacuate more than five per cent of power. While the official view is, this is a \"temporary problem\" due to a technical snag which will sorted out soon, insiders suspect this is connected to the \"problem of plenty\" in the power sector.Indeed, the state government wants the Government of India (GoI) to share the burden of extra solar power to be produced here by making other states buy solar power as a promotional activity. \"We want the Centre to back our solar mission by buying up beyond 500 MW produced in Gujarat\", the senior official underlined.Already, solar power is proving a drain on coffers. For every unit that the state's large number of solar power plants produce, the state government signed power purchase agreements (PPAs) to buy power at the rate of Rs 15 per unit. The only precondition was, the power plants should be commissioned on or before January 28, 2012.After the deadline of January 28, the state government is under pressure from entrepreneurs to continue providing the same rate, instead of going to Gujarat Electricity Regulatory Commission (GERC) for reducing it below Rs 10. \"To promote unconventional energy, the state must give more time to entrepreneurs to commission projects instead of discouraging them,\" sources in Solar Energy Association in Gujarat opined.The top solar entrepreneurs who have represented for giving more time include Moser Baer, Lanco, Tata Power Renewable, Sun Edison, Alex Astral, Surana Telecom, to name a few.\"As of today, the state government is adamant. It wants GERC to bring down the rate for buying solar power to Rs 7.49 per unit. This would discourage those coming to invest in the sector,\" a source added.A reduced rate for those commissioning the project is not the only penalty the so-called defaulters may have to face. A senior official said, \"Those who fail to commission by March 31, 2012 will have to pay up Rs 10,000 per MW per day of delay. Those who revoke the guarantee will to pay Rs 50 lakh per MW. There is no question of going back on any of these issues.\"Total number of solar power plants to be 'ready for use' by January 28, 2012: 54Capacity: 587.40 MW", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11669654", "title": "Visitors lap up the real Bengali delicacies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At Kalibari temple in Sector 47, there was none who wasn't hungry on Saturday. And the reason was the Bengali food festival, which brought the taste of authentic Bengali kitchens at the delightful occasion and made them feel home. Mouth watering, homemade Bengali delicacies, including heeng kachori, doodh phuli and dum aloo with puri struck a \"delicious\" emotional connect with Bengali residents of the city.Surprised by the \"authenticity and purity\" of the dishes like ghugni and pati sapta, visitors claimed the dishes had the exact taste as those made in their native place.\"It is amazing to experience the original taste of Bengali food here! This is the first time I have visited this food festival and the taste of these dishes is untouched by any geographical distance,\" said Adish Basu, a visitor.Such was the popularity of heeng kachori that the counter ran out of it despite scores of people still wishing to taste it. \"Yet another dish that left every one wanting more was doodh phuli,\" said Ramesh, who visited the food fest along with his family.The organizers said the authentic taste could be served at the food festival because of the two newly set up shops providing Bengali spices and raw material. \"Earlier, Bengalis had to use other alternative spices from this part of the country. But, getting the \"real\" taste is easier now as the proper raw materials and spices are available in Chandigarh,\" said Neel Kant Das, a visitor.As the food festival was organized inside the temple premises, all dishes were vegetarian and prepared by homemakers without onion and garlic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11672312", "title": "Diary of a single girl", "text": "Why is he being so unreasonable?January 23, Week 35My man of the moment read my last post where I'd raved about being in Paris, and he is now sulking big time. He called me after reading the post and declared that he was taking me to Paris on a five-star vacation. I refused and he is so pissed. I really want to do this myself. Backpack-style. And I want to do it my way.I think what he is really mad about is what if my statement of finding the happily-everafter kind of love in the City of Lights were to actually come true. Well, we are great together, but I don't see him as the one I will grow old with. Not yet anyway. He of course, laughs that off and thinks I am a child who doesn't understand what she wants and what is good for her (him, I guess ). I don't know if it's me or just men in general, but they all want to save and protect me.From my father, brother and the men in my life - that has been a constant. And that's something I have always rebelled against with a vengeance. I cherish my freedom and am quite capable of taking care of myself. Ralph doesn't want to accept this, and he went on and on about how I shouldn't travel by myself or with my gal pals as it's not safe. He even mentioned the film Hostel in which girls travelling alone in Europe meet a gory end. I laughed at that, and he stormed out of the house.I had to run after him and drag him back to the couch. Then he began ranting about not having known of my plan and having to read it on my blog. I tried explaining to him that this had been on my mind for months, and much before we got together, but there is just no pacifying his hurt male ego, is there? Then he said that though I refuse to go with him, he should be the one planning where I stay. He wants to make all the bookings and reservations, and wants me to fly first class. He was even ready to extend funds for my friends when I told him that they might not be able to afford five-star hotels and first class travel. Models don't get paid that well!Anyway, I refused his sweet offer in the sweetest possible manner, but I have hurt his ego and it will be a while before things become normal again. He has dropped the subject for now but I know he's going to bring up the topic again, and get me to try and change my mind, which isn't going to happen. Then he will call me stubborn and I will accuse him of trying to control me. It's a pattern that I have been through with all my boyfriends. Why is he being so unreasonable? It's the same reason why I broke up with his brother. He tried to control what I did in my career and now this one wants to tell me what I can and can't do in my personal life. Next he will read this and get madder. Arrrgh! This is so frustrating. I am going to go and blast Britney Spears' Overprotected on my iPod now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670294", "title": "Why thin-skinned India gets prickly heat", "text": "Why does India - official India - suffer from recurrent bouts of prickly heat? Why is it more prickly than a porcupine given an electric shock? Why is India so ready to take offence at the slightest real or imaginary affront to its feeling of self-importance and throw a temper tantrum like a peevish brat?Think of a child suddenly given the freedom of a home, to do in as he will. The child might well, as children tend to do, open a wardrobe and put on adult clothes, even though they are too big for him. Dressed in these over-large clothes, clomping along in shoes too big for his feet, the child goes out into the grown-up world, and tries to modulate his voice and vocabulary so as to sound like a grown-up. Will his disguise pass muster? Will grown-up people take him to be not a child, to be patronised or ordered about, but a grown-up just like them? Nervous and unsure of himself, the child suspects, rightly or wrongly, that people have seen through his disguise and are sniggering behind his back. The harder he tries to act like normal adults do, the more strained and strange his behaviour becomes, till it finally provokes - or he thinks it provokes - the mocking laughter that he has all along feared. And the child's response to that real or imagined scorn is to do what children invariably do when they feel that the adult world is not taking them seriously enough: they throw a tantrum.India only too often behaves like that child trying to pass himself off as a grown-up dressed in borrowed clothes. India has been described as an ancient civilisation but a young nation. Over 60 years after Independence, it often acts not just as a young nation but as an infantile one.Today, India has all the outward appearance which would qualify it to be a grown-up in a grownup world. Besides being the world's largest and most diverse democracy it can also claim to be the second fastest-growing economy on the planet. It has nuclear capability and space-age credibility. If anything, its increasing influence as a global soft power is even more impressive than its 'hardware' achievements, be it in terms of armaments or automobile production. From Bollywood to new-age gurus, from yoga to basmati rice, Brand India has earned itself international recognition. It's all dressed up and ready to sit at the high table with the rest of the global grown-ups.And then, out of the blue, with little or no provocation, it spoils the entire effect by squalling like a schoolchild who feels he's been given an unfair spanking. The cause could be anything or nothing. An Indian dignitary travelling abroad is subjected to a routine security check on arrival because of a communication glitch. A television host talks about the lack of public loos in India. The writer of a book suggests that a hallowed Indian idol may have had feet made not of clay but of all too human flesh.Instead of brushing them off as the non-events that they are, India reacts with the moral outrage of a juvenile who, instead of a promised ice-cream, has been given a slap across the face. How dare those infamous foreigners treat us so shabbily! How dare they not take us as seriously as we ought to be taken! Call their ambassador and give him a bollocking! Cut off diplomatic ties! Burn their national flag! What causes this transformation from grown-up India to a bawling brat? Could it be a fear that the world has seen through India's adult disguise - its economic success and its strategic clout - and is treating it like a slumdog ragamuffin, a raggedy waif which can't adequately feed or shelter the great majority of its population?Like a child dressed up in grown-up clothes, India can't bear to be laughed at. At least, official India can't. Unofficial India, as represented by the greatest citizen it has ever produced, is a different matter. When asked how he had dared to present himself at Buckingham Palace in little more than a loincloth, the Mahatma famously replied with impish good humour that the worthy he was visiting there had more than enough clothes for the both of them.Better than air-conditioned malls or limousines, the loincloth of laughter is the best antidote to India's thin-skinned prickly heat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11669870", "title": "Software engineer dies at Kodaikanal", "text": "MADURAI: A Bangalore-based software engineer died while taking bath in a jungle river at Kodaikanal during a trip with his girlfriend.His girlfriend Vinitha (28), a dentist, told the police that he drowned in a stream near the resort they were staying in an inebriated state. Police said P Chengappa (30), a resident of R T Nagar in Bangalore, was working in a software firm as an engineer. He had visited Kodaikanal along with Vinitha on January 26.The couple had rented a cottage at a resort in Pethuparai. On Friday evening, the body of Chengappa was found in Anjuveedu river. Vinitha rescued the body with the help of resort staff.\"The postmortem has confirmed that the youth had died due to drowning. The body has been handed over to the relatives of Chengappa,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11670184", "title": "New pvt univs in limbo as files gather dust in edu min's office", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With education minister Geeta Bhukkal sitting over files for the past about one month, the much hyped initiative to promote the concept of private universities in Haryana has hit a roadblock.With this, the wait for thousands of students, seeking admission to various specialized courses in IT, tourism, education and science and medicine is likely to be longer, sources said. Though officials in higher education department refused to comment, it is learned that files in respect of three such universities were lying at the minister's office.Enquiries revealed that a committee headed by chief secretary Urvashi Gulati had given a go ahead to town and country planning department to issue a letters of intent (LoI) to managements of three private universities so that they can start new sessions by April/May 2012.In December last, the committee had cleared the cases of three universities for issue of LoI after final approval by the minister. The universities were to be promoted by former MDU VC J D Gupta's son Pranav Gupta, who also heads a phrama major in the region, management of Manglam University and another private university.Sources said that files are held up as the minister wanted to have a one-to-one meeting with representatives of managements. While efforts to contact Geeta Bhukkal, who is on an inauguration spree with chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , failed, S S Prasad, financial commissioner/principal secretary, higher education, expressed inability to comment. \"How can I share this information? I don't talk like this,\" he said.In June, 2006, Haryana cabinet had approved setting up of private universities in the state. Since then, only six such universities have been set up, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11673028", "title": "Childhood abridged, its a race to adulthood", "text": "NEW DELHI: With easy access to a variety of information through Internet, todays kids are getting a taste of adolescence much earlier. The radical change has both parents and teachers worried. They fear that, in the process, kids will only end up hurting themselves.A 13-year-old wants to wear make-up; a fourth-grader speaks of commitment in a relationship; ninth- and tenth-graders meet at hookah joints clearly, childhood is not cricket in the rain or playing house anymore. Kids are hurtling into adulthood experiencing adult issues, dealing with adult problems and the innocence associated with that age is conspicuous in its absence.Parents, teachers and an army of counsellors and psychiatrists are grappling with a version of childhood that is radically, and unrecognizably, different from what they went through.Some worry about it;others try to keep up;everyone is concerned that children will trip up and hurt themselves.For consultant psychiatrist Avdesh Sharma, the first problem is the existence of and easy access to a mass and variety of information. Children are capable of absorbing a lot but arent mature enough to process the information, he says. Once made aware of what is happening, they are curious about it and want to try it. And in the absence of parental supervision common in nuclear families with both parents working they have the freedom to do so. The info-blitz adds to the confusion;images on TV desensitize the child.The first experiments with alcohol, cigarettes and drugs are happening much earlier in the life of a youngster than before and many are getting addicted. Shazia Rehman, the mother of a 13-year-old, for example, would be relieved if her daughter shows a little more interest in makeup and flashy earrings, considered a lesser evil.That maturity is setting in early is evident from the advancing of menarche in girls and puberty in boys. Its advanced by more than a year. Children are exposed to material sooner, says Sharma. Multiple television sets, for instance, killed the practice of entire families gathering to watch the same programmes. Kids in their closed rooms watch whatever they like.I used to be, like, really bad, confesses Ishita Sharma (19), a first-year college student. In school, she had a rap sheet a mile long. Assault, vandalism, arson shes done it all. Ive set fire to a desk and broken all the glass on my floor, she says. Physical fights are common;students buy and use mobiles in secret;not getting their way, they threaten to commit suicide.Astha Bajaj, counsellor, DPS Mathura Road, has noted the increase in violence in school physical and otherwise. Bullying is increasing along with teenage depression and school refusal, she says. Lifestyles have changed drastically. Kids hold expensive parties with hookah and alcohol. They think drugs are a part of socializing, she says.For Lata Vaidyanathan, principal, Modern School, Barakhamba Road, it is a matter of providing the right environment for kids to polish skills picked up through lateral learning. Kids now are very independent, smart and tech-savvy with greater processing speed. But it is incorrect for us to assume they are valueless, she says. We should give them the freedom to choose. If they go wrong, we must give them time to correct themselves.Use peer learning to your advantage, says Vaidyanathan. If we want kids to say no to drugs, well give them a rock concert and ask them to compose the lyrics. You cant reject digitalization;you have to create a generation that can hold its own in a digitized world.Bajaj points out that other than peers, older siblings, too, contribute to the loss of innocence in kids. I once had a fourthgrader telling me he wanted to get committed, she says. Hed learnt it from his brother. Some issues can be tackled by open conversation increasingly a rarity. Even neighbours hesitate to alert parents if they see something.Opening up of the media has made available a large cast of role models. They often belong to other cultures. If kids try to follow them, a reality at odds with the present gets generated, says Sharma. To parents, its just a poster. They rarely know the implications behind such adoration.The media also presents images of violence and danger. The freedom of evening trips to the park, tearing about residential colonies, staying out with friends , has been curtailed by threats of crime and terrorism. The ability to have good fun, to go out without being restricted is a sign of a free society, observes Sharma. That doesnt happen here.(Some names have been changed)SIGNS OF TROUBLEWithdrawal and increased isolation from peer circles Becoming highly secretive, locking himself or herself in his/her room for a long time Getting obsessed with one particular thing TV programme, social networking site or video game Making excuses to skip school frequently Developing tendency towards lying, stealing and violence physical and verbal Threatening to commit suicide or run away if a demand is not met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11669814", "title": "Dark and unsafe in Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: It's all dark here. Apart from other sectors, street lights are non-functional on the road leading to the residence of Panchkula's deputy commissioner and municipal corporation commissioner Ashima Brar.The non-functional street lights in sectors 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 12, 12A, 14, 15, 16, 21, under bridge Mansa Devi complex, is not only making them a crime prone area but also encouraging mishaps.When contacted, municipal corporation executive officer O P Sehag said he will surely get all of them rectified within a week. \"Things are not expected of the municipal corporation commissioner Ashima Brar, the person who is responsible for the maintenance of the city. When the officer is not bothered about the street light problems outside her own house, why would she bother about the city,\" said Guneet Chawla, a resident of Sector 4, Panchkula.Not only the surrounding areas of the residence of the DC are plunging into darkness, but the lights in the internal lanes of all sectors are also not working. Guneet added, \"Recently, I had a narrow escape as taking advantage of the fused streetlights some guys started misbehaving with me, but somehow I drove my scooty hurriedly. Are the authorities waiting for a mishap to happen before they take any action?\" questioned Rashmi Khanna, a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula, who works in a private company at IT Park.\"Recently, I banged my bike into a stationary car because of absence of streetlights. The administration has made a mess out of this planned city,\" said Vikram Girhotra, a resident of Sector 12A, Panchkula. \"Non functional street lights are actually a direct indication of the callous attitude of the authorities. Even the situation outside MC commissioner's house shows the state of mind and intentions of the authorities,\" said former councillor of Sector 10, Panchkula, B B Singhal.Several attempts were made to contact Panchkula deputy commissioner and municipal corporation commissioner Ashima Brar, but she failed to respond. When contacted the MC EO, O P Sehag, said, \"We will assure that all the lights would be corrected within a week.\"Previous IncidentsOctober, 2011: A 24-year-old resident of MDC, Pooja was found murdered near an under-construction shop in the wee hours. After her beau Sunil was nabbed, he confessed to have killed her in the area because there were no street lights aroundNovember 2011: Ashok Kumar , in his late forties, and a resident of Ambala, died when he hit his bike in a stationary truck on NH-73, while he was on his way to Barwala. Kumar was driving the bike but he did not notice the truck on the road and as a result rammed into itDecember 2011: In a hit-and-un case, Subash Chawla in his late fifties and a resident of Sector 25, Panchkula, was killed after his bike was hit by a car near Sector 10, Panchkula. When the driver of the SUV was nabbed by the police, he confessed that he could not see the bike driver as nothing was visibleOctober 2011: Shikha Sharma, 32, along with her six-year-old son rammed her scooter into a pavement near the market in Sector 6, Panchkula, due to non-visibility as the street lights of the area were not working. The duo escaped with serious injuries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11670768", "title": "2008 bomb planting accused arrested", "text": "SURAT: Habib alias Habibfalahi Shaikh (25), an accused in the 2008 Ahmedabad bomb blast and Surat bomb planting cases, was arrested by the city police and brought here on a transfer warrant from Ahmedabad.He was part of SIMI's sleeper cell and belongs to Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh. He was associated with Indian Mujahideen and had worked as maulvi in Azamgarh. He undertook training at the IM organized camps in Kerala and Madhya Pradesh. The city police are investigating his role in the planting of bombs in Surat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11667933", "title": "Discover your own model, Myrdal tells communists", "text": "KOLKATA: There is no fixed prescription to turn around the beleaguered fortunes of the Communists in India, feels Swedish author, political writer and columnist Jan Myrdal. His comment comes in the wake of huge electoral setbacks the Communists have suffered in the past three years.Speaking at an informal discussion with writer Mahasweta Devi at the Kolkata Book Fair, Jan - the son of social democrats and Nobel laureates Alva and Gunnar - said each country needed to evolve its own model instead of following a foreign one.\"Discover your own model instead of trying to ape the Soviet, Chinese or Latin American model,\" Jan said at the interactive session organized by Frontier Weekly, founded by poet and journalist Samar Sen.\"There are no easy solutions to major setbacks, no quick fix to resolve issues and escape from hard times. I cannot do crystal ball gazing or offer a prescription. All I can suggest is that a broad alliance or front can be formed. This is the crucial time to emphasize on practice and organization,\" Myrdal said.Jan has lived in India, Iran, Afghanistan and the United States at varioustimes of his life. Two years ago, Myrdal had interviewed Maoist general secretary Ganapati.Politically, Myrdal belongs to the far Left and has been an advocate of anti-colonialist and anti-imperialist causes. His influence on the political life of Sweden was most prominent during the 1970s, when he was one of the main intellectuals of the radical Left of the time, which culminated in the Vietnam War protest movement, of which he was a central figure.Unlike many of his former supporters, Myrdal has maintained his views to this day. Though his direct political influence is less evident outside radical Left circles, he remains a notable figure in political and cultural debate and a popular author.Mahasweta Devi, who spoke of her work with a denotified tribe in the Jangalmahal and described the abject poverty and lack of basic amenities like water, healthcare, sanitation and roads, said the hardships they faced on a daily basis could not even be imagined by someone not acquainted with life in Jangalmahal. \"The problems in Jangalmahal cannot be solved from outside. To do so, one needs to integrate with the people,\" she said in reference to \"the government's attempt to tackle insurgency in the area through firepower on the one hand and development blitzkrieg on the other\".Swedish author, Left political writer and columnist Jan Myrdal feels there is no fixed prescription to turn around the beleaguered fortunes of the Communists in India. His comment comes in the wake of developments, controversies and disillusionment surrounding Communists in the country following electoral setbacks over the past three years.Speaking at an informal discussion with writer Mahasweta Devi, Jan who is the son of social democrats and Nobel laureates Alva and Gunnar, said each country needed to evolve its own model instead of following a foreign model.\"Discover your own model instead of trying to ape the Soviet, Chinese or Latin American model,\" he said at the interaction was organized at the Kolkata Book Fair by Frontier Weekly founded by poet and journalist Samar Sen.\"There are no easy solutions to major setbacks, no quick fix to resolve issues and escape from hard times. I cannot do crystal ball gazing or offer a prescription. All I can suggest is that a broad alliance or front can be formed. This is the crucial time to emphasize on practice and organization,\" Myrdal said.Jan has lived in India, Iran, Afghanistan and the United States at various times. Two years ago, Myrdal had interviewed Maoist general secretary Ganapati.Politically, Myrdal belongs to the far-Left and has been a fervent advocate of anti-colonialist and anti-imperialist causes. His influence on the cultural and political life of Sweden was most prominent during the 1970s, when he was one of the main intellectuals of the radical Left of the time, which culminated in the Vietnam War protest movement, of which he was a central figure.ssssUnlike many of his former supporters, Myrdal has maintained his views to this day. Though his direct political influence is less evident outside radical Left circles, he remains a notable figure in political and cultural debate and a popular author.Writer Mahasweta Devi, who spoke of her work with a denotified tribe in the Jangalmahal and described the abject poverty and lack of basic amenities like water, healthcare, sanitation and roads, said the hardships they faced on a daily basis could not even be imagined by someone not acquainted with life in Jangalmahal.\"The problems in Jangalmahal cannot be solved from the outside. To do so, one needs to integrate with the people,\" she said in reference to the government's attempt to tackle insurgency in the area through firepower on the one hand and development blitzkrieg on the other,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "11675429", "title": "Three killed, 100 injured as BNP workers clash with police", "text": "DHAKA: At least three people were killed and nearly 100 others injured today when riot police opened fire during clashes with the activists of Bangladesh's main opposition party BNP who were demanding the restoration of the caretaker government system to supervise general election.An opposition party activist was shot dead in southeastern Laxmipur during clashes with the police, witnesses and reports said. Two rickshaw pullars, one being a Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) workers, were killed in neighbouring Chandpur district as clashes erupted between police and activists of BNP and the largest Islamist party Jamaat-e-Islami, a key ally of the the main opposition.The Awami League-led coalition of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina last year scrapped the neutral caretaker government system to oversee general election which is due in early 2014.Seeking the restoration of the caretaker system, the main opposition and its allies had called for a mass protest demonstration over the issue today.Police had earlier banned all political rallies today in the capital amid fears of violent clashes between the BNP and the cadres of the ruling Awami League party who had also decided to take out rallies.The police used gunshots and rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse opposition activists who took to the street defying the overnight police ban on rallies and protests across the country, they said.The activists of the BNP retaliated with bricks and bamboo sticks, injuring several policemen and setting police vehicles on fire on the streets as at least 10 people were reportedly undergoing treatment for bullet wounds.Hassan Mahmud Khandkar, the Inspector General of Police said an investigation has been launched into the deaths while security arrangements were beefed up as both BNP and Awami League rescheduled their planned demonstrations for tomorrow.\"We will not allow any attempt to expose the public to threats and violence,\" he underlined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11674209", "title": "Won't experiment now, says Nicolas Cage", "text": "Nicolas Cage has stopped experimenting with his appearance.The 48-year-old actor used to enjoy changing his hairstyle but insists he now plans to stay the way he is and won't be growing out his locks in the near future.Discussing his role as Cameron Poe in 'Con Air', he told Empire magazine: \"The look was a little bit country, more of a Southern look from the 70s.\"I've always tried to experiment with different looks, but I've stopped doing that now.\"You probably won't see me doing any different hairstyles for a long time.\"Nicolas also admitted he \"flipped out\" while filming 'Face/Off' though he isn't sure why the movie - which saw his character swap faces and personalities with John Travolta's alter ego - disturbed him so much.He added: \"That was a dark experience. There's a scene where I'm in prison shouting, 'I'm Caster Troy' and if you look carefully at that scene, there's a moment where I look really scared.\"I don't know what happened, but it really flipped me out. I got really scared I was locked into that situation\"The idea is to make it looks easy and to have fun with it, but the subject-matter, even though it was far out, got in my head at times and it wasn't always pleasant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lambi", "code": "11670187", "title": "Tandoori parantha for battle-ready CM", "text": "LAMBI: For once the towering gates and the much taller stone walls that hid a cauldron of activity, looked fading into tranquillity. The elderly politician has just returned after making his last attempt to defend the empire. Men in blue suits wearing security badges do not have to deal with queues of people any more. At 15 past five, Sukhbir Badal's SUV enters the Badal house in Lambi.The cooks do not have any food to make for the people waiting in the rooms.Harsimrat's (Sukhbir Badal's wife and Bathinda MP) two pugs are lazing around with a cat crossing Sukhbir's vehicle. \"Make some tea and get some biscuits. No food for me. I want to relax for next 45 minutes,\" says a tired-looking Sukhbir.His crumpled kurta and dreary eyes suggest he has had a long day. He retires to his room when someone tells him that \"bibbaji\" will be reaching late, around 10pm. Sukhbir's close aide, Happy, makes a mention that SSP Fazilka is getting transferred. \"Quickly call up Manish,\" he orders.There was a brief flurry of activity as 15 people from Badal troop in to report some sort of violence during campaigning at Sukhbir's rally at Maur. Between that, TV crews arrive and are asked to stay inside a hall where several sports channels are running on 32inch LCD screens.Around 6.15pm, there's more activity as Parkash Singh Badal arrives home. There are people waiting. Badal is taken into his empty room by his doctor where he is about to be served a glass of milk and some paranthas. The neighbouring kitchen 100m away, lights up a tandoor. \"Badalsaab nu aaj tandoori parantha te peele daal deni hegi,\" says Dr Padda, his physician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11671976", "title": "It\u2019s a shame that Sonar Kella is crumbling", "text": "Director Aniket Chattopadhyay talks about his 'Goraay Gondogol' experienceYou've featured Rajasthani folk artiste Queeny Harish in a song from \"GG\". Is he the new-age Chapal Bhaduri? Rajasthan has this culture of male dancers dressing up as women. Queeny Harish is quite a star. It's a sight to see him transform into a woman. However, he is no new-age Chapal Bhaduri. In fact, right in the beginning he told us that he isn't gay. Queeny perhaps is part of the other marginal characters that feature in the film.Why did you want to focus on marginal characters? Sub-altern characters aren't essentially bad. Rather, the levels of hypocrisy in them are far less than what one finds in the so-called upper or middle class. My comedy has a motley cast of Rudra (pickpocket), Saswata (blacker), Rajatava (kidnapper), Locket (sex worker), Manasi (brothel owner), Koni (lifter), Kharaj (country liquor shop owner) along with Kanchan (cop) and Biswanath (lawyer).A song from your film is a queer takeoff from \"Amake amar moto thakte dao\"... I don't agree with the concept of Anupam's song. We can't have compartmentalized existences. Maobadi ra nijeder moton thaklo ar CRPF ra nijeder moton thaklo eta toh hoe na. In the film, when a ringtone goes \"Amake amar moto\", I have the song \"Na sala thakte debo na/dur sala thakte debo na\". While Souvik has composed the song, Pratik, Ananya, Somlata, Kharaj, Rudra and Dipankar have lent their voice to it.While you've made Saswata dance in your film, did you ever try to convince him to get a cellphone for himself? Saswata has danced for the first time in his career. But convincing him to get a cellphone is difficult. He'll then have to shed his image of being the phantom of T'wood. Just like Aranyadev, it's only he who decides when to reach out to a person. Let him remain the sole person in the world who gives out his wife's number when people ask for his.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668259", "title": "Centre backs consolidated BRT", "text": "PUNE: Inconsistencies in planning and implementation of the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) projects in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad by both municipal corporations, has spurred the central government to push for a consistent and consolidated project for the Pune Metropolitan Region.The union urban development department has asked the Pune Municipal Corporation to take up works to connect two BRT routes - the first on the Aundh-Ravet corridor and the old Mumbai Pune highway. These two routes are being developed by Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation.The directions, which came at a high-level meeting attended by municipal commissioners Mahesh Pathak and Ashish Sharma, also said that the concept of a dedicated BRT should not be compromised at any cost. The ministry has suggested that the design of the existing corridor on the pilot route between Katraj-Swargate and Swargate-Hadapsar should be revised to include a fully segregated BRT. One of the important changes in the offing could be that bus stations will now be located in the median.About operations and planning, ministry officials have said that the BRT in the Pune metropolitan region should be closed-hybrid - that is only BRT buses can operate inside the dedicated lanes and no other buses should be allowed.President of the Nagrik Chetna Manch, Maj Gen S C N Jatar (retd), who procured the minutes of the meeting in Delhi last August, said that the contentions raised by the manch over the last five years have been upheld.Jatar said the PMC had selected BRT corridors without working out the commuter demand and that it laid stress on road construction, neglecting requirements such as segregated lanes and bus stations. He alleged the civic body used BRT funds for road construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11670132", "title": "16 drug companies lose manufacturing licence", "text": "SHIMLA: Acting tough against drug manufacturing companies failing to comply with the set norms after obtaining licences, Himachal Pradesh ayurvedic department has cancelled licences of 16 units in the state. All these companies were issued prior notices but they had failed to respond.Himachal Pradesh has become a drug manufacturing hub in the country with all major brands running their units from Solan and Sirmaur districts. According to an estimate, the state caters to around 30% demand in the domestic market.According to sources, many of the companies whose licenses were cancelled never bothered to start manufacturing drugs despite obtaining the license, while others never approached the department for renewal of their license after its expiry. Majority of the ayurvedic drug manufacturing units against whom action has been initiated are located in Solan and Sirmaur districts.Functioning of allopathic drug manufacturing units in the state has also come under the scanner since the directorate of revenue intelligence (DRI) raided some companies at Baddi and Paonta Sahib area of the state.Director (ayurveda) P S Draik said that action has been initiated against the companies in routine exercise after finding these companies violating the norms. He said 16 licences have been cancelled while others too are being checked.Himachal Pradesh has 65 units manufacturing ayurvedic medicines, of which 162 are in private sector while three are in the government sector. Most of them are located in Solan, Sirmaur and Kangra districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669401", "title": "Aspiring MLAs breaking law with impunity", "text": "NEW DELHI: Potential lawmakers have no qualms in breaking the law. Across the three states - Uttarakhand, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh - that are going to polls next week, over 30% of the candidates have never filed their income tax returns. To make matters worse, about 13% have not given their PAN card details.According to data analyzed by Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) - a think-tank working for electoral reforms - some of the most prominent candidates have not filed their I-T returns.In UP, a total of 96 candidates (34%) out of the 284 candidates, who are contesting in the first phase of election, have declared that they have never filed I-T returns. About 40(14%) candidates have not declared their PAN details of which 10 are from SP, BJP (9), JD (U) (7), Peace Party (6), INC (4) and BSP (3).Among the candidates with maximum assets but who have never filed I-T returns are SP's Farid Mahfuz Kidwai contesting from Kursi with total assets of Rs 3.52 crore, followed by Congress's Gauri Sankar from Mahadewa (Rs 2.88 crore) and BJP's Ram Sajivan from Ram Nagar (Rs 2.57 crore).In Punjab, 23% or about 92 candidates out of 408 have declared that they have never filed I-T returns. These include Congress's Karan Kaur contesting from Muktsar with total assets of Rs 128 crore, followed by his colleague Ramanjit Singh Sikki from Khadoor Sahib (Rs 20.12 crore) and SAD's Gurpartap Singh Wadala contesting from Nakodar (Rs 13.71 crore). About 12% or 47 candidates do not have a PAN number of which five each are from Congress and SAD, PPP (7) and BSP (18).A similar pattern is evident in Uttarakhand, where ADR found that 99 or 36% of the 278 candidates have admitted that they have not filed their I-T returns. Among them Shahjad of BSP has the highest assets of about Rs 6.52 crore, followed by Kaleem of BJP (Rs 3.15 crore) and Congress's Sarwaryar Khan from Udham Singh Nagar (Rs 1 crore). About 15% or 42 candidates have not declared their PAN card details.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "11673472", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee dedicates plaque of Swami Vivekananda in Chicago", "text": "CHICAGO: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee today dedicated a plaque of Swami Vivekananda at the prestigious Art Institute of Chicago and inaugurated a Tagore art exhibition here, to mark the 150th birth anniversaries of Swami Vivekananda and Rabindranath Tagore.\"Swami Vivekanda was practically India's first cultural ambassador to United States ,\" Mukherjee said at Fullerton Hall, where Vivekananda had delivered the famous and historic address at the Parliament of the World Religions in 1893 to tremendous applause.\"This plaque fulfills our commitment and executes the long-cherished desire of people of India,\" he said.India will give USD 500,000 to Art Institute of Chicago (AIC) to conduct 'Vivekananda Memorial Programme for Museum Excellence' that will allow professional exchange of ideas between it and various museums in India.Under the programme, AIC will work with the Indian Government to impart a broad range of knowledge on modern operations of museums like conservation, planning of exhibitions, etc., for a four-year period.Mukherjee thanked AIC president Douglas Druick for his cooperation in setting up the Chair.The minister also cut the ribbon for the opening ceremony of Tagore's paintings called \"The Last Harvest\".\"His (Tagore's) paintings and drawings remain fresh even today,\" Mukherjee said.Indian Ambassador to the US Nirupama Rao also spoke of Vivekananda's contribution to the merger.\"Swami Vivekananda marked the beginning of East-West global dialogue,\" Rao said.AIC is also planning to spend USD 175,000 for India in planning of exhibitions and conservation techniques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668320", "title": "Railways may finish Mumbai Central plan ahead of time", "text": "MUMBAI: The Western Railway (WR) administration has begun work on extending the length of platforms at Mumbai Central (Main line) to accommodate 24-coach trains.The project may be completed by May 2012 and will increase the carrying capacity of the long-distance trains by 33%.\"The plan also envisages equipping of the rail yard with improved facilities to carry out maintenance and washing of 24-coach trains at Mumbai Central. The cost of the project is Rs 15 crore,\" WR chief public relations officer Sharat Chandrayan said. Trains like Rajdhani Express, August Kranti Express, Indore Express, Shatabdi Express, Karnvati Express, Jaipur Superfast Express, Gujarat Mail, Duronto Express that originate from Mumbai Central have 18 coaches.\"The conversion to 24-coach trains will be gradual. In the long run, the station will be in position to accommodate such trains.\"There are five platforms at the station, of which only platform 1 can accommodate 24-coach rakes.Initially, the closing date for concluding the project was November 2012, later the deadline was advanced by the almost six months following a review carried out by Mahesh Kumar soon after his appointment as the general manager. The deadline coincides with the peak vacation period when the demand in high.\"Apart from regular trains, WR also runs vacation specials to cater to the high demand. The probability of the getting a confirmed berth will increase due to availability of more seats,\" Chandrayan said.The WR administration will also be able to recover the money within months. An additional 3-tier AC coach in Rajdhani can fetch Rs 1.25 lakh. Each coach has potential to accommodate 70 passengers. An addition of one each can rake in surplus revenue for the railways.\"This is the first time that a project of magnitude is being carried out,\" Chandrayan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11670858", "title": "'Kunjedathi' screened @ Kritya 2012", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'Kunjedathi', a 30-minute short film based on celebrated Malayalam poet O N V Kurup's poem was screened at the second day of 'Kritya 2012', an international poetry festival held here on Tuesday.The film directed by Pradeep Nooranad portrays the story of 'Kunjedathi' and little 'Unnikkuttan'. Like the poem, the short film also depicts the other side of the Communist movement. Poet Kurup was also present at the first public screening of the documentary.The six-day festival dedicated to Rabindranath Tagore features poetry and its correlations, reflections and influences on painting and motion pictures. As many as 25 international poets and more than 50 Indian poets, including Malayalam poets, are participating in the festival.\"The festival is aimed at facilitating a healthy interaction between diverse cultures and traditions, and is expected to realize the noble concept of 'Vasudhaiva Kudumbakam' by forging strong bonds between representative figures from different parts of the world,\" says the festival director Rati Saxena. The festival is organized by Kritya, an international journal publishing contemporary Indian and world poetry.This is the second time the city is hosting the festival.\"Every year, the festival is held in a different region of the country. Combining poetry with other forms of art such as painting, music, poetry, films, theatre, folk and other performing arts, the festival allows international artistes to meet and appreciate local artistes from different Indian cultures and languages,\" she said.Along with poetry readings by world poets, the festival incorporates poetry in painting. Artist B D Dethan of Kerala would paint live on Rabindranatha Tagore's poetry and additional chief secretary K Jayakumar is exhibiting his paintings of Tagore's 'Gitanjali' at the festival,\" Rati Saxena said. During the upcoming sessions, filmmakers from Norway would screen their poetry films along with Indian filmmakers Gitanjali Rao and Noornad Prasadan.As part of the photo poetry, Odveige Klyve from Norway would exhibit her photo-poetry.The film directed by Pradeep Nooranad portrays the story of 'Kunjedathi' and little 'Unnikkuttan'. Like the poem, the short film also depicts the other side of the Communist movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668530", "title": "Policy on dispensing cancer meds called for", "text": "MUMBAI: Stating that an MBBS doctor cannot treat nor prescribe medicines to a cancer patient, director of medical edcaation P H Shingare said chemotherapy was not even included in the MBBS curriculum. \"An MBBS doctor can diagnose common clinical disorders and cancer is not a common clinical disorder. So it would be inappropriate for an MBBS doctor to administer chemotherapy to a cancer patient,\" Shingare said.On the basis of the submissions of Shingare and director of public health Suresh Gupta, Aurangabad information commissioner D B Deshpande has asked the chief secretary to draft comprehensive guidelines on the dispensation and administration of medicines to cancer patients.The case began with Dr Avinash knocking on the doors of the public health department to know if he could dispense, prescribe and administer chemotherapy drugs to a cancer patient. When he was informed that an MBBS doctor couldn't treat a cancer patient, Avinash sought the rules and regulations under which an MBBS doctor was prohibited from treating a cancer patient. Despite reminders, there was no response from the public health department. He then filed an application under the RTI Act before the public information officer. After still not receiving a reply, he appealed to D B Deshpande, who summoned Shingare and Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11669938", "title": "Math teachers rack brains to make subject interesting", "text": "NAGPUR: Mathematics may be the most dreaded subject for students. Its teachers, however, believe that the practical utility of the subject necessitates youngsters taking it up. They suggest some changes in the way the basics of maths are taught.Mathematics teachers from all over the country were in the city to discuss the developments and trends in mathematics over the weekend. The national seminar was sponsored by the UGC and organized by the Sindhu Mahavidyalaya.They discussed on aspects like relativity, coding theory mathematical modelling and biomathematics. They also informed how these have been used for trivial as well as useful ways like mathematical modelling has been used for predicting spread of rumours and coding has been used for designing traffic signals.Ajit Deshmukh, joint director of higher education of Nagpur, said that math was a natural system of knowledge while BBSP Nag, principal of Sindhu Mahavidyala, called it the queen of sciences. Chief guest ST Deshmukh, the principal of Ramdeobaba College of Engineering and Management, rued how rather than knowledge, teachers are busy passing on information.The teachers also wanted to make the subject less scary to the students. \"If we could teach them by relating it to daily life issues, it would promote a better understanding of the subject at basic levels,\" said KR Pardesani, a professor of Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT). He added how some of the colleges in the West had introduced the subject at post graduate levels for students of law, biology, social sciences. \"No science can survive on its own especially in today's age of interdisciplinary sciences. After understanding the importance of the subject, more people are diverting towards it,\" he added.\"However, when an attempt was made to make math laboratories in schools to impart practical knowledge of the subject, most schools were too scared to implement it,\" informed Zafar Ahesan, professor at Aligarh Muslim University. He also lamented the lower social standing of the professors in the country as compared to that in the developed countries. \"In addition, a few teachers are expected to teach lengthy syllabi to an overfilled class. I wish more money was pumped into promoting math as a science,\" he said.KC Deshmukh, head of the mathematics department and the dean of faculty of science at RTM Nagpur University, agreed that the student-teacher ratio in the country needed to be improved. \"There should be more basic research taken up so that the utility of the subject can be improved, too,\" he said. He also informed that RTMNU was trying to include an interdisciplinary curriculum at the post graduate and under graduate levels to keep up with the times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11670119", "title": "Govt to allow free entry to Khajuraho dance festival", "text": "INDORE: After 36 years, the country's biggest dance festival- the Khajuraho dance festival, which begins on February 1, will have free entry for visitors. The dance fest is a hit as noted dancers from across the country perform.Director, Culture Shree Ram Tiwari, who is supervising the preparations for organizing the festival said, he expects a large turnout this year. The State Government has made entry free for all those interested in watching the internationally renowned dancers.Odissi Dancer Sujata Mahopatra will perform on the inaugural day. She is the disciple and daughter- in-law of the Late Guru Padmabibhushan Kelucharan Mohapatra, the legendary exponent of Odissi, said Tewari.This year Madhya Pradesh government has invited more the 25 renowned dancers and seven dance groups from across the country. Various dance forms including Kathak, Bharatnatyam, Odissi, Manipuri and Kuchipuri will be performed on the occasion. The dance festival will be organised in the backdrop of Chitragupt and Vishwanath temples, located in the western group of temple complex.Besides, dance, the Madhya Pradesh Kala Parishad will also organize the traditional art and craft works displayed by the local villagers in Khajuraho to attract more tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "11668017", "title": "2 CPM leaders held for attack on TMC worker", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Two CPM leaders, Anadi Mondal and Kartick Banerjee, were arrested on Saturday for allegedly shooting at a Trinamool Congress worker in Kharagpur, police said.On Friday, an altercation broke out between Trinamool and CPM over controlling the supply of materials to the newly- formed Tractors India Ltd. It was during this scuffle that Trinamool worker Jugal Nayek was shot in the leg. The victim Jugal Nayek a Trinamool worker was shot at during an altercation at Rupnarayanpur in Kharagpur on Friday. and the bullet hit his leg.There was a fight between Trinamool and CPM leaders over controlling the supply of materials to the newly formed Tractors India Ltd. The dispute took place on Friday over construction of a boundary wall of the newly set up factory which was launched in October, 2011.The police said that the two are Anadi Mondal and Kartick Banerjee, residents of Jakpur.In another incident, Kharagpur, police arrested four persons for their alleged involvement in the murder of Sanjay Sahu, who was murdered on January 23. while trying to resist ight against dacoits.Praveen Tripathy, SP, Midnapore (west) said that six people were arrested in the dacoity and among them the four were remanded in jail custody by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11668990", "title": "5 yrs on, solid waste treatment plant remains a non-starter", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even after five years of its sanctioning by the Centre under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme, the much-awaited municipal solid waste (MSW) treatment plant in Lucknow remains a non-starter.There is no concrete affirmation as when the city will be free of garbage that gets dumped around busy streets and vacant plots. Municipal officials, though, say that the plant is expected to begin functioning by the first week of February.While approving it in 2007, the Centre had sanctioned Rs 42.92 crore for the project. As per the arrangement, the Centre even agreed to fund 50% of the project and released the first instalment of Rs 5.36 crore in 2008.The project was to be completed later that year. But the deadline kept getting extended. Three years on, the project is still in construction stage.It was earlier this month, on January 7, when principal secretary (urban development) Durga Shankar Mishra visited the dumping site, sprawling over an area of 19 hectares in Shivari village on Mohan Road around 25 km away from the heart of the city. Department sources said that it is only the first stage of the plant which has come up till date, while the second is still in the initial stage of construction.In comparison, a municipal solid waste treatment plant has been working in city like Kanpur for the past two years. In fact, Union minister for non-conventional energy Farooq Abdullah, who had visited the city two months ago, was all praise for the project.Ironically, that is not the case with Lucknow, which otherwise happens to be the state capital of country's most populous state.City roads are unlikely to get rid of spilled garbage for some more time even after the plant comes into existence.There are two reasons to it. One, the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) and the UP Jal Nigam are yet to get possession of all the transfer stations sites. Four sites have been earmarked for the purpose. Of these, two are to be allotted by the LDA and one each by irrigation department and Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC). While LMC has given the site on Bijnore Road near Bangla Bazaar, the irrigation department and the LDA are yet to follow suit. Irrigation department had promised to provide the land in Para, while LDA had agreed to provide two plots, one near Gwari village (near Gomtinagar) and the other one behind Mandi on Sitapur Road.Additional municipal commissioner P K Srivastava was, however, confident of the project getting the sites soon and the project entering into the execution stage by February. Municipal sources, however, said that the actual disposing of process will start only by March, if at all dumping begins in full swing.The Centre in 2010 had taken cognizance of the slow pace of the project and even warned the nodal agency, UP Jal Nigam, of taking back the sanctioned amount in case it failed to comply with the deadline. The corporation was though quick to purchase some of the equipment but could not sustain the requisite pace even as some of the localities in the city faced a precarious situation. In fact, nearly a dozen people in Faizullahganj had died the same year because of poor civic condition.The snail pace continues to haunt the timely completion of the project. Each of the two units will have the capacity to process 600 metric tonnes of solid waste. Officials in the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) claim that the city generates around 1,400 metric tonnes of solid waste. But this is mostly non-segregated.In fact, the city development plan of the LMC estimates that there are around 2000 `kabariwallas' in Lucknow who pick up waste from the households and sell to retail traders.In addition to these kabariwallas, there are about 8,000 rag-pickers who every day search in the refuse dumps for recyclable paper, plastic and metal waste. The recycling industry is valued at Rs 25 crore per annum handling about 200 tonnes of waste per day.The municipality disposes about 1,000 tonnes of waste per day. Around 60 to 80% of waste comprises vegetable matter, and rag-pickers collect small proportions of manufactured waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "salabatpura (rampura phul)", "code": "11670247", "title": "'Poetic justice' drives all to Dera Salabatpura", "text": "Salabatpura (Rampura Phul): \"We have learnt to live without Guru Granth Sahib. Our marriages are now solemnized with Guru's garlands and 'shabads' read from our granth 'guru te sadh'. Our followers prefer to donate bodies instead of burning them.\" The chilling claim was made by Zora Singh, the 'pramukh' of Salabatpura's branch of Dera Sacha Sauda.Salabatpura Dera has lost its old glory because the dera head, Gurmeet Ram Rahim, has not visited this place for the last five years. There are no mile-long queues of people heading towards the dera every Sunday. Police guard the 300-acre property round the clock while 'premis' (followers) congregate once a week to hold 'naam charcha.' But, despite a cautious approach towards strangers, and a hesitation to talk about coming elections, the mood is defiant inside.\"The government (Akalis) persecuted us, and the Congress did not help us. We will wait for dera's directions. Our people know our feelings and what we underwent, they won't ask us to do anything which we won't like,\" says Zora Singh, saying a lot between the lines while trying to appear neutral.However, in the nearby villages, dera 'premis' are more candid, \"We would not vote for Akalis, even if our dera tells us to. But, our guru also knows what we went through in 2007, so he would not tell us to vote for SAD,\" says Gurjant Singh of Salebra village, who is openly canvassing for Congress.For the record, the Sirsa-based main dera is yet to convey its decision to its 'premis', even though its political committee has 'interviewed' over 200 candidates. \"This is poetic justice, the same leaders who asked Sikhs to chase us away and to deny Guru Granth Sahib to us are now going to our Guruji and pleading for his support in elections. Some go in the day, some prefer the dark of the night,\" said a dera 'premi', who has volunteered for guard duty for the next seven days.There are many like him who prefer to leave the comforts of a warm bed to stay back in the dera and guard the property, cook 'langar' or work in farms. A few women sit outside the clinic, waiting for their turn for consultation, a differently-abled man enters pedaling his special cart to register for the night duty. The campus is almost deserted, except for a few dera workers and volunteers, two days before the polls.What is clear though is that despite the anger of radical Sikhs, clergy's call for their boycott and strained relations with neighbours in villages, nothing has affected these premis' total commitment towards their gurus.\"What can we tell you about what keeps us committed towards him,\" say the men as they relate stories of 'miracles' happening in their lives after they came in contact with the dera.\"We were prepared to fight the Sikhs if they had attack us\", claims Zora Singh, talking about the radicals' march in 2007 and 2008 for closing down the dera in Salabatpur. \"After the government clamp down, our followers have grown manifold. On guru's birthday on January 25, every inch of 750-acre property in Sirsa was full to the capacity,\" he asserts.\"Outside the dera, we are still forced to wear our guru's locket inside, lest someone takes offence, but it's only a matter of days' now,\" asserts Avtar Singh, another 'premi', as he warms his hands at the small bonfire, sitting for the night duty at the main gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11669821", "title": "PIL against illegal fishing methods", "text": "MADURAI: Alleging that illegal methods of fishing are used by big fishermen owning high-power boats, those who own country boats and small-sized mechanized boats have filed a petition in the Madurai Bench of the Madras high court seeking a direction against the use of high-power boats and prohibited nets.The TN Fishermen Labour Union Federation, which consists of fishermen using country boats and small size mechanised boats, has filed the petition. In it, they said Rameswaram and other nearby fishing areas lying in Palk Strait were rich in coral reefs, rare fish and other marine organisms.Coral reefs being enriched with high vitamins and minerals were places where fish multiply. Hence, the union government had declared the areas around Palk Strait as 'Mannar Bio Reserve Area' in order to protect fish and other natural resources. But continuous violations of the provisions of the Tamil Nadu Marine Fisheries Regulation Act 1983 by fishermen who use high-power boats and pair trawlers and seine nets was leading to the depletion of marine wealth in the Mannar Area.The petitioners stated that the enactments regulating fishing methods and use of vehicles for conservation of fish and scientific fishing were in force, but they were being violated without any remorse. They also claimed that rich fishermen were in cahoots with government officials and were using mini ships for fishing. By the use of such vessels, already a large number of fish varieties had become endangered. The fishermen added that the conventional method of fishing by single trawl nets would be environment-friendly and would not affect the reproduction of fish. But big fishermen were least bothered about the welfare of the environment and were using every means available to earn quick money.Fishing using purse-seine nets will catch even small fish, which do not attain maturity. Hence fish were being endangered. They further said, \"As the authorities also do not take any action, it is ultimately the small fishers who get affected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "orientation programme", "code": "11670243", "title": "Orientation programme: The Centre of Advanced Study in Geography", "text": "Orientation programme: The Centre of Advanced Study in Geography, Panjab University, organized a two-week orientation programme for Disaster Management Coordinators (DMC) and Response Centre Professionals (RCP). The workshop was attended by 34 professionals recruited under the 13th Finance Commission by the department of revenue, rehabilitation and disaster management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11670577", "title": "S&T; academy promised Rs 2-cr grant for 2012-13", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda inaugurated a two-day conference of Karnataka Science and Technology Academy (KSTA) on the theme 'New dimensions of science and technology: opportunities and challenges' at Mangalore University, Mangalagangothri near here, on Saturday.Announcing Rs 2 crore for KSTA for 2012-13, Gowda said the state needs to strive to increase the percentage of enrolment for higher education. \"Only 8-10% of youths in 18-24 age group enroll for higher education, which is very less compared to foreign countries. It is our responsibility to increase the same,\" he added.Minister for science and technology, fisheries, Anand Asnotikar, said the regional science centre, being set up at Pilikula here, will be opened in June. In addition to two regional science centres in Dharwad and Mangalore, the department has plans to open 10 sub-regional science centres across the state, he said, adding that the government has already distributed Rs 1.3 crore each for the proposed sub-centres.Scientist honouredScientist and chairman of Nutrition Society of India, V Prakash, was honoured with Lifetime Achievement Award for his contributions in the field of food-processing technology on the occasion. Environment minister J Krishna Palemar and state principal secretary M N Vidyashankar were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11676015", "title": "Make Rahul PM, let people judge his ability: BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a dig at Rahul Gandhi, BJP on Sunday said that the Congress general secretary should be made the Prime Minister for the remaining two years of the UPA rule so that people can judge his ability.\"Let Rahul Gandhi become the Prime Minister...two years term is still left...let people know how much ability he has to run the country,\" BJP national general secretary and chief spokesman Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters here.\"More so, he does not need anything to become the PM, he only needs to ask Manmohan Singh to step down,\" he added.Prasad also accused Congress, SP and BSP of poralising Muslim votes.\"Population of UP is 20 crore... whether the minorities alone are the voters... this is deeply unfortunate,\" the BJP leader said.Meanwhile, reacting to BJP's attack Congress leader Abhishek Manu Singhvi said Prasad's suggestion indicates the party's acceptance of Rahul's ability to serve as the Prime Minister of the country.\"Prasad has accepted the reality. BJP knows the leadership ability of Rahul Gandhi very well and it's defeat reflects from this statement,\" he said.Confidant of Congress' victory in all the five poll bound states, Singhvi said that Rahul's leadership was like a storm of victory in the poll ground.In a reply to a question the Congress leader said that a delegation led by him met officials of the Election Commission in which the issue of notice to law minister Salman Khurshid on his statement on Muslim reservation was also raised.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670274", "title": "Freeze speech? In US, it's still free speech", "text": "The words are so hallowed and carry so much conviction and gravitas that they are consecrated in marble - one ton per word - in front of the Newseum on Washington DC's Pennsylvania Avenue. Simply known as the First Amendment, this paean to free speech is an article of faith for every American, some of whom have turned this sacred right into a profane excess. There are occasional challenges to limit this right, but few countries allow its citizens to push the envelope of free speech as much as the United States .From the founding of the country to its principles and its president itself, nothing is sacrosanct in America, thanks to the First Amendment. The United States' ability to laugh at itself - and consequently at others - is unique, perhaps also spurred on by its status as sole superpower; and/or its lack of civilizational ethos. \"America is one of the finest countries anyone ever stole,\" comedian Bobcat Goldthwaite once said about its origins. Another comedian joked that \"illegal aliens have always been a problem in the US. Ask any Native American.\"Even the president's office is not spared. Adlai Stevenson, described by some as the best president the US never had, once said, \"In America, anybody can be president. That's one of the risks you take.\" This was improved on by George Bush Jr, who once told school students, \"To those of you who received honours, awards and distinctions, I say well done. And to the C students, I say you, too, can be president of the US.\"Even American foreign policy, often feared and despised across the world, gets no respect at home. America is a country that doesn't know where it is going but is determined to set a speed record getting there, said Laurence Peter, co-writer of The Peter Principle. America is always on the move, observed poet E E Cummings; she may be going to hell, of course, but at least she isn't standing still. A famous historian compared it to a large dog that knocks over something every time it wags its tail.This tradition of largely self-deprecatory humour - with an occasional stab at foreigners - has become a daily staple, with late-night TV shows that are half-a-century old (Jay Leno is the fourth NBC late-night host who's been on the job since 1957). But it is the arrival of cable TV and the internet, largely unregulated by the Federal Communications Commission , that has really pushed American media content over the edge. Late-night jokes are lame compared to the savage attacks that occur on cable shows where no religion or prophet is sacred.Few TV gigs are as irreverent, profane, and sacrilegious as South Park, a cartoon show that revolves around the adventures of four boys in Middle America. Launching into contemporary issues (from the Iraq war to Facebook addiction) with a mix of toilet humour and incisive commentary, this show offends more people every night (during its running season) with relatively little blowback than any other media effort. From parodying Mel Gibson as a masochistic Daffy Duck infatuated with his own nipples to depicting Steve Jobs as a predatory schemer (while he was dying), no subject is taboo to this subversive show. Among its most offensive efforts: depiction of Virgin Mary as a woman of loose morals in a 2005 episode titled 'Bloody Mary'; deliberately using the word \"shit\" 162 times in an episode titled 'It Hits the Fan', and uncensored use of the racial slur \"nigger\" 43 times in an episode titled 'With Apologies to Jesse Jackson'.In each case, there have been a few outraged protesters, but by and large, Americans understand and appreciate edgy, over-the-top humour, and ignore it where they can't.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670556", "title": "CPI (M) meet to discuss MoI, RP 2021", "text": "PANAJI: Issues like tribal rights, Regional Plan 2021, mining and the medium of instruction will be discussed at the ongoing 15th Goa state conference of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) on January 29 at Porvorim.The conference will adopt a political organizational work report and also elect a new state-organizing committee. It will also set out future tasks pertaining to the party's role in organizing more sections in their struggle for livelihood and higher living standards.The conference was inaugurated by Vivek Monteiro, noted scientist and trade union leader, on Saturday at the venue-Comrade Jyoti Basu Nagar in Porvorim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668951", "title": "Pune's Rogue bus driver sent to mental hospital", "text": "PUNE: Bus driver Santosh Mane, who wreaked havoc in the city on Wednesday morning killing eight people and injuring 32 after hijacking a state transport bus from Swargate, was admitted to the regional mental hospital in Yerawada on Saturday.Assistant commissioner of police (crime II) Rajendrasinh Mohite said a medical officer from the Sassoon hospital examined Mane and directed the police to keep him under observation in the mental hospital till February 1.\"After receiving the medical certificate, we produced him before the court of judicial magistrate first class and filed a plea for suspending the police custody (granted on Thursday till February 3) so that he could be referred to the mental hospital,\" he said.\"Medical reports were shown to the court, which then passed an order to move Mane to the mental hospital. But we have reserved our right to seek his custody whenever required. He will be kept under police protection,\" Mohite said. \"Mane has not given us the details of the mayhem he caused. We have strong circumstantial evidence against him as well as eyewitnesses.\"Mental hospital superintendent Vilas Bhailume said Sassoon hospital has stated in a report that Mane needs to be admitted for observation and evaluation. \"Mane's behaviour will be observed and a psychiatrist will conduct his mental status examination. We can arrive at a conclusion after examining his medical reports till February 1. We will then submit the report to the court,\" he said.Solapur-based psychiatrist Dilip Burte has said that he had treated Mane for \"psychosis\" about one-and-a-half to two years ago and that he showed \"symptoms of schizophrenia and mania.After hijacking the bus from the Swargate bus depot, Mane went on a killing spree for about an hour on the city's roads while also damaging 37 vehicles that came in his way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11672845", "title": "Jai &amp; Abinaya in Gautham Menon\u2019s next movie", "text": "Jai, who seems to be having a dream run in Kollywood lately, is all set to work in Gautham Menon's untitled production opposite Abinaya.Word has it that over two dozen girls were auditioned to play Jai's love interest in the film, that of a brash sales girl in a garment store, and Abinaya, who was the original choice of the makers for this role, was whom Gautham chose.He felt that she was the apt choice, after seeing all the audition tapes. \"When the script (written by debutant director Prem Sai) was developed, the makers had Abinaya on their minds for this particular role.However, with an increase in the film's budget, the makers thought they should try out other options, where they auditioned many glamorous girls from across the country,\" says a source, who adds that eventually, it was the original choice that worked out best for them.The duo shot for their first look test last week at a studio in the city and the makers seem to be mighty thrilled with the outcome of that.The film, which is said to be a love story by nature, is set to take off shortly.The debutant director has previously assisted Prabhu Deva in a couple of films before Gautham's production house okayed this project of his, which he has been working on since the past one year.The film will also have Santhanam in a pivotal role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11670059", "title": "Cong for union minister to open new terminal", "text": "INDORE:Inauguration of new terminal of Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Indore Airport may take longer than the proposed January-end with Congress pitching for the union minister to do the honours.Congress spokesman K K Mishra said, \"If the inauguration can wait this long, it can wait for some more time. Our leaders are busy with the Uttar Pradesh elections.\" The BJP is trying to take advantage of that and mounting pressure to make the new terminal operational.State Congress president Kantilal Bhuria has urged union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh to visit Indore for the terminal inauguration. The move is apparently aimed at preventing the ruling BJP from walking away with the credit for new terminal.Accusing the BJP of trying to take credit for all good work of the Congress-led UPA government, he said \"The UPA government has given a world class new terminal at a cost of Rs 135 crore to people of Indore.\"However, the Airport Authority of India (AAI) has not received any communication regarding delay in new terminal and preparations are in full swing to make it functional by January 31. The trial of the new terminal on January 26 was successful and after fixing some technical glitches it is likely to start from scheduled date.The latest incident has also brought into focus lack of coordination and unity among Congress leaders. A few days back, Congress MP Sajjan Singh Verma shot off a letter to the director general of civil aviation (DGCA) and the union ministry of civil aviation requesting steps for making new terminal operational.Later, BJP MP Sumitra Mahajan wrote a letter to the DGCA and met the union civil aviation minister, requested him to let the new terminal become operational without formal inauguration in case of his being busy with forthcoming UP election.The new terminal is ready for the past seven months and its inauguration is being delayed only for non-availability of a VIP to do the honours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11677670", "title": "Choubey\u2019s \u2018threat\u2019 to junior doctors kicks up a row", "text": "PATNA: Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey's diatribe on Saturday against the junior doctors of Patna Medical College &amp; Hospital (PMCH), who had threatened to resort to strike from January 31, has sparked a row and caused anger among the junior doctors.At a function of his department on Saturday, Choubey reportedly uttered certain 'threatening' words. While referring to the strike threat, the minister had said, \"Unke haath kaat diye jayenge, unke par katar diye jayenge (their arms will be cut and their wings will be clipped).\" With TV channels running the footage of Choubey's utterances on Sunday, a raging controversy flared up.But Choubey, who was in Ara in connection with 'Jan Swasthya Chetna Yatra', sought to play down the remarks. \"Hath katna or par katarna are common phrases and I used them in that context. I said if junior doctors do not take care of patients, resort to strike and threaten to ransack the hospital, they will only hit their own interest. And, if they threaten the government, their hands could be chopped and wings clipped,\" Choubey tried to explain.The minister said he used harsh words keeping in mind the inhuman treatment with patients in hospitals and their agonies during the doctors' strike.However, opposition leaders were not satisfied. Leaders of opposition in assembly and council, Abdul Bari Siddiqui and Ghulam Ghaus respectively, said ministers are responsible people and they should not use such language. \"If he was using a phrase, he must know how to use them and when,\" said Siddiqui.Meanwhile, junior doctors are expected to postpone their strike on Monday. PMCH principal N P Yadav said a delegation of junior doctors met him on Sunday and agreed to postpone the strike after he explained to them the stand of the government over their demands. \"They wanted that principal secretary, health, should give the government stand in writing to them; only then will they announce withdrawal of the strike,\" Yadav told TOI.The junior doctors have two demands: enhancement of stipend and implementation of senior residency scheme. On the issue of stipend, the government has already committed to hike it from April 2012. Yadav said there was no justification for going on strike before that deadline. \"If they go on strike, it will be illegal,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "11673880", "title": "Student dies after being hit by train", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A school student died after being hit by a moving train in Sahibabad area of the district, police said today.The mishap took place yesterday when Kaushlendra Kumar (16), a class nine student, was unable to hear the approaching train while crossing the railway track as he had mobile headphones plugged in his ears, they said.He was rushed to the hospital in a serious condition where he died last evening, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11670314", "title": "AIPMT aspirants can correct mistakes in forms from Feb 1", "text": "NAGPUR: Candidates who have applied for the All India pre-Medical Test (AIPMT) 2012 but made an error while submitting their forms can breathe a sigh of relief. The tech-savvy exam conducting body, CBSE, has now made it possible for candidates to make changes in the form details, online. This one time opportunity window will be open from February 1 till February 24 and candidates can access their form by logging on to www.aipmt.nic.inHowever there is a catch. No changes are allowed in the city of centre or choice of counselling centre or question paper medium.Candidates can login using their registration number and some personal details and make the changes online. After correction, the candidates may print correction slip and retain the same with them for reference and record. Due to correction of category/ subcategory (reservation status) by the candidate, if additional fee is payable, the correction slip along with demand draft for balance amount drawn in favour of the 'Secretary, CBSE' payable at Delhi.The exam is being held in English and Hindi language, but no changes can be made to this detail. Application process for AIPMT 2012 was a totally online process this time around hence the entire data is available with the CBSE in digital form.Last year the there was a lot of uncertainty about the medical common entrance test (CET) as various states and the Medical Council of India (MCI) differed over the implantation year. The MCI wanted to hold the new CET, called National Entrance cum Eligibility Test (NEET), in 2012. But Maharashtra government wanted to wait till 2013 because of the difference in syllabus.The state and parents' groups, wrote to the Centre seeking its intervention in the stand off and even approached the Supreme Court. Ultimately, the MCI put NEET on back burner and mandated CBSE to proceed with the AIPMT instead.CTET postponed in three states due to elections; Exam as per schedule in MaharashtraThe Central Teachers Eligibility Test (CTET) 2012 has been postponed in the states of Manipur, Punjab and Uttarakhand. A statement from the exam conducting body, CBSE, said, that the \"Election Commission of India has advised that the CTET scheduled to be held on January 29 be postponed on account of general election for legislative assemblies in these states\". The CTET in the above states has been postponed to May 5.In Maharashtra, the exam will proceed as planned on Jan 29. CTET is mandatory for new teachers wanting to join government funded CBSE schools, and the rule is expected to apply to private schools in the near future as well. Nagpur has seen a tenfold rise in the number of CTET applicants as compared to last year.The candidates appearing from the above examination centres are advised to preserve the Admit Cards to appear for the postponed examination on May 5, 2012. In the remaining states the CTET-Jan 2012 examination will be held as per the Schedule on January 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668143", "title": "PCMC sets up panel tomonitor 'paid news'", "text": "PUNE: The election department of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has set up a committee to scrutinize news about candidates and political parties published in newspapers and decide whether it is paid news.A seven-member committee, headed by Prakash Kadam, additional commissioner, has been formed on the directives of the state election commission.\"Some candidates and political parties advertise themselves in newspapers in the form of news articles by paying for them. If any media gives undue publicity to campaign meetings, speeches or other programmes of a particular political party or candidate then it is paid news,\" the state election commission directive has said.Till the election results are declared, the committee will scrutinize articles in newspapers to see if there is a complaint that it is paid news. If the committee is of the opinion that the article is paid news, it will send a show-cause notice to the candidate, asking him why the charges incurred on publishing the paid news should not be included in his election expenditure.The committee will take a final decision after the political party, candidate and media submit their opinion in writing. It will then inform the returning officer to include the expenditure in the election expenditure of the candidate.The committee consists of Dnyaneshwar Chavan (deputy commissioner of police, Zone III), Ashok Munde (chief of PCMC's election code of conduct cell), Dilip Kulkarni (representative of the district information officer), Rajeev Sabde (representative of the Press Council of India), Kiran Gaikwad (public relations officer of the PCMC), and the returning officer of the ward concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11668869", "title": "Rushdie, Chetan in tweet war", "text": "NEW DELHI: He never came but his ghost had an overwhelming presence at the Jaipur lit fest. And even though the festival is over, writer Salman Rushdie continues to tweet on the subject.On Saturday, the Booker-prize winner trained his guns at popular writer Chetan Bhagat, who had spoken out against Rushdie and his banned book, 'The Satanic Verses'. Addressing the tweet directly to Bhagat, Rushdie said, \"Chetan Bhagat: people like me are liberal extremists &amp; as bad as the fundos. I'm being Bhaggered!! It's like being molested by Dan Brown !\"By fundos, Rushdie probably meant fundamentalists. Bhaggered, as is evident, is a sly pun. And it is not clear why he names Brown, author of 'The Da Vinci Code'.Responding to Rushdie's barb, Chetan tweeted, \"Someone's feeling neglected as the controversy died down and the country moved on. Hence the personal attacks. Will pass. Peace.\" But within a few hours, his tweet was retweeted by over 100 tweeple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11677745", "title": "'Elected leaders must ensure basic necessities'", "text": "VARANASI: \"Better primary education, employment opportunities and good standard of living for the people of the state are expected from the leaders who will be elected in the upcoming assembly polls,\" opined Faizan Nasir, student of law faculty, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), during 236th session of a discussion group Academique at faculty of Law, BHU on Sunday.The discussion on 'Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections and My Expectations' witnessed more emphasis on the betterment of primary education. According to Pragati Parikh of faculty of commerce, the elected government must ensure the basic necessities of its people and at the same time should develop the entire region instead of developing only few big cities of the state. Apart from that, points were also raised in the discussion about the importance of voting and its role in bring the change in the state.\"Political principles are no more principles now and thereby one should avoid casting vote on the basis of caste, religion, region, only then a responsible government can come into existence,\" shared Varun Mishra of faculty of Arts. Citing the examples of Gujarat and Bihar assembly elections, Prashant Vimal, faculty of management, said judicious vote can change the prospects of a state and can bring good law and order and ample amount of employment plans for inhabitants of the state.Assembly Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11668420", "title": "Students celebrate Saraswati Puja", "text": "PATNA: School and college students in the city celebrated Saraswati Puja with religious fervour as devotional songs rent the air throughout on Saturday.Not only they worshipped the goddess who signifies knowledge, learning, arts and culture but also played with 'gulal' as the occasion of Basant Panchami also symbolizes the onset of spring and fresh enthusiasm.Huge 'pandals' were set up in different educational institutions, including PMCH, IGIMS, J D Women's College, Magadh Mahila College, B N College and Patna College, among others, and several hostels in the city. Girl students wearing yellow saris were seen smearing 'gulal' at one another. PMCH administration distributed 1,000 copies of Bhagwad Gita among its students on the occasion.Several puja samitis set up 'pandals' in different localities, including New Pataliputra Colony, Macharhatta, Gurhatta, Nehru Nagar, Rajvanshi Nagar, Mahendru, Sri Krishna Nagar and R Block, where youths performed puja with devotion. All these 'pandals' were beautifully decorated with festoons and colourful banners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "india's most comprehensive introduction to sophie duplaix remains the ambitious exhibition, 'paris-delhi-bombay', which she co-curated at the georges pompidou centre of modern art in paris last year. in india for the ongoing art fair, she spoke to archana khare ghose about european involvement in indian art. excerpts", "code": "11669989", "title": "\u2018Modern Indian art is too highly priced\u2019", "text": "India's most comprehensive introduction to Sophie Duplaix remains the ambitious exhibition, 'Paris-Delhi-Bombay', which she co-curated at the Georges Pompidou Centre of Modern Art in Paris last year. In India for the ongoing Art Fair, she spoke to Archana Khare Ghose about European involvement in Indian art. Excerpts:'Paris-Delhi-Bombay', which featured 30 Indian and 18 French artists, attracted criticism for being belated and showcasing artists who were well-known. How would you counter that?The exhibition was criticized, indeed, but at Centre Pompidou, it is our responsibility to introduce visitors to new art trends from around the world, including India. It is surprising yet true that apart from those wellversed with art, a majority of our visitors is not aware of the trends in contemporary Indian art. About 300,000 people visited the exhibition over a period of five months. As for showcasing well-known artists, the criticism seemed funny - do we stop showing artists who have achieved recognition?The museum turns 35 on January 31, 2012, but it doesn't have much of a collection of modern and contemporary Indian art. Did 'Paris-Delhi-Bombay' help in changing that?During and after that exhibition, we acquired contemporary art by Nalini Malini, Pushpmala N, Dayanita Singh, Amar Kanwar and Raqs Media Collective. That's over and above the works we have by Subodh Gupta, Sonia Khurana and Vishwanadhan to name a few. But yes, we don't have modern Indian art in our collection. We have made a beginning though it is also very highly priced. Museums work on a set budget and I hope that we would be able to afford that too someday.Will there be any more linkages with Indian art? Centre Pompidou is keen on reaching out to diverse groups of people and connecting with them through art . Though we don't have any immediate India-related project, there is no reason why it should not happen in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11669621", "title": "NCP's list for panchayat, ZP polls out", "text": "NASHIK: The Nationalist Congress Party has announced its candidates for the zilla parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti (PS) seats. The elections for the seats are slated for February 7. Seats over which there were no controversies were announced after a joint decision by party observer RC Patil, district head of the party Shreeram Shete and others.In Niphad, Mandakini Bankar, Sandeep Suryawanshi, Ranjana Gangurde among others have been nominated by the party to contest the ZP elections while Lakshmi Kharat, Rohini Jadhav, Anil Boraste are among those who have got the official nomination for panchayat samiti elections.In Nashik tehsil, for the ZP polls, Dileep Thete will contest from Girnare, Alka Salunke from Palse, Sunanda Jadhav from Eklahara and Ranjana Khandbahale from Gowardhane. Similarly, the party has nominated Kachru Tambere from Devergaon, Ruapli Kokate from Eklahare, Suraksha Gaikwad from Vilholi.Manisha Zole from Igatpuri, Sayjabai Ubale, Pandurang Warungase, from Igatpuri; Arjun Barde, Krishnakant Pawar, Arjun Mengal, Ajit Gite, Uday Sangle from Sinnar; Pravin Gaikwad, Sunita Chavan, Popat Avhad, Sambhaji Pawar, Radhika Kalamkar from Yeola; Dnayneshwar Nandan, Dr Rashmi Gaykwad, Manisha Khare and others from Baglan; ND Gavit, Janardan Bhoye and Nirmala Jadhav, Motiram Gavit, Sunil Bhoye from Surgana and others are included in the list declared so far.The list of the remaining candidates is expected today, sources from the party said. The announcements of seats for Kalwan and Deola are also expected by Sunday, sources added.Family time at the polls: Politicians are busy fielding their family members in the upcoming ZP polls to propagate their legacy. Four family members of Kalwan NCP MLA Arjun Tulshiram Pawar, sons Nitin and Pravin, and their wives Jaishree and Bharati, respectively, are trying their luck at the polls. Kalawati Chavan, wife of sitting MP from Dindori (Nashik) Harishchandra Chavan (BJP), is preparing to contest the ZP elections from Saikheda. Three family members of former MLA Shivram Zole are also going to contest the elections from Igatpuri tehsil. Zole's wife Manisha, son Hemant and daughter-in-law Meera are in the race from Igatpuri tehsil.Likewise, Mandakini, wife of former MLA from Niphad Dilip Bankar, is also trying her luck from Palkhed constituency. Former Sena minister and sitting MLA from Deolali Babanrao Gholap's daughter Tanuja is also being fielded from Palse constituency.The wife of former MLA Kashinath Mengal Sushila is planning to enter the ZP from Eklehre constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11669550", "title": "A bus route portal for all your travel worries", "text": "COIMBATORE: Ever found yourself stranded in a bus stop without knowing which vehicle to board to reach your destination? Now, there is a digital solution on your fingertips. J Saravanan, a fourth-year information technology student of Kalaignar Karunanidhi Institute of Technology in Kannampalayam, has developed a portal, which will help you find the right bus for almost every route in Coimbatore.The inspiration behind the portal www.way2cbe.com was the website of the Metropolitan Transport Corporation.\"I spent a year developing the portal. Collecting the number of routes was the toughest job. With the help of my friends, I collected a database of bus routes. Then I created my bus route map of Coimbatore,\" says Saravanan.When Saravanan approached the TNSTC, officials were baffled by his request. \"They did not understand what I was saying and kept telling me to do the project with them. I also could not meet the top officials since I am only a college student,\" he said.However, Saravanan's contribution to the city has not gone unnoticed. The Residents Awareness Association of Coimbatore invited him to make a presentation before them after which they promised him all possible help. Further, Saravanan is swamped by requests to correct data and he is working round the clock to set things right. Digital forums and message boards such as digitalskycraper.com help Saravanan get feedback , which he responds to immediately.\"Mostly it was my own learning and help from friends with regard to bus routes. I was familiar only with the eastern part of the city as I come from Singanallur,\" Saravanan said.Behind the portal are 10,000 rows of data compiled into a database. A 'travelling salesman problem algorithm' which list out buses from every destination to origin is part of the website. All routes in Coimbatore are connected by a maximum of two buses. \"If you want to go from Ramanathapuram to Puliakulam, if you do a search from the respective origin to the destination, you can find the respective buses that take you there,\" he said.\"I want my portal to reach the people. I also have to take steps to protect the site from hackers. But the portal will never be a paid service. Also, I won't be licensing my site,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11668096", "title": "4-yr-old caught in Metro doors, mom falls on tracks", "text": "NEW DELHI: A four-year-old boy had a close shave on Saturday as he was trapped between the doors of the last coach of a Metro train which soon began to move, while his mother lost balance and fell onto the tracks. The boy was pulled away by two security guards in the nick of time. It is not clear yet how the train's sensors failed to detect the boy - a lapse that has been recurring for the past few months, resulting in injuries to passengers.Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) called it a \"minor accident\" and denied that the boy was trapped.Saturday's incident occurred at the crowded Rajiv Chowk station around 11am. Rajesh Seth, his wife Neerma and son Aditya were waiting for a train to Vaishali on their way home to Indirapuram after an outing. Seth said the three of them tried to board the train at 11.03am and managed to reach the last coach. \"There was a lot of rush and when we tried to board the train, my son's foot got trapped between the closing gates. My wife, who was holding Aditya, lost her balance and fell on the tracks when the train started to move,\" said Rajesh.Two securitymen rescued him at the last moment.Rajiv Chowk is the busiest intersection station, where thousands cross over between the busiest Blue Line (Anand Vihar-Dwarka sector 21) and Yellow Line (Gurgaon-Jahangirpuri). Adding to the rush, the train was the old four-coach one, and passengers expecting a six-coach train scrambled to make it to the last coach.Rajesh says but for two security guards, his wife and son would have been in trouble. \"One guard saved my son by pulling him out and, in the process, got injured. The other saved my wife,\" he said. Aditya complained of a swelling on his foot while his mother received minor scratches, Rajesh added.DMRC denied this version, saying the guards were injured while trying to stop the family from boarding the train. \"The family was trying to board the Metro. Since the doors were about to close they were stopped by the security guard,\" said a DMRC spokesperson. \"When the security guard tried to catch the child, he lost balance and fell on the tracks injuring himself.\"The two guards were identified as Hemant Kumar and Rajesh. Hemant reportedly fractured his knee cap in the incident and was treated at Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital.A case of negligence has been registered at the Raja Garden police station, additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia said. The police, however, had a different version altogether. \"The family was boarding the train to Vaishali when the doors closed and the child got stuck between the gates, partially inside the coach and partially hanging outside,\" said an investigating officer. \"Two guards saw the child hanging out dangerously and started chasing the moving train to save him. In that effort, one guard injured himself.\"An eyewitness, who refused to be identified, said the family had separated while waiting for the train, leading to confusion. While Seth boarded the train, mother and child were left to chase the train and the boy fell on the tracks, the eyewitness said.Commuters added that the poor frequency of trains was to blame for the rush. \"Passengers wait in hundreds for coaches five and six. But Metro has no announcement on the exact number of coaches entering the platform,\" said Mridul Chatterjee, who travels to Rajiv Chowk every day.on work. \"As such, when a four-coach train pulls in, there is a mad scramble for the last door of the last coach, leading to a stampede-like situation which even the security guards cannot handle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11674326", "title": "Nicola Roberts doesn't struggle with songs", "text": "Nicola Roberts finds songwriting \"simple\".The 'Yo-Yo' singer insists she doesn't find it difficult writing her own material because she just draws on her feelings and past experiences.She said: \"It's as simple as writing a song about a situation you've been through. And the things you haven't experienced? You imagine how it would feel. We've all got friends and family members who have got life experiences and we remember how they dealt with those situations.\"The Girls Aloud star has loved singing since she was a child and her frequent public performances saw the red-head nicknamed 'Cilla Black' by her family in homage to the 'Anyone Who Had a Heart' hitmaker.She added: \"One of my uncles nicknamed me Cilla. We used to live on an estate and all the houses were close together; I would run down the street signing and my family would be able to hear me and I'd be able to hear him saying, 'Cilla's on her way!' \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11670688", "title": "Bihar big leap towards \u2018power\u2019", "text": "PATNA: \"Bihar has attempted a big leap today towards self-sufficiency in power generation,\" said chief minister Nitish Kumar after he broke a coconut and laid the stone of a 1980MW thermal power project at Shivanpur in Aurangabad district on Saturday.The Nabinagar Power Generating Company Pvt Ltd project, a joint venture of NTPC and Bihar State Electricity Board, is to be completed at an estimated cost of Rs 12,965 crore. It will have three units with capacity to generate 660MW each in the first phase likely to be commissioned by 2015. The mega project requires 2,833 acres of land at the site, including 1,872 acres of private land.Addressing a gathering on the occasion, the CM referred to the land acquisition hiccups that sort of delayed work on the project and said each displaced person would be rehabilitated and the farmers whose land has been acquired would get compensation at the rate of Rs 21 lakh per acre. The CM said by December 31, 2009, and the company received necessary sanction from different ministries. But the land acquisition process faced stumbling blocks as the issues raised by the affected farmers were not understood. \"During my Seva Yatra in Aurangabad, I paid a surprise visit to the region and had a first-hand feel of the problems the farmers foresaw,\" he said and added he later sent JD-U leader Dr L B Singh to talk to the farmers and invite them for talks to Patna. After the completion of the first phase, the CM said, two more units of 660MW each would be installed for which a memorandum of understanding had already been signed with NTPC.\"Bihar will get 70% of the power generated at this thermal station,\" he said and added more such projects would be initiated provided there was availability of land. \"We should take a pledge to extend full cooperation to power generation in the state and write a new history of Bihar's progress. More power generation will bring jobs, factories and prosperity,\" he said and asked the NTPC to complete the project in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668260", "title": "Film-makers fume over anti-smoking diktat", "text": "MUMBAI: The decision of the censor board to ask the producers of Agneepath to run an anti-smoking scroll for the Chikni Chameli song has not gone down well with the industry. Many feel it is curbing their creative freedom and the producers' body is planning to write to the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) objecting to the new decision.Siddharth Roy Kapur of UTV Motion Pictures said, \"Producers will have to abide by the law of the land. However, it curbs creative freedom significantly and distracts the flow if one has to include anti-smoking scrolls in a movie.\"He added, \"The authorities should reconsider their decision and ask for all such messages to be included at the start of the film.\" The Association of Motion Pictures and Television Programme Producers (AMPTPP) is also not too happy.\"We will write to the CBFC demanding that such harsh rules should not be implemented. If the protagonist is a smoker then one can't be running a scroll each time he lights up on screen,\" AMPTPP president Ratan Jain said. The health ministry had recently issued a notification urging producers to run scroll if an actor was shown smoking in the film.The artiste doing the scene needed to shoot an anti-smoking message. \"If the notification was from the health ministry, then Katrina Kaif would have shot an anti-smoking message, which hasn't happened in the film,\" said a CBFC sourceFilm-maker Mahesh Bhatt has been fighting a case against the health ministry's 2006 notification. \"The censor board has the right to ask a film-maker put a warning scroll,\" Bhatt said. \"However, it does not mean that every time an actor smokes on screen producers will have to do what the producers of Agneepath were asked to do,\" the film-maker added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "11669406", "title": "Low-calorie contest high on health", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: An interesting and healthy 'Low calorie food contest' was organised in a gym on Pakhowal Road, which saw participation of its members of different age groups on Saturday.Vishvesh Khanna, executive chef, Sarovar Hotels, who heads Geffory's outlet in city, was the chief guest and one of the judges of the contest. He said all the 10 members had brought their preparations for the show and very enthusiastically shared the recipes as well.Mani Padam, a 43-year-old resident of Sarabha Nagar who had cooked grilled chicken and crunchy salad, was declared the winner by judges, including two dieticians, Priya Dost and Arvinder Kaur, who work in this gym. The second prize was bagged by 12-year-old Manvi Gilhotra of New Model Town, who had cooked idlis. Third prize was bagged by Ruchi Gupta, 25, a resident of Bharat Nagar Chowk, who had prepared veg salad and pasta.\"These three recipes were chosen on the basis of time taken to cook the dish and the knowledge of the contestants about their recipes. The competition was really interesting and I enjoyed being a part of it,\" added Vishvesh.Karandeep Grewal, who heads the gym in the city, said they keep organizing such events that are beneficial for the members and they learn new things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11668924", "title": "Woman who forced daughter into sex trade held in raids", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman who forced her daughter into the sex trade and a social worker were among three women arrested on Friday during raids conducted by the Anti-Vice Squad at two brothels in north Chennai. Five women rescued from the two brothels were later sent to the Government Home in Mylapore. All of them told police they had been forced into the trade.Police said that acting on specific information that Usha Jain (47) and Jagadeeswari (48) were running a prostitution racket at Vinyagapuram in the Kolathur area, a special team from the Anti-Vice Squad went to the spot posing as customers and arrested the duo.A police officer first approached one of the women who demanded Rs 5,000 for \"services\" at the house. After confirming that prostitution was being carried out there, the officer alerted other members of the team who were waiting outside. They barged in and arrested the two women pimps and rescued four girls. One of the rescued girls was identified as the daughter of Usha Jain. Both mother and daughter had been abandoned by their husbands, police said.In another operation at Kolathur, police arrested 37-year-old Vela alias Velankanni, who claimed to be a social worker in Korukkupet, and rescued a girl from her house.Usha Jain, Jagadeeswari and Velankanni were produced before a metropolitan magistrate's court in Saidapet before being remanded in judicial custody at the Puzhal prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11670853", "title": "Tharoor and mayor lock horns over waste issue", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Mayor K Chandrika has not taken kindly to MP Shashi Tharoor's statement that the city corporation has abrogated its responsibility to deal with the garbage crisis.In a statement, the Thiruvananthapuram MP suggested an immediate reopening of the Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant and said the city corporation controlled by the LDF for the past 32 years has failed its people.\"The tragedy is that, during the past three decades, the Corporation has frittered away the advantages of having inherited a fairly well-ordered civic system....The residents of Thiruvananthapuram and its environs are no less civic-minded than those in other cities. It is just that they deserve a corporation in which they have confidence and one which can provide the proper leadership and action,\" he said in a press release.Citing the offer of the Council of Barcelona, for signing a twinning agreement which could have benefitted the city, he said: \"The Corporation let go of opportunities that have arisen to access up-to-date technologies and systems available in other places.If that proposal (twinning agreement) had not been callously brushed aside on purely political considerations, Thiruvananthapuram could have benefitted from expertise and technologies being used in Barcelona for tackling such problems.\"The mayor said Tharoor must be the change he wishes to see. \"I wonder if Tharoor has ever visited Vilappilsala and how does he dispose the waste generated while in his apartment building?Lofty speeches aside, if garbage is playing on his mind then he should consider setting aside some money from his MP's fund to tackle the issue. He has not offered us one rupee.\"Reiterating her stand on the Barcelona twinning project she said: \"Norms have to be followed and we needed a green signal from the Union government to initiate the process. Despite having written to the then Union urban development minister S Jaipal Reddy and to Thaoor's office for clearance on a draft agreement, no acknowledgement was received.\"Tharoor suggested the government do not give up on the Vilappilsala treatment complex at a time when only work amounting to Rs 2.5 crore of the total Rs 13.58 crores for the setting up of the modern plant has been completed.He also said the residents of Vilappilsala, who wish to relocate, should be fully assisted by the state government.In a statement, MP Shashi Tharoor said that the city corporation has abrogated its responsibility to deal with the garbage crisi. He also asked for an immediate reopening of the Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant and said the city corporation controlled by the LDF for the past 32 years has failed its peopleThe residents of Thiruvananthapuram and its environs are no less civic-minded than those in other cities. It is just that they deserve a corporation in which they have confidenceShashi Tharoor| Congress MP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11668820", "title": "It\u2019s a slap on my face. I suspect a lobby in this", "text": "The department of space has penalised former Isro chief G Madhavan Nair and three other former top space officials by banning them from holding any government jobs for their role in the Antrix-Devas deal. But Nair tells Srinivas Laxman that he has not flouted the lawWhat was your reaction to the order which you say you had read only in the newspapers?It was a real slap on my face and I was shocked. I am now really sad and disgusted. I will immediately withdraw from all the government posts. The order which I read in the newspapers does not mention the reasons why I have been penalised. If any rules had been violated, there should have been a regular inquiry and a person should have been given an opportunity to state his point of view. All these have been violated. I wonder how the entire exercise could have been carried out in such a secret manner.How do you plan to respond to it?Once I read the official document, I will initiate measures to ensure that my honour is restored.The main charge against you is that while clinching the deal with Devas, rules were flouted and you failed to adhere to laid-down procedures.I totally disagree that I did not observe the rules. The agreement was signed by adhering to all the procedures. Antrix Corporation asked Devas to obtain the necessary licences from the department of telecommunications. Isro has nothing to do with the spectrum and spectrum charges. The technology which we were planning to introduce was unique and would have benefited the rural areas. The way things have happened I suspect that there could have been some pressure from some lobby.What type of pressure and what is this lobby you are referring to?I am convinced that the new chairman, K Radhakrishnan, was not comfortable with the deal. Within a month after he assumed charge in November 2009, he set up a committee to look into the Antrix-Devas agreement even though an earlier committee had given it a clean chit. Another group chaired by K N Shankara described it as a viable decision. Despite all this, Radhakrishnan sent a communique to the PMO saying the contract should be annulled.One serious charge against you is that the Union Cabinet was not informed that the two communication satellites GSat-6 and GSat-6A would be used by Devas and this has even been acknowledged by Isro. Comment please.Antrix Corporation is a public sector organisation and as such there is no need to inform the Cabinet. This is clearly stated in the rules and let me reiterate firmly and strongly that we have not flouted the law, rules or regulations. The Devas agreement was signed by conforming to all the rules. There were 18 meetings between Isro and Devas and all authorities were informed.It is being stated that the deal, if it had materialised, would have caused a major financial loss to the national exchequer. Do you agree?Definitely not. Isro's responsibility stops with the supply of transponders.Many are of the view that your public attack on the present Isro chairman will considerably damage the space agency's image. Do you agree?I maintain that whatever I have said is factual and my criticism is levelled against only an individual who is the team leader. Isro has nearly 16,000 employees and they are doing a fine job. If a team does not win, then it is the captain who is held responsible. This is what has happened in Isro.You have repeatedly stated that Isro's future under the leadership of Radhakrishnan is dim.Isro works on a long-range goal and you need a 10-year programme. When I was the chairman I had a profile done till the year 2020. In the last two years, however, there have been no major approvals for new projects, like for example the human space flight programme. Even the implementation of some existing programmes is very slow. There seems to be a lack of managerial and technical leadership in Isro. Under these circumstances, I can say that the future of Isro is pretty dim.Some of your own scientists blame you for not giving them credit for the discovery of water molecules by Chandrayaan-1's Moon Impact Probe on November 14, 2008. They say that you also allowed Nasa to walk away with credit for an Indian achievement.This is totally absurd. There was an agreement that the data will be shared by Isro and Nasa. I do not agree that the delay in announcing the Indian discovery was done deliberately. The findings by our instrument had to be corroborated. So we timed the announcement simultaneously both in Washington and Bangalore.How has your family reacted to these developments?My grandson is very happy to see his grandfather at home when he returns from school and my wife is happy that I am at home to help her with the domestic chores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11669140", "title": "Another Emaar \u2018crook\u2019 lands in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: With only three days left to file its chargesheet in the Emaar case, the CBI on Saturday arrested G Vijay Raghav a top Emaar-MGF official. Since the CBI court judge is on leave, the CBI authorities produced him before the Economic Offences Court and its judge R Sudhakar Naidu sent him to judicial remand till January 30.The CBI has to file its chargesheet in the Emaar scam by February 1, the 90-day time limit from the time the probe agency effected the first arrest three months ago by laying its hands on Koneru Rajendra Prasad, Dubai Emaar's liason officer.Vijay Raghav was shown as a key person in the remand report submitted to the court by the CBI. He is the head of finance wing (south) of Emaar- MGF and also the financial controller of the joint venture company Emaar Hills Township Pvt Ltd (EHTPL) that came into existence after an MoU was signed between the state government and Emaar Properties, Dubai.The CBI in its remand report charged Vijay Raghav with being an accomplice of the other accused in the scam with full knowledge of the fraud that was going on to cheat the public sector partner APIIC and to help unscrupulous private entities and individuals.The report says that he knew that the villas were being sold at more than Rs 60,000 per square yard and that only Rs 5,000 was shown in official records with an intention to cheat the state.In fact, several villas were shown to have been sold to various parties in Karnataka, Coimbatore etc, but no such buyers exist, the CBI said in its report coming to a conclusion that these villas were retained by MGF's top brass under benami names, the report says.It was Vijay Raghav who deposited Rs 5,000 per square yard in cash form with the state authorities despite knowing fully well that they were sold for a much higher price. Vijay Raghav, the latest entrant in the Emaar accused list, is charged with offences under IPC sections 120B read with 420, 409, 477A etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "shahjanwa (gorakhpur)", "code": "11669419", "title": "An island of peace in Poorvanchal's badland", "text": "SHAHJANWA (GORAKHPUR): If Poorvanchal has been known as an ocean of gun-running gangsters and criminal-turned-politicians, this village of Gorakhpur can be called an island of serenity. From 1996 to January 2011, a period when the entire Gorakhpur region was a hotbed of criminal activities, Takhta village of the district didn't report a single case of crime. None from the village had to pay a visit to the nearby Sahjanwa police station for lodging a complaint. If this is the Ramrajya politicians promise before poll, Takhta has achieved it in letter and spirit.Even in 1996, when the last case -- about a murder - had been registered before the next was lodged after a gap of 15 years, the crime had not taken place in the Takhta. In fact, one of the named murder accused -- a woman -- was a resident of this village. After this, the next case related to the village was lodged on January 25, 2011 about a fraud under Section 406 of the IPC. The case was lodged by Padmakar Tripathi who accused some persons of duping him of a tractor.\"Probably, it is the god's grace that we rarely had to knock at the doors of the police to solve our dispute,\" said 92-year-old Ram Samujh Shukla sitting with his fourth generation grandson Pintoo. The grand oldman of the village who distinctly remembers happenings of the distant past, says that the village was never crime-prone like majority of eastern UP villages and would see very low number of cases per year being lodged even before 1996.Interestingly, this is the native village of Ashwini Tripathi, who is contesting from Shahjanwa assembly segment on BJP ticket. The village has also produced two PCS officers. One of them -- Chandra Bhan Tripathi - died a few years back, while another one -- Baldeo Tripathi -- is at present posted as additional district development officer in social welfare department in Mau district.It is not so that a dispute never arises in the village, Shukla says, adding \"but the village elders always come forward to settle all problems before they go out of hand.\" These disputes have been limited only to minor altercations and nothing else, said Ashwini, who has also been Gorakhpur MP Adityanath's representative in Shahjanwa. Taking time out of his busy door-to-door campaigning, Ashwini while talking to TOI, said that the village has been crime free because villagers have obeyed the directives of the elders.Even Shahjanwa police also was caught unaware when told about this feat of the village. However, after checking the records, a cop said: \"I wish every village in this police station becomes like this. Let Ramraj be everywhere.\"Lucknow: The Bharatiya Janata Party on Saturday declared three more candidates for UP assembly election. Shyam Sundar Yadav has been fielded from Babina assembly constituency, while ex-BSP minister Badshah Singh will contest from Mahoba. Pramaod Yadav is in the fray from Malhani assembly constituency.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "11668304", "title": "Centre's award for CM's district", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Having won much kudos and many awards from the state government for effective implementation of various development schemes, including Kanya Suraksha Yojana and Mukhya Mantri Pul Nirman Yojana, Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal is now set to receive a national award from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for \"excellent implementation\" of rural development schemes, especially Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) schemes, in the district in 2010-11.Nalanda, which happens to be the native district of chief minister Nitish Kumar , thus becomes the state's first district to receive the coveted award ever since it was instituted by the Union rural development department four years ago. The other five districts to be awarded this award this year are Sarguja (Chhattisgarh), Nanded (Maharashtra), Nicobar (Andaman &amp; Nicobar), Vizianagaram (Andhra Pradesh) and Coimbatore (Tamil Nadu). The awards would be given to the district collectors at a function at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi on February 2.The \"excellent performance\" that has won the award includes \"outstanding management\" of traditional system of irrigation, drought management, convergence of other rural development schemes and generation of significant employment under MGNREGA.\"I often dream of reaching the rays of development to every doorstep of the poor and I relentlessly work to realize this dream,\" said the chartered accountant-turned-IAS official of 2002 batch. A Kishanganj native, he was schooled up to Plus II in the district town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668930", "title": "Didn\u2019t find cash, say Bandra kidnappers", "text": "MUMBAI: The four men arrested for kidnapping a 12-year-old Bandra boy earlier this week have told investigators that they were unable to find the bag containing ransom money of Rs 5 lakh. The police, however, are not buying their claim.The boy, son of a Bandra-based decorator and contractor, was kidnapped outside St Andrew's School on Monday. The kidnappers picked him up, assuming that he must come from a well-off family as he lived in Bandra. After the boy's father handed the ransom amount to the kidnappers, he was sent home.The police traced the four accused-Niranjan Mishra, Vedprakash Yadav, Vinod Pandey and Abdul Sattar-to Bhandup through the location of their mobiles.During interrogation, the four told the cops that following their instructions, the boy's father threw the bag containing the ransom money from a moving train near Shelu station on January 24. Yadav and Mishra claim they searched but could not find the bag. Yadav claims the duo fled after spotting railway gangmen heading towards them.On January 25, the accused, under pressure to release the boy as his father had technically paid the ransom, stopped an auto at Bandra-Kurla Complex and sent the child home in it. Before long, the West Region Special Squad of the police caught two of the men and the anti-extortion cell nabbed the rest. \"The boy's father told us that Yadav had phoned him after receiving the ransom money, so the accused's claims of not having found the bag appear untrue,\" a police source said.The police are trying to find out if the accused have crime record in north India where they hail from. They have been sent to police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670190", "title": "500 Russians stranded in state", "text": "PANAJI: Almost 500 Russian tourists are stranded in Goa after the sudden suspension of operations by their tour operator which claimed \" financial collapse\", a representative of the Russian consulate in Goa said on Saturday.While some Russian tourists who arrived at the Dabolim airport had to make arrangements for an extended temporary stay in Goa, others stranded here continued to reside at their current accommodations.The Russian consulate in Mumbai has been alerted about the situation , said Vikram Varma, the consulate's representative in Goa.\"I am informed that around 500 Russian tourists who had arrived through the tour operator are stranded in Goa and require assistance in terms of hotel stay and return to Russia. All possible assistance is being provided in that direction,\" he told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11669494", "title": "'Ideate and discover something new for each day'", "text": "JAIPUR: When India's dream merchants spoke at the day-long Technology Entertainment Design (TEDx) conference, encompassing diverse spectrums, it sent the packed hall back with enough food for thought. The theme of the conference was \" Beginnings\".\"Ideation is one of the greatest joys. Before you step into your shoes to begin the day, ideate and discover something new for each day. This will give you more pleasure than you have ever known,\" said Alyque Padamsee, the 'Advertising Man of the Century.'\"TEDx is relatively new to Jaipur. The idea of organizing the TEDx conference here was to identify broader global ideas and provide a platform to spread these innovative ideas to the masses leading to further value addition,\" said R C Maheshwari, advisor, TEDx Jaipur.Padamsee's one line description of India, \"India is a first world country and the Indian government the third world country,\" drew a loud applause from the audience.Recently, he created the idea of a fatwa against terrorism, which was announced by the Grand Mufti of the Deoband Uloom. \"The 9/11 is not too way back. If Quran is against the killing of innocent people then why shouldn't there be a fatwa against terrorists who kill hundreds of innocents. This would make the sympathizers realize that when what is happening is not Islamic, why sympathize and support it. This would go a long way in stopping the support that the terrorist groups receive,\" Padamsee said.Then there were candid insights of former governor and a sincere worker, Josefina Mendoza Dela Cruz of the province of Bulacan Phillipines throughout 1998-2007 who has an overall 21 years of experience in local governance that were a deep insight into the corruption mechanisms in the political system.\"Technology controls corruption. But wrong use can also be damaging. In May 2010, the government of the Philippines planned to carry out its first ever entirely electronically tabulated election and I lost,\" she said and it was all too clear to the audience, why?The day began with Dileep Ranjekar, CEO of Azim Premji Foundation that believes education is the most non-violent way of changing the society. \"Why is it that no political party ever has education for all as their election manifesto? Is it because there is money in bijli, paani and sadak?\" said Dileep, enumerating various innovative initiatives of the foundation.Then there was Srijan Pal Singh, IIM gold medalist, who let go of an offer from a much sought-after consulting group and followed his instinct to work with Abdul Kalam on a project, 'Provision of Urban Amenities in Rural Areas, PURA.'The heavy ideating was, however, punctuated with experiences of Nithya Shanti, MBA from XLRI, now a spiritual teacher, committed to sharing practical wisdom teachings for happiness and enlightenment in a joyful and transformational way.Some of the other TEDx speakers at Jaipur were Marooz Raza, David Wittenberg, Myshkin Ingawale, innovator, ToucHb, a portable, non-invasive, hemoglobin estimation device that gives instant readings. The hectic day concluded with the soulful music of Georgie Pope, international musician, UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11675020", "title": "Meghana Raj shines in Mollywood", "text": "The Uyarthiru 420 heroine, Meghana Raj, still has at least two pending releases in Tamil - Kallasirippu Azhaga and Nandha Nandhitha, and the indeed long-time pending Krishnaleelai.However, the actress, who is currently testing waters in Mollywood with four projects in hand, including one with actor Prithviraj says, \"I had a good release in Malayalam, with good feedback on my role in particular. 'Beautiful' was regarded as one the cult releases in Mollywood.\"\"Presently, my projects in Malayalam are a film with Indrajith, titled Mullamottum Munthirichaarum, a film with actor Prithiviraj, then one with Anup Menon and one film with Lal. These are the four projects I am doing in Mollywood. But I am open to doing good films in any language.\"\"Considering the fact that I am getting to play the lead in all the films I am doing, I would be choosy about my scripts, depending upon the significance of my role in the film,\" she adds.Regarding any new Tamil projects the actress says, \"Two big projects are on the cards, one with a big director and another with a big actor, and we are in the process of finalization. In Kannada, I am doing a film called Mynaa and it is not the remake of the Prabusolomon film in Tamil.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670272", "title": "Suspend officials, EC tells govt", "text": "PANAJI: The election commission has recommended suspension of two officials, including a senior officer, in connection with complaints of recruitment after election code of conduct had come into effect.The action is recommended after the commission investigated the complaints filed last month regarding job interviews and handing over of appointment letters to candidate in breach of the election code of conduct.The letter recommending the suspension has been dispatched to the chief secretary by the chief electoral office sources said.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11669830", "title": "43 fishermen back home", "text": "TRICHY: Over a week after being caught by the Sri Lankan authorities beyond the International Maritime Boundary Line (IMBL) and close to Triconamalee port, 43 fishermen of Akkaraipettai in Nagappattinam returned to Nagapattinam port with their six boats on Saturday night.Minister of Fisheries KA Jayapal, Nagappattinam district collector T Munusamy and officials from the fisheries department were among those including the families of the fishermen who gathered at Nagappattinam port to receive them.It may be recalled that they had gone fishing on January 22 and were supposed to return on January 25. Later, it was known that they were caught by the Sri Lankan authorities for having ventured into Lankan territory.V Gunasekaran, assistant director, department of fisheries, Nagapattinam, told TOI that the fishermen themselves returned to Nagappattinam by boat. Usually, the fishermen are handed over to the Coast Guard who would take them to the shore. However, this time the fishermen came on their own.N Munusamy (38) of Puthupettai, one among the 43 fishermen who returned, told TOI over phone that they were caught by the Sri Lankan authorities on January 24 at 11 am. Though they were fishing in Indian waters, the waves forced their boats to enter Sri Lanka. They captured 15 boats but released nine of them. Then the six boats and 43 fishermen were kept under their custody in Triconamalee. The Sri Lankan authorities seized their catch but returned their mobile phones and GPS.On January 28 at 4.50 pm, they let them off without registering a case. The Sri Lankan coast guard accompanied the fishermen for about 15 nautical miles from Triconamalee. Then, the fishermen reached Nagappattinam at around 9 pm.Reacting to Munusamy's return, his wife Annapackiam told TOI that she was now rid of tension. Fishing into the deep waters was a new experience for her husband as he was running a small shop in their village prior to that. Hereafter, she said she would not allow him to venture deep into the sea.Minister Jayapal told reporters present that all the 43 fishermen were released after being produced in the Sri Lankan court in the wake of the immediate steps taken by chief minister Jayalalithaa.Collector Munusamy told TOI over phone that a case was not registered against them. But they seized their catch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11670194", "title": "Threatened by realtors, teacher jumps to death", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Allegedly forced to sell off his residential plot worth Rs 34 lakh for just Rs 10 lakh, a teacher employed in a government primary school committed suicide by jumping before a moving train near Kurukshetra railway station on Friday night.Identified as Karamvir Singh, a resident of Azad Nagar Colony, he was posted at Government Primary School, Sawat, in Jind district. He was under pressure from property dealers to execute the sale agreement at the earliest. In his statement to police, Karamvir Singh's brother Ratan Singh had named the property dealers who had been pressuring him, seeking registration of abetment to commit suicide case against them.\"We have received complaint from the victim's family and are verifying the facts before taking the final call on registration of a case,\" said Shish Pal, SHO of GRP station in Kurukshetra. They (property dealers) had been initially pursuing him to sell off the plot. They had even given him some token amount as offer money. \"My brother discussed this issue with the family and as they objected to the deal, he had told the dealers to take back the token amount. Property dealers refused to take back the money and were threatening him of implicating in criminal case and other consequences if he did not executed the sale deed,'' Ratan Singh alleged in his complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11669868", "title": "The best of times", "text": "Car bombs are still killing people in Iraq and missiles are raining almost daily in the Af-Pak region; in Africa , ethnic groups are still fighting with each other; Maoists and terror groups continue to target innocent people in India; and there is a global alert against al-Qaida's growing violent network. And yet, Harvard psychologist Steven Pinker believes, as he said last week at the Jaipur literary festival, that we are living in the \"most peaceful times ever in history\". Pinker has a point. The era of barbaric huntergatherers, violent medieval wars, mass religious retributions are long gone. The world is more \"civilized\" now, preferring to make money and peace than war. But is this the reality?It may well be. We are living in the most peaceful times not just because there is less violence but because never before in human history have so many people had it so good.True, life has been on the upswing in the west for half a century and Indians are trying to catch up only now. Even so, many of us now live longer, eat better, earn more, travel at the slightest whim, and have ever-changing technology within easy reach to make life so comfortable that it is something the previous generation could not even have dreamt about. Retired journalist V S Prabhakar, 81, remembers the time just after Independence in 1947 when food was rationed. \"We were short of everything. We didn't have enough money. Jobs were few and the education was geared to create a clerical class,\" he says.Those days drought, famine and diseases like cholera and TB levelled the population quite often, and medicines were scarce. Life expectancy in India was just 31 in 1947. Dr R N Verma, a consultant physician at Fortis Hospital, Delhi, remembers the time when his grandfather and father, both doctors in Rawalpindi, innovated when constrained by equipment. \"My father, an MBBS doctor, would make IV fluids himself, sometimes using coconut water. Once, a patient with a broken spine was brought to him. He simply got a galvanized metal sheet cut in the shape of his body, padded it with cotton and immobilized the patient,\" he says.Today, life expectancy in India has shot up to 68, and new drugs and technology have helped us combat many diseases, leading to the eradication of smallpox and polio. For those who can flash cashless cards, there are five-star hospitals and superspeciality doctors at their service.So, what do we keep cribbing about?The negative side of this happy story is that the poor are yet to join the party. Poor health and hunger are two battles India still has to win. But the good news is that there is no shortage of food. India's challenge now is nutrition, and not hunger. In 2011, India produced 242m tonnes of foodgrain. \"We are very comfortable with regard to rice, wheat and milk production. Our godowns are filled with grain,\" says P K Joshi, director, South Asia, at International Food Policy Research Institute, Delhi. Bazaars are overloaded with exotic food for those with thick wallets. But the poor don't have the buying power - 27% of Indians are below the poverty line and 40% are malnourished or undernourished, while the middle class and the rich, ironically, fight temptation and obesity. \"There's food security but not nutrition security,\" adds Joshi.That's the dark underbelly of India, but the country's has still conjured up a dramatic economic turnaround in the past 20 years. With the GDP looking to break the $2 trillion barrier soon, the Indian economy is said to be one of fastest engines of growth. It's attracting footfalls of foreign investors across sectors - from sports and entertainment to retail. \"The Indian economy is fertile land for FDI,\" says Arup Mitra of the Institute of Economic Growth, Delhi. \"The growth has been largely in the services sector, though not industry. Infrastructure has also benefitted. Conversely, Indian investors are investing abroad.\"The country's growth is largely driven by a growing middle-class, young consumers and rising per-capita incomes. Middle-income consumers are estimated to rise from less than 15m households in 2005 to almost 70m by 2015, and further to 140m by 2025. While land and gold are still their favourite investments, people are also splurging on consumer brands, food and holidays.Travel too has become easier and cheaper. \"For example, while earlier a passenger could go to Bangkok only on AI and Thai International, today, he is spoiled for choice, be it AI, Jet, Philippine Airlines or Air Asia. A package to Bangkok which cost Rs 30-35,000 two decades back is today between Rs 18-25,000,\" says Subhash Goyal, founder chairman of STIC travel group. \"A package to Sri Lanka costs as little as Rs 18,000\" Travel is also seamless and nonstop with long haul planes such as the B-777. And within the Capital, there's no greater way to be mobile than in the spanking clean Metro. Within the next four to five years, 14-15 other cities will have it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11672867", "title": "Hands-on students learn from lab &amp; life", "text": "NEW DELHI: School is not about rote learning anymore. With theme-based activities and the Internet, classrooms are more real and virtual at the same time. Maths alone is not a determiner of ability anymore - you can even sing your way to success. And students are loving the e-life.Hindi classes in the basketball court, preparing biofertilizer , adopting a nearby natural resource for environmental studies to video-conferencing with peer groups across continents, preparing bhelpuri to monthly theme parties - all such activities have taken the classroom beyond the traditional four walls.Teaching and learning is no more complete with just studying about magnets or the mimosa plant from the NCERT textbooks, students need to see the loadstone on the Youtube or go out to the herbal garden in the school or to the nearby lake for a 'touch-me-not ' experience.The students of Ahlcon International , Mayur Vihar, have not only adopted Sanjay Lake near the school as their encyclopedia to understand environment, they are now regularly monitoring the quality of water and studying its flora and fauna. \"The product of our herbal garden is a book on herbal plants compiled by the students.Understanding of play and literature is now done in the playground where students enact it as they learn. Teaching-learning process is now all about hands-on activities,\" said principal of Ahlcon International, Ashok Pandey.DPS, Mathura Road, students are doing the same for a clean Yamuna. Students of DAV, Vikaspuri, meanwhile, are learning about endangered plant species. They have managed to procure one from a Northeast state and are trying to bring it up in their school garden.This shift in classroom dynamics can also be gauged at Amity International, Saket, which believes that at the pre-primary level, everything can be learnt by the students doing the activities themselves . \"Flash card, puppets and role playing are the tools we use. We take the kids on field trips and even to places like the market. Then there are theme parties for each class where the students took the stage and express themselves as per the theme - be it rain, clouds, trees. At the middle level, we let students do investigatory projects, where they have to find a problem, investigate it themselves and come to a conclusion,\" said Amity International principal Rekha Ranade.Classrooms, too, have changed into activity areas, with each school putting up activity rooms for music, yoga, mathematics , language, science and other subject-specific themes, where students are allowed to freely experiment. Calling it experiential learning, the principal of DPS, Mathura Road, M I Hussain, said: \"Students are now much more informed, are active participants unlike in the past. They don't need teachers to manage even an event of international level. Today the concept is not to introduce the students to issues formally from textbooks but expose them to daily issues related to life practically. They are taken to the river front to understand pollution.\"And with the introduction of the continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) system, every activity is being accounted for and even participating in a science exhibition is taken more seriously than just confining to the theories of the books. \"Students get points for participation in mock UN, youth parliament or exhibitions. In fact, it is mandatory for students in Amity to participate in a science exhibition and create something,\" said Ranade.Playgrounds, too, became classrooms soon after the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) introduced the Physical Education in Curriculum (PEC) cards, a concept borrowed from the British Council, in which students play a variety of games to understand academic concepts. Introduced in 30 city schools, including Springdales, Amity Internationals, The Indian School and Bloom Public School besides government schools three years ago, PEC has become really popular with children in primary classes as it promotes healthy and joyful learning. \"PEC is running quite well in schools with children thoroughly enjoying learning,\" said Tania Joshi, vice-principal , The Indian School.(With inputs from Neha Pushkarna)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "imphal/ chandel", "code": "11668287", "title": "7 dead, 82% turnout in Manipur polls", "text": "IMPHAL/ CHANDEL: The Election Commission's assurance of peaceful elections came a cropper on the first day of polling in Manipur when seven persons, including a CRPF jawan and four poll officials, were killed even as an 82% turnout was recorded on Saturday.DGP R Baral said a suspected NSCN(IM) militant entered a booth at Thampi polling station in Chandel constituency and asked officials to stop polling. When they refused, he fired at them. A few CRPF men rushed in and returned fire, killing the rebel. \"Six persons were killed on the spot. An injured later died in hospital,\" said Baral. Among the deceased was a minor girl who had accompanied relatives to the booth.It's learnt that three Naga militants entered the booth posing as voters. While one began firing from a pistol and was killed, the other two escaped, said a source.Thampi presiding officer Ibotombi Singh was among those killed. The minor girl who was accompanying her relatives was identified as Nanliu (14).The dead militant was identified as Benhenson Nulla. An identity card showing him as a teacher of a Dimapur school and a pistol were recovered from his body.Meanwhile, an IED was recovered near a Congress worker's house in Sagolband in Imphal West.Election Commission officials said barring this incidence of violence and a few other stray clashes, polling was peaceful in the Imphal valley. Elaborate security arrangements were made to prevent militants from disrupting polls. The EC deployed an additional 350 companies of CRPF besides 25,000 state police personnel. Army and Assam Rifles jawans were deployed for area dominance exercises.Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh, who is eyeing a third term in office, was the first person to cast his vote at Thoubal Athokpam Primary School polling station in Khangabok constituency at 7am. His wife, Landhoni Devi, is seeking her re-election from the Khangabok seat. Ibobi is contesting from the neighbouring Thoubal.The CM said he was confident of Congress getting an absolute majority. \"We will get a minimum of 35 seats and it could go up to 45,\" he said. On the 11 Naga-dominated seats, Ibobi said the Congress would win at least 50% of them.Senior NCP leader Radhabinod Koijam, the CM candidate of the opposition alliance, People's Democratic Front (PDF), said he was confident of NCP winning 12 to 15 seats. \"I am sure people will throw out Congress because of its misgovernance and corruption,\" said Koijam, who is contesting from Thangmeiband, Imphal west.Those killed include a CRPF man, three village volunteer force personnel and a civilian. Two people were injured when miliants attacked a polling station in an interior area in Sugnu assembly constituency in Chandel district. Two CRPF personnel on poll duty were killed in an ambush by militants in Ukhrul district on Friday. There were reports of bombs having been planted by militants before the start of polling in Khurai Chingangbam area, Sawombung High School, Khomidok in Imphal East district and Naoremthong High School area in Imphal West district.EC officials said as per preliminary official reports, 82% of the 17.40 lakh electorate cast votes. But details from nine districts had not been received. Deputy Election Officer Alok Shukla said comprehensive voter turnout would be known later as polling continued till late due to long queues. He said voter turnout could be higher. In 2007, turnout was 84.7% that fell to 67.8% during parliamentary election in 2009.A total of 279 candidates, including 15 women, were in the fray for the 60-member Manipur assembly. The EC had set up 2,365 polling stations and appointed 19 general observers, nine police observers and 13 expenditure observers, besides 64 assistant expenditure observers and 135 micro observers for smooth and fair polls in the state. While two helicopters were also pressed into service and video cameras used in these polls, live webcasting of polling was done in 60 polling stations.Political fate of leading Manipur politicians has been sealed now. This includes chief minister Ibobi Singh (Thoubal), forest minister and congress leader Debendra (Jiribam), Congress nominee and Speaker I Hemochandra Singh (Shingjamei), former chief minister and NCP chief Radhabinod Koijam (Thangmeiband) and Manipur People's Party (MPP) leader and former deputy chief minister] L Chandramani Singh (Patsoi).Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11669924", "title": "Art goes places: Metros to Tier-II", "text": "When the fourth edition of the India Art Fair comes to an end on Sunday evening in Delhi, some new records would have been set, some broken, some overachieved and some not met at all. And then, the art world would plunge itself into a pool of analysis, debating what sold, what didn't, for how much and the future, of course. However, chances are that the buyers, most of whom prefer to remain anonymous, would be from the same band of approximately 200 individuals, corporate and institutions who patronize India's emerging art market.That's a ridiculously small number for any market if it has to continue to grow at a good pace. And in a way, it also rings hollow the drone that surrounds the Indian art market. Experts have for long insisted on a broader base for the market, beyond the limited number of collectors present, mostly in Delhi and Mumbai. While that big change, absolutely necessary to take the fortunes of the Indian art to the next level, may still be a few years away, a small beginning has been made. This year's fair saw a new phenomenon: the rise of art galleries and buyers from Tier-II cities.If you had not been taken in by the big-ticket signatures of Pablo Picasso, Salvador Dali, Damien Hirst or our very own M F Husain , S H Raza, Subodh Gupta and Pakistan's Rashid Rana, you couldn't have missed the presence of Tier-II India at this haute affair.This year, galleries from new art centres - Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, Kochi and Jaipur - are competing for space with the biggies, not just from India but also from the world art capitals like London, Paris and New York. Quite a few of them such as Archer Art Gallery from Ahmedabad and Gallery OED (Open Eyed Dreams) from Kochi are on their repeat outing to the fair, while others like Kalakriti and Shrishti art galleries from Hyderabad are here for the first time.\"Newer and younger collectors, especially those buying art for the first time, don't hit straight for the top artists like Husain or Raza because of the prohibitive prices. They want to begin at lower price points and that's where galleries like mine come in to help initiate them into the world of buying art,\" says Manan Relia of the Archer Art Gallery. He adds that this group of new buyers is evenly spread across Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Surat, Ahmedabad and other Tier-II cities. He hopes that this new group would eventually graduate to buying topnotch art. \"I get many queries for serigraphs that I sell from Pune,\" he adds.Hyderabad is another city where the number of rich with disposable income has grown substantially in the past couple of decades, and the new rich of the city are turning to art in a big way. They too want good and expensive paintings on their walls. Remani Nambiar, whose Hyderabad gallery Shrishti has turned 10 this year, says that though she has clients in Delhi, Mumbai and overseas, locals too are emerging as buyers. \"Many people in Hyderabad are setting up new homes and come to us to fill their blank walls,\" says Nambiar.For Dilip Narayanan of OED Gallery, Kochi, there is a lot to look forward to in the emerging markets of south India. \"Besides overseas buyers, I cater to a big demand from corporates in Kochi. We sell well in Chennai too. Rimzon is popular with buyers in Thiruvananthapuram while Rajan Krishnan is sought after in Kochi,\" says Narayanan.Participation at the art fair also helps galleries from Tier-II India get suitable exposure to the business of art by learning from the experiences of the big guys even as they remain rooted in their respective cities. And if the Indian art market does expand in the years to come, these galleries would stand to benefit as they are already ahead of the curve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "venur (dk dist)", "code": "11670248", "title": "CM for Jainology chair at MU", "text": "VENUR (DK DIST): Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Saturday underlined that Bahubali's message of sacrifice, abdication, sublimity and non-violence are more relevant now, than ever before.Inaugurating the nine-day Mahamastakabhisheka to the 35-foot monolithic statue of the Bahubali sculptured in 1604 here, Gowda said he has decided to institute a chair in Jainolgy at Mangalore University and will come out with the details during the budget session.Speaking to STOI later, Gowda said he would rather instruct MU to institute the chair and put Karnataka government's special representative in Delhi - V Dhananjaya Kumar - in charge with the modalities regarding the launch of the chair.\"This, I feel, is of utmost necessity as thoughts of sacrifice are completely void in the society at large, due to which values have eroded. The chair will try to rekindle the spirit of sacrifice by making the values Bahubali stood for, spread far and wide,'' he added. He said the chair should be functional by the next academic year.Replying to the blessings of Acharya Sri 108 Gunadhara Nandi Maharaja and assurance that he will not be troubled during his tenure, Gowda said: \"During the five-and-a-half months of my tenure as the CM, I have acted according to the needs of people without giving much attention to the troubles which have come in my way. As per the advice of Dharmadhikari D Veerendra Heggade, I have done deeds in good faith and as per my conscience for the good of the people,'' the CM said. In what could be termed as a jibe against his predecessor, Gowda said a person without a 'guru and guri' (teacher and goal) lose sight and misuse power, and added that in democracy, welfare of the people is paramount.Regarding the plea of Acharya Sri 108 Gunadhara Nandi Maharaj that not even a percent of the funds allocated to minorities were given to Jains, Gowda said: \"I call upon Dhananjaya Kumar to spell out what needs to be done and I will carry out the rest.\"Later, the CM visited the main venue and sought the blessings of Bahubali. Though Gowda was supposed to arrive at 3.30pm, he was delayed by more than two hours due to which his schedule went awry. Instead of returning to the capital, he stayed in Mangalore after participating in a religious programme at Panja in Sullia taluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11669764", "title": "Call records of missing teen\u2019s kin, friends to be checked", "text": "MUMBAI: In an attempt to trace Akshay Rawal, the Kalbadevi teen who disappeared on Wednesday, the police will now go through the phone records of Akshay's family and friends.\"We have requested the phone companies to give us a list of outgoing and incoming calls for his parents and friends. We might get some leads in case he made some calls before he left home,\" said inspector A Patil of LT Marg police station. The teen does not own a cellphone.Rawal's parents met Avinash Sonawane, senior police inspector of LT Marg police station on Saturday, to discuss the future course of action. \"We have a small business and don't have personal enemies. Akshay was an average student and a happy child. There was no pressure on him, so we are sure he has not run away,\" said his brother, Vipul.The police said that investigations were being hampered by the upcoming Class X exams. They have been interrogating Akshay's friends, all of whom study in Class X at Barretto High School in Bhuleshwar, and even detained one boy. However, parents are worried that their children would be unable to focus on their studies. \"It is becoming difficult for us to question them as they don't want to waste too much time. This is understandable since exams are coming and they cannot take a chance with their future,\" said Patil.Cops admitted they had to let go of Ketan Sharma, the teen who was detained, because of pressure from his family and the school. The police officers were unable to find clinching evidence against Sharma, as he was able to answer all questions with \"unusual confidence\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11669288", "title": "'Accidental' love story straight out of a movie script", "text": "Theirs is a filmy love story. A boy and a girl meet, fall in love, family disapproves of their relationship, and then an accident occurs that changes the love story for good. After three years of being married, 29-year-old Pawan Sareen and 22-year-old Chandani play with their year-old daughter Iiecha while remembering how an accident led to a wedding.\"We saw each other in a temple in 2005 and became friends. Then we started meeting frequently but it cost us dearly as our parents came to know of it,\" said Pawan, a businessman. He and Chandani, who were students at the time, were called by their parents and warned strictly to stay away from each other. \"That was a tough time. Initially, we stopped meeting but kept sending messages to each other just to know how things were on the other side,\" said Chandani.The duo, however, could not stay away too long and decided to meet. \"When we met again after a while, we expressed our love for each other but were confused about what to do because our parents were dead against the relationship,\" said Pawan.They planned to settle it once and for all and decided to meet again for a final decision on January 25, 2009. \"We went to Dreamland in Sahnewal and on our way back, had a fight, as he wanted to take some more time to convince his parents. He got angry and started driving very fast. Our car hit a truck and both of us got seriously injured. We were taken to the hospital and had to inform our parents,\" said Chandani.They both, however, forgot all the pain when their parents agreed for their marriage in the hospital itself. \"Now when Iiecha will grow up, we will narrate our entire story to her, how an accident changed our lives. All our friends laugh at us and our filmy love story,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11668294", "title": "Choubey begins jan swasthya yatra", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government on Saturday launched 'Jan Swasthya Chetna Yatra' from the historic Gandhi Maidan here with an aim to provide medicare to over one crore of the state's population at different camps to be organized in all the 38 districts of the state in two phases.Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey embarked on the yatra flagged off by chairman, Bihar legislative council, Tarakant Jha, in the presence of speaker, Bihar legislative assembly, Uday Narayan Chaudhary. Several ministers including Nand Kishore Yadav , Narendra Singh, Chandramohan Rai, Bhim Singh and Prem Kumar were among those present.Choubey said, \"This year's yatra aims to reach over 1 crore people against 31.98 lakh covered in 2011 yatra,\" and added, \"Every primary health centre (PHC) and health sub-centres would be covered this time\". He asked the doctors to reach hospital on time. \"No body is stopping you from doing private practice , but any lapse on account of that would not be tolerated.\" He also announced that the stipend of junior doctors would be raised from April this year and asked them not to go on strike as scheduled from January 31.In the first phase between January 28-February 20, 20 districts would be covered, while the remaining 18 districts would be covered between April 3-30. The schedule of the second phase to be undertaken after the assembly session would be announced later.Tarakant Jha said on the occasion, \"As today in every household health and education have become a necessity, there is need to lessen the cost of medical studies.\" To attract doctors to provide services in rural areas, proper arrangements should be made for the educational, health and other basic needs of their wards. He also asked the health department to reconsider its drug procurement policy and ensure their availability at hospitals.The yatra aims to provide health cards to all the schoolchildren of the state by March 22, which would be celebrated as Bihar Diwas, giving impetus to family planning operations, bringing down infant and maternal mortality rate, increasing institutional deliveries, checking malnutrition, strengthening vaccination programme, successful implementation of blindness control programme and mass awareness programme in kala-azar and encephalitis affected areas. The government announced to observe kala-azar week from March 15 to 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11675514", "title": "26/11 probe: Pak judicial commission to arrive in Mumbai on Feb 3", "text": "MUMBAI: A Pakistani judicial commission will arrive here on February 3 to record the statements of key persons involved in Mumbai attack probe.Official sources said that officers of the crime branch have been asked to provide assistance to the Pakistani commission during their visit here for which the Bombay high court had recently given a go-ahead.The commission will be recording the statement of Ramesh Mahale, the 26/11 case investigating officer and R V Sawant-Waghul, the magistrate who recorded the confessional statement of lone surviving Pakistani gunman Ajmal Kasab . The statements of a few doctors of J J Hospital who treated Kasab will also be recorded, the sources said.All the statements would be recorded at Esplanade court in south Mumbai, they said.Pakistan has already issued a gazette notification on the formation of the judicial commission and has listed the members who will represent the Pakistan government.The delegation will include Khalid Qureshi, the head of the Federal Investigation Agency's Special Investigation Group, and Muhammad Azhar Chaudhry and Chaudhry Zulifqar-- the two main prosecutors.The commission will also have representatives of the defence lawyers. Accordingly, five counsel of seven Pakistani suspects charged with involvement in the Mumbai attacks had informed the anti-terrorism court that they were prepared to go to India.The commission was announced by Pakistan in response to a directive from the anti-terrorism court that is conducting the trial of seven Pakistani suspects, including Lashkar-e-Taiba commander Zaki-ur Rehman Lakhvi, who have been charged with planning and financing the attacks in 2008 that killed 166 people.The five lawyers were Lakhvi's counsel Khwaja Sultan, Riaz Cheema, Asam bin Haris and Fakhar-e-Hayat. The defence team submitted the passports and other documents of the five lawyers to the court.During the home secretary-level talks held in New Delhi in March last year, India had agreed to the Pakistani proposal to host the judicial commission of that country as Islamabad maintained that it was necessary to send the panel to India as part of the judicial process in Pakistan.Pakistan's contention is that the charges against seven LeT operatives, including its 'operation commander' Lakhvi, lodged in a jail there, are based on Kasab's statement in Mumbai and hence the magistrate and the IO's statements are necessary to submit before the anti-terror court.The trial in the Rawalpindi court has been going on at a snail's pace and Indian officials are not very optimistic that the guilty will be punished any time soon. Curiously, four judges of the court have been changed ever since the trial began in early 2009. Shahid Rafique is the fifth judge to hear the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11668985", "title": "Mayor faces language problem", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mayor Mohd Majid Hussain is facing a peculiar problem. The young mayor's mother tongue is Urdu. Being a student of English medium, he can probably manage in the language. But understanding Telugu has become pretty difficult for him.With most citizens venting their problems in Telugu and the language becoming a major communication barrier, he is taking the help of his officer on special duty (OSD) to translate their grievances.To overcome the language barrier, especially during council meetings where majority of corporators speak in Telugu, Hussain has asked Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) commissioner MT Krishna Babu to provide voice conversion system to translate Telugu to Urdu and vice versa simultaneously.The commissioner has directed the engineering wing to provide the facility at the GHMC council hall for the benefit of mayor and other corporators. As per initial estimates, for wired technology, the equipment and arrangements cost would be about Rs 1.10 crore, while it would be Rs 86 lakh for wireless technology.A simultaneous interpretation system is currently in place at the Assembly, Legislative Council, National Institute of Rural Development, National Police Academy, Hyderabad International Convention Centre, the chief minister's chambers at the Secretariat, camp office and Jubilee Hall. In this system, speeches are translated into different languages simultaneously by interpreters. Participants can hear the speeches in the language of their choice with specially-designed headphones.As of now, the corporation has two translators (an English to Urdu and English to Telugu) and two computer operators (Urdu and Telugu each). As they have experience only in translation of texts, the GHMC is planning to rope in Assembly interpreters as they have experience in translating proceedings in the House.Language woes are common during the corporation's general council meetings. Whenever officials speak either in Telugu or English, the corporators, especially from the Majlis Ittehadul-e-Muslimeen (MIM), demand they either switch over to Hindi or Urdu. On several occasions, the corporators demanded answers in Urdu for the questions they raised. They also wanted the material supplied during council meetings in Urdu apart from English and Telugu.Former GHMC commissioner Sameer Sharma used to answer queries in Hindi, but the present commissioner, who is not well-versed with the national language, answers questions either in English or Telugu. Only if the corporators insist he tries to speak in Hindi.Some additional commissioners have also similar languages problems. Officials claim the system would also be useful to officials when they speak or give replies in the council meetings.When contacted, GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh said they were in the process of procuring equipment and making arrangement for the simultaneous interpretation system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "tehran", "code": "11669915", "title": "Iran to debate bill on EU oil ban today", "text": "TEHRAN: Iran's parliament is to discuss a bill on Sunday that seeks to halt its oil exports to the EU. The bill calls for a ban of oil exports to the EU as early as next week, Hossein Ebrahimi, deputy head of Majlis (parliament) national security and foreign policy committee, said.The development comes after the Eropean Union on Monday announced to embargo Iran's oil. The embargo will come into force July 1.Ebrahimi has called the sanctions a \"psychological war\" , Xinhua quoted the Press TV as saying Friday. Tehran has threatened to close the Strait of Hormuz , a key shipping lane for oil trade, in retaliation.Major EU importers of Iran's oil, such as Greece, Italy and Spain, have until July 1 to find alternative suppliers. Tehran government grappling with its own economic crisis under Western trade and banking embargoes, will host a visit on Sunday by UN nuclear inspectors for talks that the ruling clergy may hope can relieve diplomatic pressure as they struggle to bolster public support.Since the UN watchdog lent independent weight in November to the suspicions of Western powers that Iran is using a nuclear energy programme to give itself the ability to build atomic bombs, US and EU sanctions and Iranian threats of reprisal against Gulf shipping lanes have disrupted world oil markets and pushed up prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11670407", "title": "Born-again Christians ask JD (U) to solve issues", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa Christian Trust submitted a petition to national general secretary of Janata Dal (United) Javed Raza and senior vice president M P Nadgauda on the issue of burial ground at Margao on Saturday.Upon submitting the petition explaining the difficulties faced by the Christian (born again) community in Goa and the failure of the Congress government to help them despite several memorandums, Sydeny Baracho, a member of the delegation, told TOI that several religious leaders of the community were present on the occasion.\"We invite your kind attention to the innumerable appeals made in the past to the Chief Minister time and again by right from the year 1987 with regards to allotment of a suitable place for burial ground to the departed ones in both districts. We personally appraised our CM Digambar Kamat, when we met him at his residence at Margao several times in the past wherein he assured us that the issue will be given due consideration along with the other minorities (Muslims) and a suitable land would be acquired at Sonsodo. However, we regret to inform that without considering our demands, Kamat succumbed to only the demands of the Muslims by allotting them the entire land despite several opposition from various groups within the muslim community. We also made several petitions to the district magistrate, MMC and other authorities in vain,\" read the petition.Raza, who is in Goa for the poll campaign told STOI on Saturday that he would take up the mater with the Minority Commision in New Delhi personally.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11668993", "title": "Winter over, heat returns to city", "text": "GUWAHATI: Winter in the city seems to be over with a slight increase in temperature recorded in Guwahati over the last few days. According to officials, residents can expect the temperature to rise further in the coming days. However, according to experts the change in temperature is normal and from this time onwards people can expect more increase in temperature.The sun, during the months of January and February remains at the southern hemisphere, and is positioned at 23.5 degrees latitude called tropic of Capricorn. \"The change that we are experiencing is normal and there is nothing to worry about. December 22 is considered to be the coldest and shortest day in the whole of winter season, and after this temperature tends to increase slightly. The sunrays are slanted and their intensity is less. But with the changes noticed over the past few days, it can be expected that the sun is slowly climbing northward, and since Guwahati is at 26 degree north, the region faces the brunt of the weather in these periods,\" said H Pathak, deputy director general of meteorology.\"During the last week of December, the weather was foggy and it was raining most of the time, which brought down the temperature. Also the sun was barely visible because of the fog. Now, we are approaching the phase of the spring equinox, and we can expect a normal summer,\" added Pathak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11669468", "title": "BJP fields another former BSP min", "text": "LUCKNOW: Another ex-BSP minister has found place on BJP's candidate list. Three-time Jalaun MLA Badshah Singh, who was expelled by Mayawati after being indicted by the Lokayukta, has been fielded by the saffron party from the same seat. The party declared two more candidates -- Shyam Sundar Yadav from Babina and Pramaod Yadav from Malhani assembly constituency.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "madrid", "code": "11669794", "title": "Spanish airline goes bust, flyers stranded", "text": "MADRID: Passengers were stranded at Spanish airports on Saturday after airline Spanair abruptly went bust, cancelling all its flights at short notice.\"Faced with the lack of financial visibility for the coming months, the company has decided to cease its operations as a measure of caution and safety,\" Spanair said in a statement.Its last scheduled flight landed on Friday night. Spanish media said at least 22,000 passengers were affected over the weekend but Spanair spokespeople were not immediately available to confirm this.The Spanish government has said it is taking action against airline Spanair for allegedly committing security breaches and trampling on citizens' consumer rights by ceasing operations.Span's development minister Ana Pastor said on Saturday the government was initiating proceedings which could lead to Spanair being fined $11.8 million for two \"serious infringements\" of aviation security legislation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11668790", "title": "Congress hunts for Modi ad faux pas culprits", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the BJP gleefully pouncing upon its gaffe in putting out an advertisement praising its arch- political foe Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi, a red-faced Congress scrambled to play down the matter.Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla claimed on Saturday that the poster was actually a putdown directed against Modi by arguing that his performance paled before the scorecard of Gujarat CMs belonging to Congress. ``It was a dig\", said Shukla endorsing the line taken by Gujarat PCC chief Arjun Modwadia that a sarcastic attack was being read as a praise.Others in the party argued that it was only an attempt to show a non-partisan testimonial to all CMs and there were others from BJP like Keshubhai Patel and Suresh Mehta in that list.However, even as Congress leaders said the sarcasm had been missed, BJP moved in to capitalize on the issue. BJP leader Arun Jaitley rubbed it in, saying it was a good start to Gujarat poll campaign slated for December.Congress leaders are also worried about the reaction of its \"secular\" rivals in UP , SP and BSP, who rarely miss an opportunity to target it for its \"softness\" towards the BJP.Gujarat Congress had brought out a supplement on the occasion of the Republic Day which profiled all CMs. It also included Modi who was called a good organizer and administrator. The advertisement astonished rivals and party workers alike, turning Congress into the butt of BJP jokes.Sources said that Congress leadership was livid with the state leadership over the bungle which has given the BJP an issue to embarrass the party in the run-up to the polls.Congress leaders said they would fix the responsibility of those who cleared the draft of the advertisement, for not blanking out Modi- the party's principal enemy and whose shrill opposition keeps Congress on top of the secular pack.The discomfiture in Congress was evident. However, given Modi's place in Congress politics, the episode is unlikely to pass off without the costs. In many ways, Gujarat remains Congress's last frontier, having trounced the Vajpayee-led BJP at the Centre in 2004 and done an encore in 2009, even retaining key states like Maharashtra in the face of saffron offensive. But Gujarat has eluded the party grip.Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's concerted attempt like Dandi yatra and campaign among tribals and women over the last few years did sharpen the party challenge, but it still fell short of victory.The advertisement is sure to be part of Modi's artillery in coming months, given his penchant for flaunting the certificates from rival camp. The praise for his government from the Planning Commission and Rajiv Gandhi Foundation created a row in the past, and the Hindutva strongman touted them as evidence of his performance as an able administrator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11672330", "title": "AU readying proposals for own medical, tech institutes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Even as it has been over four years since the faculty of medicine, in form of MLN Medical College, was delinked from Allahabad University, and varsity authorities have failed to move an inch in having its own faculty of medicine. However, now a new ray of hope has emerged.The AU authorities are preparing a proposal of having an Institute of Medical Sciences in the coming 12th Five year Plan. Not only having a separate faculty of medicine, AU authorities are also preparing a proposal for having a faculty of technology in the shape of Institute of Technology. While the Institute of Medical Sciences would come on the lines of All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS), Delhi, AU's Institute of Technology would be like the one at BHU called IT-BHU.While the Institute of Medical Sciences would replace the erstwhile AU's faculty of medicine which was in form of MLN Medical College and got delinked in July 2007, the proposal for having Institute of Technology (IT) would replace the vacuum created after the delinking of faculty of technology of AU which was in form of Motilal Nehru Regional Engineering College which was later upgraded as a National Institute of Technology (NIT) and now known as MNNIT, the lone NIT of the state. Remarkably the presence of these two institutes in the city bears significance as presently, the district lacks in state-of-the-art medical facilities in fields like cardiology, urology, nephrology, neurology, orthopedic etc.Similarly, the city has just two premiere institutes in the field of technology and engineering namely MNNIT, being the lone NIT of the state, and IIIT-A. With the limited seats for the young aspirants, these institutes fail to cater to the ever growing demand for institute of technology for Allahabad and its peripheral areas. In this backdrop, the move of the AU authorities for preparing proposals of having an Institute of Medical Sciences and Institute of Technology bears remarkable significance. The AU authorities are preparing the proposals of having these two institutes in the next (12th) Five Year Plan which starts from April 2012.The varsity authorities would be trying to submit the said proposals within the first fortnight of March this year. It is worth mentioning here that AU authorities had send a proposal for having a Faculty of Medicine in April 2010, after the March 15, 2010 letter sent by UGC joint secretary Renu Batra, who had asked all the Central Universities lacking such a facility, to submit proposals for having a medical college of their own. The AU administration, in its proposal for setting up a medical college and an associated hospital with at least 500-bed capacity, had asked for a grant of Rs 408 crore from the UGC.The proposal had also explored the intricacies of an upcoming medical college, which would strictly follow the guidelines laid down by the Medical Council of India (MCI). It also spoke of purchasing a 60-acre plot of land for Rs 24 crore. Rs 408 crore grant sought through the proposal was based on the DPR (detailed project report) of UP Nirman Nigam, which speaks of varsity's requirement under various heads, including land, non-residential buildings and other civil construction, office furniture etc.Now the entire issue is being taken up afresh in the form of a proposal for the next Five Year Plan. Sources said that these institutes would be constituent institutes of AU like the status enjoyed by G B Pant Institute, Jhunsi. These institutes would have separate governing bodies, autonomous of preparing the syllabus, establishing facilities and the needed faculty. AU public relation officer P K Sahoo said, \"It has been long felt at AU that after delinking of MLN Medical College (faculty of medicine) and MLNREC (faculty of engineering), the varsity should have these faculties as is present at BHU and for the same, AU would be sending a proposal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11670868", "title": "Antique figurines found in church vault", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Three pieces of antique figurines have been found in an underground vault of an 18th century Catholic church at the coastal hamlet Anjuthengu near here, which was a fortified port of the British East India Company during the colonial era.One of them was a figurine of Virgin Mary in ivory while the other two were woodworks of St Philomena, the church authorities said.The discovery has attracted the attention of historians and conservationists while the parishioners of the St Peter's Ferona Church welcomed it as good augury for the community.The idols were found in the vault during the restoration work of the church's alter. The workers chanced upon the objects when they opened the doors near the altar which led to the opening of the vaults the other day.The figurine of St Mary was believed to have been used by the church during the processions and festivals years back, Church Vicar Fr Anish Fernandes said.Anjuthengu, about 36 km from here, was initially a Dutch-controlled port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669359", "title": "Cept alumni vexed by missing diversity", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Even as batches of alumni of School of Architecture (SA) at Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept) appreciated their alma mater's growth in size, they were anxious about the missing diversity in the classrooms. Around a hundred alumni of the school were gathered at their alma mater on Friday to celebrate the 50 years of their alma mater.From mid 90s onwards, SA, being a grant-in-aid institute, followed state's regulations for professional courses and introduced around 70% seat reservation for students' from the state's board. SA has an intake of 40 students every year. The alumni, many of whom were architects and academicians felt lack of diversity is a great loss for the students' all-round learning and development.\"School of Architecture has been a place where students are taught how to think. Here, a great deal of learning also takes place outside the classrooms. In such an approach of education, the presence of students from diverse backgrounds from across the country, like what used to be in our time, contributes to a great extent. Through a wide range of perspectives on different issues and topics, such a classroom achieves broader outlooks,\" said alumni from the 1982 batch Anuj Mehta from Delhi. \"From the classrooms with diverse students at the national level which used to be during our time, it should have grown to an international level. It has taken the other way towards a state level,\" said Mehta who was chatting with his batch mates.The view was also shared by many other alumni including those from Gujarat. \"Diverse classrooms and multidiscipline helps students in various ways. Cept University has become multidisciplinary but sadly the diversity in the classrooms of SA is missing,\" said alumni from 1968 batch Dinesh Mehta, an architect turned photographer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11673269", "title": "In winter chill, DMRC toilet provides shelter to the homeless", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite the setting up of a night shelter for patients and their relatives inside AIIMS, the DMRC toilet built next to Gate no 1 of the premier institute remains a temporary dwelling for many homeless.The toilet, which came up in December 2010, is yet to be functional and is at present used as a storehouse during daytime and a bedroom during the night by many homeless people and relatives of patients who come for treatment to the prestigious institute.This is despite the setting up of a free of cost night shelter inside the hospital premises.Along with the homeless, a guard appointed by the DMRC office to man the toilet too sleeps inside at night time.\"We use this toilet to sleep at night. The guard is fast asleep at night so we make our way in somehow. We did not opt for the night shelter inside AIIMS as it is crowded and too noisy. We have to travel at length for our daily chores. We live near to the hospital and at night time we are inside the toilet,\" a patient's relative said.However, a DMRC official said, \"There is a guard there to man the toilet. He stays inside there. We have blocked both entries to the toilet.\"Over 8,000 patients come to the AIIMS Out Patient Department every day from across the country.With doctors asking the patients to come for regular check-ups, those who have come from far-flung places and have no place to go in the city or cannot afford to make visits at regular intervals, prefer to squat near the hospital.Another dweller of that toilet said, \"There is always fear of theft at the AIIMS night shelter. Since this toilet is guarded, we keep our belongings here at day time and sleep inside it if there is space at night. It is difficult to recognise those who sleep inside this toilet as all stay fully covered due to the extreme cold.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11669743", "title": "Man conceals 6 gold bars in his body, caught", "text": "CHENNAI: Air customs on Saturday seized 600gm of gold bars worth 17 lakh from a passenger at the Chennai airport who arrived from Colombo.Kader Mohideen Syed Mohamed Buhari, an Indian national who concealed six gold bars in his rectum and tried to pass through the green channel, was arrested.Customs officials had increased surveillance of passengers arriving from sensitive airports. As Colombo was classified as sensitive, officials were monitoring passengers who arrived by a Jet Airways flight when they saw Kadar Mohideen passing through green channel. When questioned, he appeared to be nervous. He later confessed to carrying gold bars hidden in his rectum.The gold bars had foreign markings saying they were 999.0 pure. \"The passenger, in his voluntary statement, confessed he was a carrier and concealed six gold bars in his rectum for a pecuniary consideration and with an intention to avoid Customs duty. The passenger was arrested under the Customs Act, 1962,\" said a press release.Chennai airport has seen a rise in the number of gold smuggling cases in the last two years. Sixty-three cases were registered in connection with gold smuggling attempts since April 2011 against 45 cases in 2010.Passengers who have stayed more than six months abroad are often used as couriers and Sri Lankan nationals and Indian labourers returning from Malaysia were involved in most cases registered here, officials said. The arrested Lankans were smuggling gold to convert it into Indian rupee, which is twice in value compared to the Lankan currency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11670621", "title": "Mild quake rocks Delhi and NCR region", "text": "NEW DELHI: A mild earthquake measuring 3.5 on Richter Scale rocked Delhi and the NCR region, according to television reports.The epicentre was at Rohtak-Sonepat border. No casualties have been reported.The quake reportedly struck around 4.46 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chamkaur sahib (ropar)", "code": "11670291", "title": "Saka Chamkaur victim of political bias", "text": "Chamkaur Sahib (Ropar): Saka Chamkaur, a theme park to commemorate the martyrdom of two elder sons of Guru Gobind Singh who laid down their lives while fighting the Mughals, has become a perfect example of political biases in Punjab.On an inauguration spree of war memorials and other monuments linked with Sikhs in the last leg of their term, the Badals could hardly find time for this prestigious project for an apparent reason - it was the brainwave of the previous Amarinder Singh government.In 2004, the Amarinder Singh government had announced setting up the park on 10 acres at a cost of Rs 27 crore to mark the tercentenary of martyrdom of Sahibzada Ajit Singh and Sahibzada Juzhar Singh. The first phase was completed and inaugurated in December 2006. But things changed with the change of guard.The Akali government did not even bother to spend an amount of Rs 2.23 crore sanctioned by the Union ministry of tourism on the project. Even more than 90 letters shot off by Chamkaur Sahib Development Forum (CSDF), an NGO working for development of Chamkaur Sahib, could not help in completion of this park, which was supposed to be over by 2007.As a result, the site is now safe haven for drug addicts and grazing ground for cattle.Saka Chamkaur was supposed to have an open air theatre, two pillars reminiscent of the sacrifice made by the Guru's two elder sons and 40 pillars of the 40 Sikhs. Markfed was made the executing agency.Facing criticism, the state government finally came out of its slumber some months back and decided to utilize the Centre's funds. But that money could only result in the repair of the open air theatre and construction of green rooms for Rs 12 lakh.\"Besides writing to the government, we personally met CM Parkash Singh Badal and his deputy, Sukhbir Badal. But this park seems like a distant dream now,\" said Rajinder Singh Delhi, a patron of CSDF.Upkar Singh, the Chamkaur Sahib SDM, expressed inability to comment. Local MLA Charanjeet Singh Channi could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11664004", "title": "Madhur Bhandarkar prays for Heroine", "text": "Before starting shooting for a new film, filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar makes it a point to visit one religious place in the country.Just as his second schedule of the controversial film, \" Heroine\" is set to start, Madhur went to the Golden Temple, Amritsar to seek blessings on Saturday.Madhur, who is known for his staunch spiritual and religious beliefs said, \"Spiritual visits are for the soul and this trip is a part of my regular spiritual dosage. I am rejuvenated and elated to be here. I thank God to have supported me through the first schedule of this journey of making the film.\"Ask him about the film that remains one of the few to generate so much controversy even before its shooting started; what with Aishwarya Rai Bachchan being dropped out of the project owing to her pregnancy and being replaced by Kareena Kapoor; and he is very hopeful about the film's outcome. \"As I had visualized, \"Heroine\" is shaping up to be a very contemporary film with a different premise and strata. This film, like most of my other films is a blend of facts and fiction. The film has a larger span, more characters, and costumes... a journey that revolves around an actress's life and the showbiz,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11672625", "title": "11 rebels surrender in Ranchi &amp; Khunti districts", "text": "RANCHI: Police teams of two districts were successful in bringing 11 rebels, comprising three Maoists and eight suspected PLFI cadres, to their knees in two separate cases on Saturday. While Ranchi police arrested PLFI activist Aditya Kumar Gope and five others from Pandra Bazar, five Maoists surrendered before the Khunti police.Khunti SDPO Ashwini Kumar said that Maoist Ranjit Bodra and PLFI activist Sundar Pahan alias Nageshwar were in contact with Khunti SP Tamil Wanan and were convinced to surrender with two Maoists - Rohit Oraon and Narua Tirky of Nagri - whereas PLFI activist Arjun Singh surrendered with Pahan who was accused in many cases of arson, abduction and killing. Pahan was designated as area commander of the banned PLFI.The Naxalites also surrendered four single barrel guns, one 9mm pistol, live cartridges and five landmines weighing between 15 kg and 20 kg. Kumar said that all five people who surrendered before the Khunti police would be entitled for compensation under the state government's surrender policy.\"After verification of the cases, the compensation amount would be fixed according to stature in their party folds and on the basis of firearms recovered from them,\" Kumar said. In a separate incident, Ranchi police were successful in arresting six PLFI members. While gang leader Aditya Gope was wanted in a number of cases registered with the Gumla police, antecedents of his aides are yet to be verified.\"We suspect all five members of his group - Mantu Kumar Singh, Kundan Kumar Chandravanshi, Rahul Dayal, Vishal Kumar and Nadim Ansari -to have links with the PLFI,\" said city SP Ranjit Prasad. Giving details about the arrest, he said that Pandra police were conducting raids in connection with a Rs 10.3 lakh loot incident when they got information about a group of suspicious people making some plans in the Pandra Bazaar area. \"Our policemen raided the spot and picked up all six of them with firearms.Gang leader Gope was identified as a wanted criminal who was released on bail recently,\" Prasad said. Police have recovered one SUV and one motorcycle from their possession. The motorbike was stolen from Latehar a few days back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11671998", "title": "I became an actor by chance: Abhaas Mehta", "text": "Actor Abhaas Mehta of Iss Pyar Ko Kya Naam Doon fame says that his becoming an actor was a sheer co-incidence for him .He was more the sporty kind during his school days but things changed when he joined the Law college in Pune .Since his college was near the Film and Television Institute of India so he came into contact with a lots of students of that institute who later became his friends. \"\"It is under their influence that I was attracted to theatre and acting .So this took me to acting and later I joined Anupam Kher's acting school that helped me a lot in my acting skills,\"\" he says", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "11670180", "title": "Enthusiastic performers put up a spectacular show", "text": "MOHALI: On the concluding day of NIEextravaganza, organized by The Times of India held at Ryan International School, Sector 66, students danced to the tunes of various beats including Punjabi numbers and folk, with a streak of classical and rock songs on Saturday.Students took part in various events. Dr Misha Kumar, a dance facilitator at JasKShan's Dance Dacha, was on the panel of judges for the western dance category. The school campus wore a festive look as Tricity students from across several schools enthralled the audience with their endearing and enthusiastic performances in a spectacular show. The function began with seeking the blessings of Almighty.The motive behind NIEextravaganza was to unravel the mammoth talent we have in our youngsters. The eminent judges of the talent hunt were Bal Shree awardee Rahul Gupta, Nandni Gupta, for classical dance, Prof Dilbagh Singh and A S Bhatia for folk dance and bhangra, Sanjay Mishra, Amarjoti and Dr Misha Kumar for western dance and Aarzoo for rock band.Participants danced with such enthusiasm that they left professional dancers behind and left the audience spell bound. Piyus of AKSIPS, Sector 41, won the first prize in Hindi solo singing category of below 10 years and Yaman from GMSSS, Sector 37 won in the senior category. In the rangoli competition, the team from St Soldier International School, Sector 28, won the first prize and in the folk dance category, AKSIPS, Sector 45 grabbed the first prize.A special prize was awarded to children from Millennium School, Sector 67, Mohali. The rock band event was won by Delhi Public School, Sector 40 and GMSSS, Sector 10 won the bhangra event. In the classical dance category, Manvi Jindal from The Gurukul, Sector 20, Panchkula, won the first prize, while in guitar, Manit from DPS won the first prize. In the western dance category, Ishaan of St Kabir School, Sector 26, bagged the first prize and the special junior winner of western dance was Amisha from St Anne's School, Sector 32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669114", "title": "Nigerian held with cocaine worth Rs 35L", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 37-year-old Nigerian was arrested from Rajouri Garden in west Delhi for allegedly possessing 35gm of cocaine worth around Rs 35 lakh in the international market.Adebola Prosper, from Lagos in Nigeria, was held on Friday, said Sanjay Bhatia, additional deputy commissioner of police (crime).He said Prosper came to Delhi in October last year on a business visa and started living with a fellow Nigerian, Bolaji F Alani, who is allegedly involved in drug trafficking as well. He wanted to start a business in India but ended up supplying drugs with Alani.\"Around two months ago when Alani left the country, Prosper began supplying his clientele. The cocaine recovered was left behind by Alani,\" he said. Prosper is the fifth foreign national to be apprehended this year.On January 22, a 32-year-old man from Ghana was arrested from Indira Gandhi International Airport allegedly with 200gm of cocaine worth around Rs 2 crore.On January 8, a 36-year-old South African was arrested in south Delhi allegedly with 40gm of cocaine worth Rs 40 lakh while on January 3, a 28-year-old Nigerian was arrested from V3S Mall in east Delhi. On New Year's Eve, another Nigerian was apprehended with 175gm of cocaine worth Rs 1.75 crore in the international market.Last year, the crime branch caught 98 drug traffickers, including eight women and 16 foreigners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668347", "title": "Three held for issuing fake licences", "text": "MUMBAI: Three men involved in issuing fake driving licences have been arrested by the Mira Road police. Shanu Qureshi (27), Mohammed Abdulla (27) and Afzal Khan (35) have been remanded in police custody till January 30.The racket came to light after the complainant, Feroz Khan, approached the police and officials of the Regional Transport Office. Fake documents and seals were also recovered by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11670115", "title": "State cabinet to discuss IMC's new set-up plan", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh cabinet will consider the proposal of the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) for a new set-up and establishment plan for the corporation at its meeting on Tuesday.The new set-up plan focusses on decentralization of power, wherein each zonal office will be equivalent to a class I municipality and all the works related to the corporation can be done through the zonal office.Municipal commissioner Yogendra Sharma said the finance department of state government has given in-principle nod to the new set up plan. Under the new plan, the zonal offices will function as mini-corporations to facilitate better civic amenities to the people.Municipal bodies across the state are being re-structured and all the corporations have been asked to send in their set-up plans. IMC's set-up plan was considered one of the best plans and now the urban administration ministry will prepare a set-up plan for all the municipal bodies based on IMC's plan.Deputy Commissioner (establishment) who has been instrumental in making the plan said that no post has been sanctioned for IMC after 1992. Few posts of engineers and executive engineers were approved in 2006 but it was insufficient to meet the demands of a growing city. This plan has nearly 570 new posts which will cater to new challenges of the municipal body.The proposal was recently approved by Mayor-in-Council (MIC) and sent to the state government for approval. Right now, the staff strength in IMC is 3,902 which may go up to nearly 9000 after the implementation of the plan. Around 500 existing posts have been abolished and nearly 570 new posts have been created in the new plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "among the most enduring images of india is one of a family off our rid-ing on a scooter. ian coppinger actually saw this ona mumbai street, and couldnt believe it. i love this family, the comedian cried into the mike. only the man of the family wears a crash helmet. it says alot about how much he loves his family! currently performing at the comedy store in lower parel,the irish man tells sharmila ganesan-ram that indians have a great ability to laugh at themselves. excerpts", "code": "11670466", "title": "'Indians do like jokes about themselves'", "text": "Among the most enduring images of India is one of a family off our rid-ing on a scooter. Ian Coppinger actually saw this ona Mumbai street, and couldnt believe it. I love this family, the comedian cried into the mike. Only the man of the family wears a crash helmet. It says alot about how much he loves his family! Currently performing at the Comedy Store in Lower Parel,the Irish man tells Sharmila Ganesan-Ram that Indians have a great ability to laugh at themselves. Excerpts:What was it like performing in India for the first time?I didn't know what to expect. I was worried if they would get the references in some of my jokes because of the cultural differences. So I decided to talk about my experiences in India - things like how there are loads of people on a bus. They are used to seeing these sights but I think I reminded them of it which they found funny. I usually play with the room and do a lot of impromptu stuff. Last night, for instance, there was a psychology student in the audience. So when a man kept giving strange answers to my questions, I suggested that he consult the former as a patient.Have you ever had to censor or think twice before cracking a joke here?I have not had to censor my jokes here. In the Middle East, I was told not to do any religion jokes and I can understand and respect that as I am a guest in that country. I don't do any jokes about religion anyway. The only reason I may have struck off some of my jokes here is the concern that the experience may be too local. For instance, in Ireland, you don't get a free plastic bag at the store. You are charged for it. However, here or even in the UK, I can't do a joke about that as people won't get it.Can Indians laugh at themselves?Absolutely. They have an amazing sense of humour and they like jokes about themselves. I've seen that they also like dirty jokes and certainly know when a joke is about to go down that road.Do they heckle you at times?Indians love to talk but they are too polite to heckle, which is good for us.Can you share some of your India jokes?The population of Ireland is four-anda-half million which is the average contents of a Mumbai bus. Also, I find it strange that in the monsoon, people walk around in water that's upto their knees but are still holding their umbrellas .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669408", "title": "Cabs, rail: Poll bounty for east", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the municipal polls round the corner, promises are being made on the development front. A new taxi service and extension of the monorail into the interiors of the trans-Yamuna area are being considered.CM Sheila Dikshit has announced new benefits for those living in the trans-Yamuna area. Admitting that there were many localities in the area where it would be difficult to extend the services of Delhi Metro, she promised that the mono-rail network would be extended to the interiors. \"In these places, even plying low-floor buses is difficult,\" she said.Sheila also said new small taxis will be first introduced in the area, which falls under the constituency of transport minister Arvinder Singh Lovely .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11671930", "title": "Pallavi wants to bring in the nakharas", "text": "Though born and brought up in Australia actor Pallavi Sharda says she is as Indian as any other B-Town actresses ready to to bring in the nakharas and jhatkas which Bollywood today is lacking.A trained Bharatnatyam dancer Pallavi is the female lead in the cross over film, 'Save Your Legs' directed by Boyd Hicklin. \"I play the character who acts as a harmony between India and Australia since I am an Indian girl romancing an Australian in the film,\" reveals the pretty lass who's foray in Bollywood began with Dus Tola with Manoj Bajpayee.Bollywood being the hot destination for foreign belles Pallavi says, \"that she is lucky not to be treated as one in terms of the kind of roles being offered. I am not merely looked as glamour doll. I do not speak accented Hindi and I being a khadi person so people look beyond my foreign origin while casting me for roles. I have also proved my versatility by dabbling in different genres using different mediums. As far as wearing skimpy clothes is concerned it has nothing to do with from where one hails from rather it is a matter of choice. I have never been asked to do roles where skin show is a precondition,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668152", "title": "Pawar promises graft-free PMC", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Saturday spoke of a clean and impartial functioning of the Pune Municipal Corporation and 'restoration' of the city's lost glory at a public meeting after launching the Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) election campaign for the February 2012 civic elections.Pawar said, \"Pune has a long association with great leaders. But in recent times we have witnessed something shocking. A Congress MP comes out of Tihar jail on bail and there are celebrations at the Congress Bhawan in Pune.\"Puneites are known for their prudence and they should mull this reaction, he said. Now, they (Congress) are planning a welcome for their leader while some want him to stay in New Delhi as it will create problems for the party. \"The Congress is in disarray. They are headless and Puneites should decide if they want to vote for such a party. We promise you that we will not indulge in any corruption and ensure impartial functioning of the PMC,\" he added.Pawar also came down heavily on the BJP and Shiv Sena and said that both parties have failed to develop the cities when they have power in the civic body. \"In Mumbai, the Shiv Sena messed up with the city's development and the civic body is mired in corruption. But look at Pimpri Chinchwad. We have a full majority and have developed this city like an international one. Give us total majority in Pune and we promise you a fully developed city,\" said Pawar.He also promised an underground metro and protection of biodiversity parks (BDP) if the NCP gets total majority in PMC. He criticized chief minister Prithvriaj Chavan for the delay in approval of the DP. Pawar condemned the attack on Maharashtra Times office in Mumbai and said the NCP denounced any attack on the media.NCP changes manifesto coverIn early January, the NCP had published its manifesto which gave importance to Ajit Pawar while other leaders including his cousin and Member of Parliament Supriya Sule figured on the second last page. The cover had him and his uncle union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on the cover.However, a new copy of the manifesto distributed on Saturday, brought other leaders on the cover and Ajit Pawar's picture was lined up with Supriya Sule, R R Patil, Madhukar Pichad, R R Patil, Dilip Walse Patil and others. Only Sharad Pawar's photograph was prominently placed.List on MondayNCP leader Ajit Pawar said that the list of candidates will be announced on Monday. \"There are some lists in circulation. The party has not issued any such list. We will announce the list on Monday. I appeal to those who will not get nomination to cooperate as we cannot nominate everyone,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11670742", "title": "Two festivals, varying gains", "text": "VARANASI: Two big religious ceremonies of the city, but both vary in many ways for artisans. Yes, the festival of Saraswati Puja fetches more profits for the artisans who are engaged in preparing idols of the deity worshipped on the occasion of Basant Panchami as compared to grand celebration of Durga Puja.According to Chandan Mukherjee, an artisan in Luxa area, no doubt Durga Puja of Sharadiya Navratra is held on a large scale in different parts of the city, there are only 200-250 puja pandals prepared for the same.However, Saraswati Puja is now being organised in almost all the educational institutions, organisations and clubs due to which the orders placed for idols are more, leading to greater production and profits.According to Mukherjee, who will be catering to customers for around 70 idols, unlike Durga Puja, there are no spectacular preparations of idols using different materials like terra cota, jute, mirror, beads. However, the idols are simple and vary from Rs 300 to Rs 10,000.Bansi Chandra Pal, popularly known as Gopal Da, an artisan in Bengali Tola area of the city, says: \"The festivities around Durga Puja undoubtedly are more lucrative, but the preparation has to start six months prior and it takes a huge number of labourers and ample amount to time to prepare the grand statues of different gods and goddess who are worshipped in puja pandals. This costs us a lot of money on labour and expensive raw material whose price also goes up during that season. Also there are very few puja organizers.\"It is worth mentioning here that unlike Sharadiya Navratra, Saraswati Puja on Basant Panchami is held by almost every educational institutions and local clubs of the city. According to Vijay Kumar, artisan on Kedar Ghat, as many as 600 organisations are organising the religious ceremonies with an order of 100-200 idols placed with each artisan. Apart from that some of the major buyers of the idols are from Mughalsarai, Jaunpur, Ghazipur, Ramnagar and nearby villages.Though the Saraswati Puja is more benefiting for city's artisans, the increasing prices of raw materials may increase the cost of idols of Goddess Saraswati, the female deity of wisdom worshipped on the occasion of Basant Panchamai. Notably, the cost of each idol may increase by nearly 50% as compared to last year's prices. If artisans are to be believed, clay, the main base material used to structure the idols, is costing Rs 800 per 100 kg which last year was priced at Rs 200-300 per 100 kg.According to artisan Gopal Da, while clay is not easily available in the market, artists have to succumb to whatever price the agents fix in the market. \"The price of hay has reached Rs 100 this year as compared to Rs 50 in 2011.Moreover, the Bengali jewelleries and clothes to decorate the idols of the Goddess are transported from Kolkata. They have also witnessed good 40-45% increase in prices,\" says Nirmal Das, another artisan while giving final touches to the idols in Sonarpura area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11677387", "title": "Pawar's statement on Rahul Gandhi objectionable: Digvijaya", "text": "INDORE: Objecting to Union Minister Sharad Pawar's statement that Rahul Gandhi would be blamed if Congress fails in Uttar Pradesh, senior party leader Digvijaya Singh said here on Sunday that the UP poll results would surprise the NCP chief.The agriculture minister, whose party is a key partner in the UPA, had on Saturday said that if Congress does not do well in Assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh, the blame may go to Rahul Gandhi.\"Pawar is an experienced leader and he must be speaking after a lot of thought-process. But I have objections to his statement. He should not have given such a statement,\" Digvijaya Singh said.\"When the assembly poll results will be out on March 6, Pawar would be surprised,\" he added.While talking to a television channel on Saturday, Pawar had also said that he saw no possibility of Rahul Gandhi being immediately projected as the PM candidate, even if the Congress does well in the key state.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669145", "title": "Cong drafts Brahmin leaders to woo upper caste vote bank", "text": "NEW DELHI: Few in Uttar Pradesh would have heard Mange Ram Sharma's name. But the Congress leader from Haryana has been asked to campaign in the state. So are many others who may be faceless for an average UP voter, but have a surname that suggests Brahmin caste.Congress is mobilizing Brahmin leaders of consequence or otherwise from across the country to boost its campaign in UP amid concern that the party's strong pitch for Muslims and OBCs may have left the Brahmins peeved.The upper castes formed the Congress core since Independence and were expected to be the first to return to the party fold after Rahul Gandhi took over the reins. However, the 'social engineering' for the upcoming polls seems to have blacked out the community, who are being wooed by BSP's sarvjan slogan and BJP's use of Atal Bihari Vajpayee's image.The belated concern has forced the Congress to send SoS to its Brahmin leaders - big and small, young and old. Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit and many others from north India are likely to descend on the state soon.The worry on the Brahmin front is a first for Congress which, despite the premier community's desertion in the wake of Ayodhya movement, was assured its return would lay the foundation for the party's revival in the state.But Congress's most serious attempt in UP in the last 20 years does not seem to have enthused the Brahmins. Many attribute the indifference to the party's blind focus on OBCs, Muslims and dalits, complaining the community felt taken for granted. The leadership front too seems barren despite Rita Joshi and Pramod Tiwari being heads of Congress state unit and legislature party, respectively, who are overshadowed by the central leaders.Insiders have advocated caution in junking the old support-base for the new combination. The Brahmins form a critical group across UP and their support can make or mar the chances in many assembly seats, and their good presence even in strong OBC strongholds like central UP and Bundelkhand are a case in point. \"So, why unnecessarily give them a reason to feel aggrieved?\" a leader said.Brahmins' exit from Congress was part of the unraveling of Congress's traditional base during the Ayodhya movement. The temple-triggered polarization snuffed the life out of the grand old party, as Muslims slipped towards 'Maulana Mulayam' and BJP swept the upper castes with Hindu appeal. A declining Congress star was the apt recipe for the rising BSP to work its magic on dalits. That was the end of dalit-Muslim-Brahmin axis that formed the basis for Congress's invincibility in the heartland.However, much changed over the last few years to resurrect Congress's fortunes. For instance, BJP's continuing failure in Delhi has nudged the Brahmins to reconsider their options, while their short-lived bonhomie with BSP post-2007 seems to have soured too.Congress strategists say the party is keen to seize the vacuum on the Brahmin front.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11672773", "title": "The secret society of social butterflies", "text": "With Parmeshwar Godrej beating the rest to host talk-show diva Oprah Winfrey at an exclusive soiree in Mumbai, Anjana Vaswani and Nona Walia ask, who's India's most powerful lady (outside the boardroom and Parliament).Patrickus Merriganicus or what's known outside apiology circles as the queen bee, refers to an adult, dominant, mated female that lives in a hive. Developed from larvae selected by worker bees, the queen is fed an exclusive diet of royal jelly drawn from the heads of young worker bees. The egg she lays will fertilise into a virgin queen. Hard to spot in a colony, the young virgin often runs across the comb, climbing over worker bees if necessary. Her debut task after emerging from the queen cell is to identify virgin queen rivals and sting them.Those who enjoy chronicling society might appreciate the similarities thrown up during bee research and studying the secret society of social butterflies; except, in the world of humans, the 'election' is not always apparent - until there's that occasional test of mettle.Last fortnight, industrialist Adi Godrej's wife Parmeshwar Godrej emerged as the unequivocal diva after eliciting the honour of hosting American talk-show goddess Oprah Winfrey's grand welcome soiree in Mumbai. Held at her villa in suburban Juhu, the party was graced by top industrialists and almost the entire Hindi film industry. Despite her having cut down on social appearances in recent years, this bash (it had all the Bachchans, Khans and both Ambani brothers along with their wives sharing space convivially), once again established Godrej as the one to wield the almighty wand in the upper echelons of Indian society.Zap! And, lo! It's Shahrukh and Gauri. Another swish, and Presto! Hrithik and Susanne materialise. But it's not as easy as that, regulars on the society pages tell us. \"Parmeshwar is an excellent organiser and an incredible host. She's meticulous about detail and an absolute perfectionist,\" seems to be the general consensus. Yet columnist-writer Shobhaa De says she wouldn't call Godrej a socialite. The label would be derogatory, it seems. Probably because the word has come to refer to pretty much any middle cruster with highlights. When De considers what it takes to qualify as a socialite today, she says, \"In Delhi, you are defined by your proximity to power. In Mumbai, it's enough that you drive a fancy car.\"Will the real socialites please stand up? \"Power in this stratum is inversely proportional to visibility,\" a gossip columnist reveals on condition of anonymity. \"So, the socialites you see in the papers frequently are low in the pecking order.\" That's rule no 1: The more familiar the face, the more plebeian the status. \"The ones who are rarely spotted are the names you want at an A-list event,\" she explains, candidly sharing details about the intimidating world of coteries where, as Delhi socialite and VP of marketing and communications, Dior India, Kalyani Chawla, puts it, \"Most invitees change their schedules to ensure they can make it to an event. Missing it would be blasphemous.\"\"Queenie Singh, for instance, is a face you'll always see at a Parmeshwar Godrej do,\" our source offers as example. Both these ladies justifiably lay claim to the top rungs of the overcrowded diamond-studded ladder - the former, an ex-beauty queen and the latter having practically invented the social ladder in the first place.After all, Godrej has dominated the society pages for half a century, ever since she became a Godrej. It's common knowledge that air-hostesses (Strike that. Flight-attendants) back in the '60s, Godrej and Maureen Wadia (wife of textile magnate Nusli Wadia), were the original Indian princesses, complete with glamour, poise and charisma.Not just a pretty face But there was always more to these ladies than their fashion sense. The chairperson of Heroes AIDS Project, Godrej is known just as well for her philanthropic initiatives as she is for her fancy dos. We had heard of her propriety but witnessed it first-hand when despite a busy schedule, she wasn't above being courteous. Though reluctant to speak on the subject, Godrej's response to our queries was prompt and polite. As for Wadia, who worked as a teacher before national carrier Air India redirected the course of her destiny, she currently serves as director of Wadia Hospitals and has developed an independent professional identity as managing editor of Gladrags magazine.\"You should have a reason to be in the society pages. It's not just about being welldressed; you have to have made a contribution,\" says fashion buyer Sabina Chopra, thereby laying down the second rule for budding socialites. \"Earlier, it was the serious, powerful woman who'd make it. Now, every frivolous floozy seems to qualify. I don't recognise most faces in the papers, and wonder how much they pay to get there,\" she rues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11669304", "title": "B2 bypass opened, 5 held for protests", "text": "JAIPUR: Amid protest by local residents, the B2 bypass was opened for heavy vehicles on Saturday. The police arrested five protesters who opposed the move by blocking the road.\"The highway is open for heavy vehicles. For few days, there will be additional deployment of traffic personnel till people get accustomed to the new pattern,\" said DCP, traffic, Rohit Mahajan.\"The work for constructing speed-breakers and service lanes will be completed in two-three days. However, construction of service lanes will take time,\" he said.Abhay Purohit, a protester who was arrested, said: \"We were assured by the traffic department that the bypass will be opened only after widening of roads. The decision to open it in haste will put the life of many residents at risk.\"The bypass was started almost after 2 years. On the first day, the residents of Mansarovar have to face some problems as many cuts connecting the roads from bypass were closed. Traffic jams were also witnessed near Vishnu Marg near SFS junction and near New Sanganer road. \"For at least six colonies, the traffic police has given one entry and exit and we have to face lot of inconvenience.\"However, the traffic department claimed that once the slip lanes and service lanes are constructed, the residents can use it to join the bypass. The road near the Dwarkadas Park and in many areas are not wide enough and could be inviting accidents.The Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) has removed the park boundary, but trees are still there and footpaths in the stretch is not removed.On the other hand, residents of Gopalpura are delighted as there is a major relief after the heavy vehicles are stopped. \"It is a wise decision. Allowing trucks on the road connecting Gopalpura to Jhalana Doongri to connect it to Agra and Delhi has proved fatal for residents of Pink City. In the past one year, nearly 14 persons were killed and all were hit by rashly-driven trucks,\" said Dlip Singh, a resident of Gopalpura.The B2 bypass was open for heavy vehicles almost after 2 years. The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has spent nearly Rs 17 crore for the construction of a high-level bridge at Amanishah Nullah and an underpass to connect Durgapura Agriculture Farm.After the B2 bypass was constructed, the UDH department passed an order on June 30, 2010 stopping heavy vehicles plying on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11668809", "title": "City to host fairs on edu abroad", "text": "CHENNAI: The Association of Accredited Advisors on Overseas Education has planned one-day educational fairs in three cities. Students interested in overseas education could get information on the benefits of studying abroad and procedures involved at the fairs and also meet representatives of foreign universities.Around 30 universities from the UK, the US, Canada, Australia, Singapore, New Zealand and China will participate. Besides choosing computer science, engineering and management courses, Indian students are also opting for courses like banking and finance, engineering, medicine, pharmaceutics, law, architecture, fashion design and pilot training. Patron of the association C B Paul Chellakumar said, \"Several specialised courses in fine arts, science, management, hospitality, health, dentistry and bioinformatics are gaining popularity.\"The fairs are being held in Coimbatore on January 31, Chennai on February 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11668966", "title": "Citizens celebrate Basant Panchami, Saraswati Puja", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city celebrated Basant Panchami and Saraswati Puja with traditional fervour on Saturday. Devotees thronged temples and puja pandals to offer prayers to the deity and seek her blessings. Members of Bengali and Oriya communities organised Saraswati pujas at different places in the city.The day marks the advent of spring season. It is believed that goddess Saraswati showers her blessings on people especially those who wear yellow on this day. Hence, many people offer yellow flowers to the goddess and even eat food items that are yellow in colour.Arun Banerjee, an officer bearer of the Bengali Club said, \"The festival is associated with knowledge of arts, science, crafts because Saraswati is the consort of Lord Brahma and is the goddess of wisdom. She also represents shakti, creativity. Her birthday symbolises nature in its full grandeur which inspires many minds.\"On the auspicious day, students place their books, articles, instruments of music and art before the goddess and seek her blessings. In all the education institutions in the city, Saraswati Puja was observed with great reverence. On Saturday, a grand puja took place at Chattrapati Sahuji Maharaj Medical University. Students were dressed in yellow dresses and offered prayer to the goddess. At SRS International School, the kids held books and stationery in their hands. Filled with excitement, the children asked for strength and well being in whatever they do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11672454", "title": "Zoo keeps close watch on its four-prized guests", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Zoo authorities are leaving no stone unturned to keep the clod-blooded reptiles - Green Anacondas brought from Sri Lanka zoo, healthy.First time in two months after they arrived in Mysore, the reptiles, who are the cynosure of all eyes, were fed with egg yolks to maintain their body temperature.Following the death of an anaconda on January 21, zoo officials are cautious about the health of the remaining four.An expert from Hassan will visit the zoo in February to subject the snakes to ultrasound scanning to get their complete health report. Dr Suresh Kumar, a senior veterinarian attached to Mysore Zoo told TOI that at present, all the four anacondas are healthy.\"We are maintaining minimum temperature of 24-27 degree Celsius in morning and 22-24 degree Celsius in the night at its enclosure to keep them warm with the help of heaters,\" he said. As the young reptiles are in molting stage, they fed anacondas with egg yolks.Usually, the reptiles do not take food when they are molting which would take nearly a week. Anacondas live up to 10 years and for first few years, they molt more than eight times a year and thereafter once in six months, he said.New room for reptilesThe work of new enclosure for anacondas is complete and is ready to occupy. However, reptiles will be shifted to the new building which will be freezing cold only after sometime. They will be kept at the same enclosure in the python section. The zoo has created a new facility for anacondas at a cost of Rs 10 lakh next to python enclosure.Standard diet chartThe Central Zoo Authority and Indian Veterinary Research Institute are preparing a uniform standard diet chart for captive animals at all zoos across the country. A seminar in this regard has been organized in New Delhi on January 30. Zoo veterinarian Suresh Kumar will present a paper on diet pattern at Mysore zoo during the one-day conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11670427", "title": "UGDP-GVP announce 7 candidates", "text": "MARGAO: After being on a sticky wicket for quite some time, the alliance between the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) and the Goa Vikas Party (GVP) finally appeared to have found the missing rhythm, as both the regional parties declared seven of the alliance candidates at a joint press conference addressed by party leaders on Saturday. While five of them are fielded by the GVP, two will contest on the UGDP ticket, it was announced.Secretary general of the UGDP, Anacleto Viegas, while announcing the list of seven candidates said that though the alliance has decided to contest from all 40 constituencies, names of the rest of the candidates will be announced at a later date.\"We do not want our candidates to be lured by the Congress to join them,\" Viegas said. Viegas declared the names of the alliance candidates as follows: Fransisco \"Mickky\" Pacheco (Nuvem), Caetano alias Caitu Silva (Benaulim), Nelly Rodrigues (Cortalim), Rama Borkar (Priol) and Dilip Chodankar (Thivim) of the GVP, and Manuel Colaco (Quepem) and Branny Fernandes (Cuncolim) of the UGDP.\"We faced some teething problems (while deciding on seat sharing) but finally we have overcome them all and are now fighting the elections on a united front,\" saidUGDP vice president Radharao Gracias.GVP supremo and Benaulim MLA Pacheco said that the primary objective of the UGDP-GVP alliance was to safeguard the identity of Goa and Goans.Goa Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11669448", "title": "Vote for SP, Bukhari tells UP Muslims", "text": "LUCKNOW: Maulana Ahmad Bukhari, the shahi imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid, on Saturday appealed to all Muslims of UP to support Mulayam Singh Yadav and vote for his Samajwadi Party in the forthcoming assembly elections in the state. Targeting the Congress Party for 'exploiting the Muslims as a mere votebank', Bukhari held the consecutive Congress regimes in UP during the 70s and 80s responsible for the state of affairs of the community.Maulana Bukhari, whose son-in-law Mohammed Umar Khan is the SP candidate from Behat constituency in Saharanpur, addressed a press conference at a five-star hotel here in which the SP chief was also present. The imam was accompanied by some clerics from Deoband who too expressed their support to the SP.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11675742", "title": "Moneyball to release on February 24 in India", "text": "Brad Pitt's acclaimed film 'Moneyball' will release in India on February 24, two days before the Oscars.Pitt, who plays the lead in the film, has been nominated for the Oscar under the 'Best Actor' category while actor Jonah Hill has been nominated for 'Best Supporting Actor'.The sports film is about a baseball team manager, who successfully forms a team through his unique computer-generated analysis, and takes the team to an improbable victory. Pitt plays the manager, while Hill plays the team's coach.The film has been directed by Bennett Miller , who earlier-directed the Oscar-winning biopic 'Capote'.In addition to the acting noms, the film has also received nominations for 'Best Picture', 'Best Adapted Screenplay', 'Best Film Editing' and 'Best Sound Mixing'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668509", "title": "Digital prints edge out film reels", "text": "MUMBAI: The cinema-on-reel prints are fast becoming redundant in the film business as new movies are being distributed on digital prints. The production of analog film prints is just 25% of the total print run of a film. Trade pundits predict that the number of analog prints will diminish within the next three years due to commercial compulsions.For Jodha Akbar, released in 2008, the number of analog prints were double the digital prints. When Rajneeti hit the screens in 2009, digital prints accounted for 60% of the total print run. Zindagi Naa Milegi Dobara had nearly 75% digital prints in 2011. Agneepath released in 1,100 digital screens of the total 1,888 screens. Apurva Mehta of Dharma Productions said, \"The modernization of existing cinemas and the growth of multiplexes have lead to higher number of digital prints. Through this we can cut down on costs as well as control piracy.\"For major releases, the ratio of digital to analog is about 65-75% but for small releases, the ratio is as high as 85-90%. Operations head of Fun Cinemas, Vishal Anand said, \"The digitization revolution started 3 years ago , when technical service providers realized the potential of B and C class towns. New multiplexes are equipped with digital 2K projection and the old screens are getting converted.\"The growth of multiplexes in Mumbai and Delhi has now virtually come to a saturation point. Tier 2 cities like Surat, Jaipur, Indore, Lucknow, Ludhiana and Patna are seeing a spurt in multiplex screens. As many as 30 of 56 screens to be added this year would be in tier 2 and 3 cities. But Vijay Singh of Fox Studios said, \"Spread of digital prints is no longer confined to B and C centres. Most of the multiplexes in Mumbai and Delhi are creating twin infrastructures, wherein they can play digital as well as analog prints.\"The cost of each analog print is Rs 50,000 and digital print Rs 10,000. So producers and distributors save Rs 40,000 per print. Unlike in the past when film reels had resale value, today they don't give returns. A manager of a film distribution company said, \"Film prints would have silver iodide in them and had resale value. Today a physical print is made of polyster which gives you negligible returns.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669072", "title": "Two held for duping youths of lakhs in DTC job fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men have been held by the Sarojini Nagar police for allegedly cheating several youths out of lakhs of rupees. The accused, identified as Udaivir Singh (59) and Amit Malik (38), would dupe innocent youths after promising them jobs as bus conductors in the DTC, police said.Nathu Ram, assistant traffic inspector, DTC depot, Sarojini Nagar, filed a complaint on August 19, wherein he reported that six candidates had approached DTC depot to join work as bus conductors on contract but the depot had recieved no such direction or orders either from the head office or from any senior officer.\"On verification, it was found out that fake appointment letters were issued to the candidates. Ram reported the matter to the police and on the basis of details provided by victims, criminal intelligence was developed and sources deployed to track the accused. Finally, a tip-off from a reliable source, helped a police team to catch accused Udaivir,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma.On interrogation, Udaivir Singh disclosed that he is employed with the DTC as a permanent conductor. His son-in-law, Naveen, also works with the DTC as a contractual conductor. Udaivir, through Naveen, came in contact with one Amit Malik alias Anju Kumar who also works with the DTC.Naveen and Malik planned to earn quick money by enticing gullible candidates in need of jobs with the DTC. The duo issued forged appointment letters to these candidates and extracted huge amounts from them. \"They issued appointment letters to these candidates in order to win their confidence and get the medical examination done. Some of the candidates were also issued DTC identity cards as well. Further investigations are on and some more DTC employees might be involved in this racket,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11668282", "title": "Konwar names nominees forvarsities' panels", "text": "The chancellor's nominee on the B N Mandal University selection committee, Baleshwar Paswan, has been appointed his nominee for Magadh University selection committee in place of Shiv Jatan Thakur, who was removed by the chancellor on Friday. College of Commerce teacher B N Chaturvedi has been appointed chancellor's nominee for B N Mandal University selection committee, according to Raj Bhavan sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11670290", "title": "Two killed after cop van collides with truck", "text": "NAGPUR: A head constable and an undertrial prisoner died on the spot after a mini-bus of Gadchiroli district police collided head-on with an oncoming truck on Nagpur-Umrer road late on Friday night. Two more persons are serious while several others were injured in the incident which took place around 35 km away from city.Eight undertrials, most of them connected to either Naxal offences, were being taken back to Nagpur central jail, escorted by a group of policemen from Aheri's Pranhita police headquarters when the accident took place. The accused were produced before the magistrate's court at Aheri earlier in the day.Van driver Anil Shende and undertrial Chuklu Gota died in the mishap while truck driver Shrikant Gedam, booked by Umrer police, has been seriously injured.Sources from the Gadchiroli police said Gota was arrested for his alleged connection to property related offences registered in 2010. \"Some of the undertrials injured were Naxal sympathizers,\" said a senior officer from Gadchiroli police.Persons present at the accident site told TOI that the undertrials were hand-cuffed whose ends were fastened with the seats. But, a senior official of Umrer police station said that there were no handcuffs when the cops reached the place.The injured were rushed to Umrer rural hospital but later shifted to Nagpur. The injured police personnel were taken to Kunal Hospital at 3am. Head constable Anant Madavi has sustained serious head injury. Assistant sub-inspector Kishore Meshram, head constable Atmaram Meshram and constable Laxman Ramteke were the other policemen to be injured.Seven undertrials were shifted to Government medical college and Hospital. Four were soon discharged and taken to jail while Vasudev Phallo, Buchha Pungati and Shankar Tokalwar were retained for treatment. Phullare was serious and had to be later shifted to Intensive care unit.Security arrangement was made at GMC's second and third floor. C-60 commandos and Gadchiroli district police were posted outside ward no. 19 where the undertrials are recuperating. City police's three officers too have been deployed.Battle-cat Ramteke took chargeFormer C-60 commando Laxman Ramteke, who survived two major Naxal attacks, was among the policemen who escaped with some blunt injuries in the mishap on Nagpur-Umrer road on Saturday. Ramteke may be working in the unit that takes on rebels in armed combats but helped undertrials in the bus get off the ill-fated vehicle in which they were trapped. Ramteke, injured in a land mine blast of 2006 and another in Naxal ambush of 2009, started calling up his counterparts to inform them about the mishap so as to alert the nearest police station. Himself hurt, Ramteke also waited with the injured until the rescue reached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11669041", "title": "Schools, colleges in city worship goddess of learning", "text": "GUWAHATI: As students and teachers welcomed the arrival of the goddess of learning in the city, educationists and learners at the oldest education institutions here took part in the auspicious occasion.Since its inception 176 years ago, the Cotton Collegiate Higher Secondary Government School, with its teachers and scores of students, clad in traditional finery, participated in the festive spirit. Established in 1834, the school is considered to be the oldest in the state. It was first set up as a seminary to impart English education to the natives so that it could help the British administration in facilitating its duties properly.After Assam became independent along with the rest of the country, allegiance to the goddess and worshipping her in accordance with Hindu traditions also seeped in.\"It is quite tough to ascertain when was the first Saraswati Puja held as many people of that phase have either passed away or not in a position to give information. Later, it was renamed as Cotton Collegiate and the medium of education changed to Assamese after our country became independent. As far the first Saraswati Puja is concerned, it can be ascertained that the first ceremony may have been held in the late Forties of Fifties, as records pertaining to it have mostly been erased,\" said Rakhi Tamuly, the principal of Cotton Collegiate Government Higher Secondary School.Tucked in a corner of Panbazar lies the physics department of Cotton College where the auspicious ceremony was being held. It is also considered to be one of the oldest puja in the city. \"I remember puja being held here since 1971 when I was a student. Puja was also held the hostel of Cotton College. Since this college was established in 1901, the concept of worshipping the goddess of learning didn't exist in any of the educational institutions in the city run by the British. It became possible only when the British left our country. Because of lack of records, the exact date couldn't be ascertained,\" said Dilip Sarmah, the professor of department of physics, Cotton College.Though run by Christian salesians, the Don Bosco school, which is located in another corner of Panbazar, was established in 1948. The atmosphere there was of fun and devotion like other educational institutions of the country. \"Puja has been continuing for the past 37 years and as a teacher for 27 years, I haven't seen any change,\" said Pronita Gogoi, a teacher in the school.\"As a student of Handique Girl's College and now as a professor, I have seen many changes in this college which has a long history of Saraswati Puja. There used to be a gate at the entrance earlier. But now many things have changed,\" said Srutimala Duara, associate professor of Handique Girls' College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11669507", "title": "Minimum temp dips sharply", "text": "KANPUR: The minimum temperature suddenly dipped on Saturday. It was recorded at 4.5 degrees Celsius, over three degrees less than that of Friday.However, the sunny sky maintained the bright afternoon. The maximum temperature was 22.1 degrees, a few degrees higher than Friday.The humidity was 91 per cent in the afternoon which reduced to 55 per cent in afternoon. The weather scientists predicted cloudy weather which may add to the chill in the evening. The weather may remain sunny in the morning and afternoon, while the clouds and winds may add to the chill in the evening. The present weather pattern may prevail next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11669823", "title": "Family of 8 held for selling fake gold bars", "text": "MADURAI: District police arrested a family of eight persons from Guntur in Andhra Pradesh who attempted to cheat public with fake gold bars here on Saturday.Addressing media persons, additional SP A Myilvaganan said that N Pappiah (60), his wife Samraj (58) and son Pallarao (30) along with other relatives Sathyanarayana (20), Sornalatha (19), Siva (22), Vijayalakshmi (20) and Ramanna (45) were held by Othakadai police. They had attempted to cheat Mandiri alias Anandan (47) from Othakadai by selling him fake gold bars. Explaining their modus operandi he said that the gang used to rent a house at the outskirts of the city, study their environment and interact with the local people. Later, in the guise of helping people with financial difficulties they would approach people stating that they had gold bars for sale at a cheaper price.From the gold bar, they would cut a small piece of 1 to 2 gram as a sample for testing, but would later switch the original gold for the cut piece. Convinced that the bar was original after testing the sample piece, people would procure the bar. Investigations revealed that the accused had cheated many people in the same manner to the tune of Rs 10 lakh at various places like Karaikudi, Kumbakonam, Pattukottai, Devakottai, Kalayarkoil, Kallal. In Madurai too, they had rented a house at Narasingam in Othakadai police limits posing as construction workers.SP A Myilvaganan said the accused approached Anandan when they found that he needed money as he had incurred a loss in his lorry business. They gave him a piece of gold as a sample and he paid Rs 5,000 as an advance. But when they demanded Rs 2 lakh for 500 grams of gold, he suspected some foul play and alerted the Othakadai police. Based on the information, a special team led by DSP Thangavel, Othakadai inspector Chinnapandi and Ooamchikulam inspector Balaji nabbed the gang at their house in Narasingam, he said. \"The entire family has been arrested by police. Some of the gang members have pending charges against them. Other district police have been alerted about the gang and the real worth of the cheating will be ascertained soon,\" he said. Police also seized 8 kilograms of fake gold bars, instruments used by goldsmiths, mobile phones and Rs 50,000 cash from the gang. Another gang is also believed to be operating at Tirupur, Kangeyam and Dindigul and the police are looking out for them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11675316", "title": "Family psychiatric history may shape your interests: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: A grandmother with depression or a brother with autism may influence your likings for subjects you find intellectually engaging, according to scientists who claim to have found a link between family psychiatric history and interests.The research, which is based on a survey of over 1,000 freshers of Princeton University , posits a genetic influence on personal interests, the researchers said.For example, they said, students who planned to major in the humanities or social sciences were twice as likely as other students to report a family member with a mood disorder or substance abuse.On the other hand, they found that wannabe science and technology majors were three times as likely as other freshmen to say they had a sibling on the autism spectrum, LiveScience reported.The results are preliminary and based on self-reports, so researchers can't say for certain why these links exist. But according to study author Sam Wang, a professor of molecular biology and neuroscience at Princeton, the data is consistent with the idea that interests are partially heritable.For their study, published in the journal PLoS ONE, the researchers asked the students what major they would choose based on their intellectual interests. They also asked them if their parents, siblings or grandparents had a history of mood disorders, substance abuse or autism-spectrum disorders. All of the disorders have a moderate-to-strong genetic component.It's found that students interested in humanities and social science were more likely than others to grow up with relatives with depression, bipolar disorder or substance abuse, while students preferring science and technology were more likely than others to have a sibling with autism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11670146", "title": "40-day-long Holi festivity begins in Kullu", "text": "MANALI: The country would celebrate Holi festival on March 8, but a unique 40-day-long Holi festivity has begun in Kullu town, with thousands of people throwing gulal on each other and pulling the chariot of Raghunath (Lord Rama) to Dussehra grounds here on Saturday.The celebrations start on the day of Basantotsav every year and colours would be thrown on the idol of Lord Raghunath during the next 40 days. The festivity revolves around the meeting of Hanuman and Bharat. A person from a particular clan wanders around the town in the guise of Hanuman and touches people. It is considered auspicious to get touched by him and everybody pray to be touched by him, sources said.After a special ritual at temple, devotees pull the chariot to a temporary camp at Dhalpur amid musical beats of drums and trumpets. Devotees surround the camp to pay obeisance to Lord Raghunath and Raja Maheshwar Singh, the main Chhadivardar (presiding priest) of Lord Raghunath. Lord Raghunath would stay in the temporary camp at Dhalpur Dussehra grounds, where devotees throng to worship him.Raja Maheshwar Singh, who reached Dhalpur, sitting on his royal palanquin and played Holi with people, said, \"The festival is being celebrated at Dhalpur grounds for the last three years on Basant Panchami. Earlier, it was confined to Raghunathpur and no chariot was wheeled out.\"Language, art and culture officer in Kullu, Sita Ram, said that the custom of Holi on Basant Panchami is years-old in Kullu, but it is now being celebrated on a large scale. \"The festivity marks the meeting of Lord Hanuman and Bharat. The venue was shifted near to Raghunath temple, but again it has been shifted to Dhalpur Dussehra ground,\" he said.The history of celebrating Holi for 40 days dates back to 1660 AD when the then king of Kullu, Jagat Singh, had brought the idol of Lord Raghunath from Ayodhya and installed it at Sultanpur in Kullu. Since then, people are gathering at the temple to apply gulal to Raghunath and celebrate Holi for 40 days. Like people in Brindavan applying gulal on Lord Krishna, people of Kullu apply colours on Lord Rama, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "badal (punjab)", "code": "11669424", "title": "Dera Sacha Sauda\u2019s writ runs large in Malwa", "text": "BADAL (PUNJAB): \"Baba Gurmeet Singh Ram Rahim is the real jarnail of Malwa, and he will decide who is going to win from here,'' insists Raghuvir Singh, the man in-charge of Dera Sacha Sauda in Punjab's Badal village, home to CM Parkash Singh Badal.The village falls in Lambi constituency represented by the veteran Akali, and Singh insists even Badal needs to be careful of the Dera's wishes.``It was the call by Babaji to vote for Congress in 2007 which ensured that even Badal sahib's victory margin from Lambi came down to 9,000. We are waiting for Babaji's instructions,'' he says with an air of suspense.He claims the controversial godman, who has faced rape and murder cases, has over 10 lakh voters among his premis as his followers are known.While the claim is indeed exaggerated, a survey carried out by the Chandigarh-based Institute for Development and Communication revealed in 2008 that Dera Sacha Sauda had about five lakh voters in 40 assembly constituencies spread across Malwa. The number of voters in each of these constituencies differed from 5,000 to 21,000.In an election where eight to 10 seats can be the difference between forming the government and sitting in Opposition, and in a region where victory margins are as slim as 1,000-1,500 votes, it's not surprising that Ram Rahim is seen as the kingmaker.Malwa alone accounts for 67 of 117 seats in Punjab. SAD (Badal) won only 19 in 2007. If Akalis still managed to form the government it was because they won handsomely in Majha and partner BJP grabbed 19 of the 23 seats it contested. Despite Congress's Amarinder Singh seeking the blessings of Ram Rahim, and later even having a close-door meeting with the political wing of the Dera, the Sirsa-based guru has chosen to maintain studied silence heightening the drama of state polls.Punjab University political science professor Ashutosh Kumar, who is doing a study on Dera Sacha Sauda with CSDS, says that while it is possible negotiations with Congress are on, the sect not likely to openly support the party. This, he says, could work in favour of the Akalis. ``There are two reasons for this. Dera felt let down because of lack of support from Congress when it was cornered by Akalis for its guru trying to dress up as Guru Gobind Singh and, secondly, because the situation is still not clear in terms of results,\" he explains.That is the twist the tale as Kumar says the Akalis are still in the race, and the Dera may not want to risk offending the ruling party.Kumar doesn't rule out Dera secretly helping Congress even though he adds Ram Rahim may also choose to offer constituency-specific support to both SAD (Badal) and Congress.As Raghuvir Singh confirms, Babaji can still spread word by distributing among all his representatives Prasad, which apparently also contains the symbol of the political party that premis have to vote for. The trouble for Congress is that the hand may not be the beneficiary of the prasad.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11669658", "title": "Govt dithers over law to protect journalists", "text": "The attack on the Times of India Building is not an isolated act of vandalism. Acts of violence against reporters and media houses have been rising across Maharashtra, even as the Congress-NCP government dithers on introducing a comprehensive legislation that will protect journalists. Maharashtra has had five chief ministers since the proposal was first taken up by the media more than 10 years ago. Between August 2009 and December 31, 2011, there have been 209 attacks on journalists and 35 acts of vandalism on media houses in the state.More than a decade ago, when a newspaper office was vandalized, media houses had knocked on the doors of the then CM Vilasrao Deshmukh asking for a law to prevent attack on scribes. At the time, Deshmukh was non-committal and his successor Sushilkumar Shinde , too, showed little interest in the matter. The proposal gained momentum when Ashok Chavan took over as CM in December 2008. He set up a committee headed by principal secretary Anand Kulkarni to draft a legislation to prevent attack on journalists.Kulkarni drafted a legislation along the same lines of a legislation to prevent attacks on doctors. \"It proposed that any attack on a scribe or media house should be a nonbailable offence, and that compensation to the affected party should be double the cost of damage,\" said a senior official.But after a group of journalists in Nagpur were attacked by the police for covering a BJP-called bandh, Chavan, when confronted by the media, expressed his inability to introduce the bill in the legislature claiming that leaders of political parties were against it.After Chavan's unceremonious exit in the wake of the Adarsh scam, Prithviraj Chavan took over as CM in November 2010. He set up a committee headed by industries minister Narayan Rane to study the proposal for a special law to prevent attack on journalists. Though he maintains that he is in favour of a law, he has yet to measures to introduce it.While NCP president Sharad Pawar , deputy CM Ajit Pawar and Shiv Sena leaders have opposed the proposed legislation on the grounds that it can be misused against politicians, home minister R R Patil and leader of opposition Eknath Khadse have extended their support. \"The fact that the law can be misused shouldn't be a reason to prevent it from being enacted. If the government is serious about protecting journalists, a special law must be brought in immediately,\" Khadse said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11670356", "title": "Angry Sena men want to snap 'mega alliance'", "text": "NAGPUR: The dissent among Shiv Sena workers and several officer-bearers here was on the boil. Within hours of the announcement of 'mega alliance' for the NMC polls by leaders of the BJP-Sena and the RPI on Friday evening, angry Sena workers started grouping and protesting against the 'shabby' treatment by the BJP. More such dissent meetings were held on Saturday bringing putting the pre-poll alliance with the BJP under a cloud.\"We were expecting at least 25 seats. But the BJP has agreed for only 18. This is nothing but a dampener for the loyal Sena workers. So, we got in touch with Sena 'sampark pramukh' (contact person) Vinayak Raut. It was on his instructions and directions that we held a meeting to discuss the situation ,\" said Kishore Kumeria, former deputy mayor.\"Several office-bearers attended as it was an official meeting,\" he said that party men were rebelling or trying to sabotage the pre-poll alliance with the BJP.Kumeria is seen more as a dissident targeting Sena district chief and current deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe. Slogans against Sawarbandhe and the BJP were also reportedly raised at the meeting.\"Except Sawarbandhe, all office bearers were present at the meeting and there was consensus on breaking the alliance with the BJP if the Sena was given the respect it deserves,\" said Kumeria.Sawarbandhe confirmed that party men in dissenting mood and had met to express their anguish against the pre-poll alliance with the BJP. However, he saw the meeting more of a pressure tactics by his party men and not a threat to the 'mega alliance'. Raut wanted to get a report on the sentiments of the party men. So the meeting was called and I also attended it for few minutes before rushing for other work,\" said Swarbandhe.Local Sena leaders and office-bearers Kumeria, Ramesh Baxi, Mangesh Kashikar who were in the meeting were upset that 18 seats given to the Sena were too less but also felt that the BJP was trying to give then all unwanted seats. For instance, Sena was demanding the prestigious Shankar Nagar seat but was denied it by the BJP which is keen on fielding city BJP chief and mayoral candidate Anil Sole from there. The Sena had last time contested 12 and won 8 seats, those sitting members will have to be accommodated leaving scope for mere ten new contestants from the Sena.\"Such discontent is normal in any party. Some party men also wanted to have 'friendly fights' in ten to 15 seats which was not allowed by the leadership in Mumbai. Now it is for the senior leaders in Mumbai to contain the dissent,\" said Sawarbandhe.Nagpur: The Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party leaders are yet to sort out the sensitive matter of who gets to contest from where in the NMC polls for which they have already inked an pre-poll pact. Local leaders of both the parties camping in Mumbai held couple of rounds with senior party leaders. The NCP has been given 29 seats, the Lokmanch 9 and the RPI factions five seats to contest in the 145-member civic house for which polling is scheduled on Feb 16.\"There is a general consensus on around 20 seats, By Sunday we should sort out the other seats too,\" said city NCP President Ajay Patil. \"We had couple of rounds of talks and we are on the track\" agreed city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta.However, sources said that ex-MLA Anees Ahmed was insisting that the NCP should deny ticket to candidates like Prakash Gajbhiye, (Hilltop), Prashant Chopda (Chhaoni) and Rajesh Mate (Gaddigudam) who had allegedly worked against him in Nagpur West constituency in the Assembly elections. Similarly, North Nagpur MLA and EGS minister Nitin Raut is opposing NCP ticket to Manoj Sangole (Nari). This had delayed the process.We were expecting at least 25 seats. But the BJP has agreed for only 18. This is nothing but a dampener for the loyal Sena workersK Kumeria | former dy mayor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670531", "title": "Is the ban on sale of liquor after 11pm affecting tourism in the state?", "text": "Definitely, it is affecting tourism in the state. Goa has been known to allow certain freedom in terms of having a good time. However, rules are rules and this is after all election time and certain compromises have to be made and the rules abided by. If the ban is relaxed it will be welcomed if not we will just have to follow the restrictions.Reynold Abranchesproprietor, Soul souffle, VernaThe ban on sale of liquor after 11pm in eateries and bars will not affect the middle class tourists or the tourism industry in general. The middle class tourists come here to relax, enjoy and for sightseeing. They don't come here to drink. It will affect only the five star hotels and casinos.Dnyandeep Volvoikartourist escort, BetimThe ban on liquor and food is okay by 11pm in restaurants. If it is not implemented drinking will continue all night and people will drink and drive causing accidents when driving in a rash manner. Besides, there will also be other law and order problems. This ban will certainly not affect tourist trade.Fritzie M Loboactivist, MapusaThe ban is definitely affecting tourists and tourism in the state. Goa has been promoted as a tourist destination but tourists are forced to reconsider coming here with these new restrictions. The ban has been imposed too early, as the polls are atleast a month away. The authorities need to consider relaxing it or imposing it a little later. Besides, these restrictions are being used as an excuse to harass liquor vendors in many instances, this should be avoided.Alison Morenasentrepreneur, Margao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11669847", "title": "Thousands walk for a plastics-free Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Thousands walked for plastics eradication in Madurai city here on Saturday. The event \"Madurai Walkathon 2012\" organised by the Madurai-based DHAN foundation in partnership with the Department of Environment, Government of Tamil Nadu, saw school and college students, women , farmers and a number of government officials participating.\"We feel the use of plastic bags is comfortable in day-to-day life. But we should think about the side-effects of it especially sewage clogging in the city limits, leading to health hazards,\" said Ramu Ammal (57) from Sellur who participated in the walkathon.Mangaan (48), a farmer from Singampunari, said farming had taken a heavy toll due to plastics. \"We have observed that even the organic manure we procure consists of a lot of plastic and it becomes a herculean task to segregate them. It affects the normal water seepage, disturbing the ground water level in the farms\", he said.The participants also took an oath to avoid the use of non-recyclable plastics, protect water bodies, and abstain from dumping wastes into drainage streams and public places.Madurai mayor V V Rajan Chellappa, who flagged off the rally, said, \"Hundreds and thousands of people visiting Madurai every day and the expansion of the city have increased our responsibility of handling solid wastes, especially plastic disposals every day. What is needed to tackle this challenge is unified action by society\".the public. non-government organisations and young volunteers to create awareness about the ill-effects of plastic wastes and their improper handling.\"The walkathon, which started at 8 am from Mariamman teppakulam and reached Tamukkam grounds crossed Kamarajar Salai, Kuruvikkaran Salai, Aravind Eye Hospital, Anna Bus Stand and Gandhi Museum. This year's walkathon focussed on \"Climate Change Adaptation\", with emphasis on \"Say No to Plastics, Save the Planet Earth\".K Rammohan, assistant environmental engineer, said the Directorate of Environment had taken various measures to spread awareness on climate change and the ill-effects of plastic use. The department has encouraged tree planting by industries as well. He said that during a meeting with plastic manufacturers, they were asked to abandon production of non-recyclable plastics.To sensitise tourists who dump plastic waste, awareness boards were displayed at important tourist attractions like Meenakshi Amman temple, Tiruparankundram temple and Alagarkoil, he said.Walkathon coordinator Santhanam said a door-to-door campaign against plastic use had been initiated in 25 slums in Madurai city and 25 surrounding villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11670837", "title": "Students turn to other states for online GATE exam", "text": "BHOPAL: The absence of online centres for the Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) in the state has forced several students from Bhopal and other parts to appear from centres out of the state. The online exam is scheduled to be held on Sunday.The number of students appearing for the online test is quite low and it has been cited as the main reason for the state not having any centre for the GATE. However, MP has offline test centres for the GATE.The offline exam will be organised in the second week of February this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668221", "title": "Can cattle TB spread to humans?", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just humans, animals, too, suffer from tuberculosis.While the strains causing the disease in the two are different-Mycobacterium bovis is the cause in animals and Mycobacterium tuberculosis in humans-reports from China and India suggest that cross-infection does happen. So, there have been research papers to show that buffaloes and cows have been suffering from the human variant of TB.And, at a time when the city's public health machinery is gearing up to fight the growing incidence of drug-resistant TB among Mumbaikars, a doctor believes it is time the authorities studied if animals too suffer from the drug-resistant strain. \"Mumbai has many cattle sheds. As cattle and buffaloes suffer from tuberculosis, we need to study if they may be shedding drug-resistant TB bacilli,\" said Dr Ashok Kale, who heads the preventive social medicine department of Jalgaon's Ulhas Patil Medical College.Recently, he was called by the Maharashtra Gazetted Veterinary Association's Nagpur branch to talk about the threat of zoonotic TB. \"Animals are a source of TB virus. Milk, their excreta and breath of a TB-affected animal can spread the disease. And most of us are unaware of this,\" he said.But, Mumbai's executive health officer Dr Anil Bandiwadekar, however, rubbished such connection. \"There are innumerable number of theories floating around, and we cannot take it all seriously,\" he said, adding that the city had never registered a case of animal-transmitted TB.\"Animal TB is not a threat,\" added another doctor from the public hospital. But Dr Kale points out to research done by Indian Council of Medical Research's director general Dr V M Katoch that was published in Elsevier's Tuberculosis journal in 2005. \"The research showed that animals shed and suffer from M tuberculosis, the so-called human type TB organism, as well as and M bovis.\"Dr Katoch's paper further stated, \"Human disease caused by M bovis has been con?rmed in several reports, as evidence of transmission of M bovis from infected animals to humans (Zoonosis). There have been no reports from India. Moreover, to the best of our knowledge no survey has been done in India till date on the prevalence of M bovis infection in animals/humans.\"The study, which was done along with Delhi's All India Institute of Medical Sciences, showed that 15 to 28% of the animals studied were infected with the human variant of the tuberculosis bacteria. \"Animals infected with M tuberculosis potentially constitute a grave public health hazard as virulent bacilli can be transmitted to humans,\" it noted.The threat is borne out by a study that came out of China in July 2008. \"In high-burden countries like China where bovine and human TB coexist, the fact that cattle maintain both M bovis and M tuberculosis would be a potential challenge to both Stop TB Plan of humans and Bovine TB eradication scheme,\" said the study published in the Tuberculosis journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11670126", "title": "MP mulls e-payment, e-refund for commercial taxes", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh commercial taxes department plans to introduce e-payment and e-refund system soon, in an effort to bring in transparency and improve efficiency in services.\"Under the e-payment project, we are tying up with a number of nationalised banks for making online facilities like payment of challan and deposits. The facility is likely to be in place shortly\", state's commercial tax commissioner Shailendra Singh told ToI.On similar lines, the department is also working on a plan to make commercial tax refunds directly to the taxpayers' bank account under the e-refund facility, he said.Sharing his experience about making newly launched facilities like C-Form &amp; Form 49 online, Singh said that MP was the only state where both forms have been put on website and can be downloaded. Form 49, which was introduced in the state in August 2009, is required by the traders for movement of goods from outside the state to the state or vice versa in case of specified goods.Launched early this month, C-Form is required for availing inter-state sale of goods at concessional commercial taxes.Talking about the progress of e-return, Singh said the department got more than 1.33 lakh on-line returns so far. The state government has made it mandatory for the online filing of returns for traders for businesses with a turnover beyond Rs 5 crore. However, the facility was optional for others. The online facility helps dealers avoid troubles which are often caused to them while going for manual tax return process.When it comes to Form 60, one has to fill it up and get it passed through circle office, before the final despatch of goods coming by train. However, it has also been made online almost a year ago.Finally, the department has also made the facility of dealer registration online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11663298", "title": "Katrina Kaif- Ranbir Kapoor are back together", "text": "It's a love story that was bound to be rekindled. Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif are back together, as clearly there's unfinished business between them.They split up because Kat was not ready to look the other way while he played the field with Nargis Fakhri and Anushka Sharma, or accept his \"I love you, but give me some time\" stance. She made it clear that if he wanted to be in a relationship with her, it had to be exclusive. She asked him to choose her and stop playing the Romeo, but it wasn't a choice he was ready to make. He asked her to be patient and promised that he would change, but Kat wasn't ready to wait in the sidelines while he courted other ladies.Walking away was the hardest thing she ever did, but Kat knew they had something special and when Ranbir realised that someday, they'd get back together. They began anew last month, and this time are more serious than ever.The last time they were together, it was under a cloud of broken relationships with Deepika Padukone and Salman Khan. Now they've both been single for a considerable amount of time. Earlier this month, they were seen bonding in Macau while there for an awards show. News of the time they spent together at a private party filtered into Mumbai much before they did. This time they don't have a reason to hide their relationship. Happily ever after? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670097", "title": "On a long drive, without a seat belt", "text": "When Vidya Reddy's car got hit by a speeding motorbike in a bylane in Chennai, she was upset. The car was new, but the errant bike driver was a 14-year-old, who pleaded with her to let him go this one time. Reddy took the matter to the police and was shocked when she heard the child's father wonder how his son could've lost control as \"he is a good driver.\" The child rights activist was at a loss to explain to the father that what his son did was criminal. Even more galling was telling him that as a parent, he too was guilty of criminal neglect by encouraging the child to drive, when the law prohibited it.Experts say while the legal system doesn't have child-friendly procedures, the welfare committees set up by various states are understaffed and ill-equipped to handle cases of neglect and abuse, especially if the perpetrators are parents.\"We look at neglect only through the prism of poverty. Children from wealthy families are also neglected but that is never taken into account,\" says Reddy, who runs Tulir - Centre for Prevention and Healing of Child Sexual Abuse. The furore over the decision of Norwegian authorities to separate two Indian children from their parents citing neglect has still not died down. But there is nothing to write home about India's child protection system either. Teachers at fancy kindergartens don't know what to do when four-year-olds come with lunch boxes with the previous day's food. And nobody raises an eyebrow when minivans and autorickshaws, packed to the brim with school children, speed through cities.India, with nearly 420 million children, has its share of child protection laws under the provisions of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000. Though the Act still uses the same legal system that is designed to try adult criminals, it stipulates that each district should set up a child welfare committee (CWC). But there is no strict method to select committee members, says Reddy.Most of the committees don't meet regularly and has members who hold other jobs to handle the highly complex area of child rights, she says. They are assisted by probation officers with not much skill in tracing the background of children in conflict with law or interviewing minors who have been sexually abused. Most CWCs are overwhelmed by the number and scale of cases, says Shantha Sinha, chairperson of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights. \"Many cases go unreported. This is because CWCs have limited infrastructure and manpower though the law gives them full authority,\" she says.If there is a complaint of violence against a child's family, the CWC should have a panel of psychologists to assess the situation and give a report. \"You have to do it without traumatising the child. But many CWCs don't have the facilities,\" says Sinha. More worrying is the blind spot that authorities have towards neglect by parents from affluent backgrounds. The chairperson of Chennai's childwelfare committee, P Manorama says she hasn't come across a case of neglect from children belonging to affluent families. \"Such instances are more visible in middle and lower socio-economic strata,\" she says.With many heads of child rights committees having such fixed ideas, it is imperative to pass the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Bill, 2010, say experts. \"The bill has several sections on child-friendly procedures and child jurisprudence that will make a change in the judicial system that is designed to try adult criminals,\" says Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11670267", "title": "Non-resident ire", "text": "Who's been complaining about Jeremy Clarkson's car with a commode ? Not the millions at home who might consider portable toilets a luxury. The Indians who are really angry are the kind that Karan Johar likes to insert national symbols in his movies for - the NRIs.Clarkson and Jay Leno are only among a slew of instances that have roused desi outrage. Last year, journalist Joel Stein had to apologize for his piece in Time magazine on the Indian influx in New Jersey. Designer Manish Arora's decision to use Shiva images on leggings and harem pants attracted NRI ire too. So did the PlayStation 2 game 'Hanuman: Boy Warrior' , which offended Hindus in New Zealand, one of whom was quoted as saying, \"It makes me angry when I see my friends play a game where they can control the god's every movement with a joystick.\"What makes NRIs so touchy about issues concerning their homeland? \"They are stuck in a time warp,\" says Lavrenti Lopes, an Indian actor-model in Hollywood. \"When they moved to their new countries they found the value system alien. So they lived in isolation, holding on to the values they came with, values that no longer exist even in India.\"A lot of NRIs are stuck in an India that does not exist anymore, agrees Vidur Kapur, an Indian-American stand-up comedian. Kapur, who moved to the US 12 years ago, says NRIs even have a tough time reacting to his India jokes. A reference to bride burning, where his grandmother says, \"I'll find you Indian girl. What's the harm? If you don't like her, I'll set her on fire!\" does very well in India, whereas a lot of NRIs get offended because they don't want to see the country criticized in any way or to acknowledge that such things still happen. \"I think the fact that they live away from the homeland makes it more important for them to prove that they have an identity in the homeland,\" he says.Also, the fact that most desis, including USbased author Arnab Ray, have had to face questions such as \"Do you people really burn widows ?\", \"Do you guys sacrifice humans?\" and \"Do you have modern plumbing in India?\" does not help. \"While some of this stems from genuine ignorance, many times they are expressions of barely concealed cultural and racial superiority passed off as humour,\" says Ray.As a result, they end up spending a lot of time correcting negative stereotypes about India created by foreign media. \"Many such misconceptions also result in NRIs being mistreated by host communities. So the issue isn't just about being offended. There's a social issue: it widens the cultural gap between the host and immigrant communities,\" says V Gangan, managing editor of The Global Indian magazine.This explains why immigrant children are especially sensitive about movies like Slumdog Millionaire, which Ray says are filled with formulaic bits of \"exotica\" and \"so-happy-amidstthe-squalor images\". \"In school, some of these kids are subjected to merciless ribbing about their 'unclean origins'. Many end up developing a hatred for India and their parents.\"The diaspora's furore over hate crimes and racial profiling is understandable, says Indian-American Ash Chandler. But the stand-up comic dismisses the hullabaloo over Clarkson's show as unnecessary. Chandler feels Indians should stop clinging to \"national symbols that are no longer relevant\" and spending time and money on lawyers. Instead, he recommends a cheaper solution. \"Switch the TV off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11670813", "title": "Project to prevent flooding in city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has sanctioned Rs 125 crore towards a project to prevent flooding and waterlogging in the low-lying areas in the city. As part of the project, Rs 27 crore will be used for constructing protection wall and bund across Killiyaar.The government has allotted Rs 2.5 crore for removing water weeds in Karamana river. Amayizhanjan canal will be cleansed using Rs 3 crore.A sum of Rs 27 crore will be spent in the first phase and Rs 98.5 crore has been sanctioned for the second phase. The government has also decided to spend Rs 50 crore to prevent water logging at Karimadam colony, Yamuna Nagar and Kaveri Nagar.All these places were completely inundated during the last rainy season.The second stage of the project will be rolled out on the basis of study to be conducted by RITES, the engineering consultants.Transport minister V S Sivakumar said that the project will lay more emphasis on repair and construction of bunds at Killiyaar.The state government has sanctioned Rs 125 crore for the project. Rs 27 crore will be used for constructing protection wall and bund across Killiyaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669561", "title": "With Muslim as guide, Jain monk awarded doctoral degree", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Jain monk Chintan Muni, 53, will now be called Dr Chintan Muni. The monk was awarded a doctoral degree by Gujarat University on Saturday, thanks to a unique relationship he had with his Muslim guide Intaj Malek. His thesis was on 'Bhavna Shata - Treatise on 12 reflections of Jainism by Shatavdhani Ratnachandraji Maharaj'.TOI had earlier reported on this unique relationship where a Muslim helped two Jain monks delve deeper into their own religion.\"Chintan Muni was among my first PhD students,\" Malek, who is assistant commissioner of commercial tax, told TOI. \"But we never had a student-teacher relationship. I tried to help the two monks to the best of my ability.\"Malek would even follow his on-the-move students around the country, meeting them at upashrayas. He would carry reference books and laptops for his students during these trips, which would also help in monitoring their progress.Until they met Malek, the Jain munis of Sthanakvasi Jain Ajramar Sampraday were finding it difficult to register themselves as PhD students with Gujarat University and finding a guide. The two munis have not cleared the standard XII exam, but have bachelor's and master's degrees from Jain Vishva Bharati University in Ladnun, Rajasthan.Malek helped them register as students. Once they came in touch, Malek was requested to become their guide since he was eligible, having done in-depth study in Jainism as well as other religions. He also holds a doctorate in 'Upanishads and Islamic mysticism'.It was not easy for the monks as they have to be on the move constantly, but Malek found that they were always prepared. If needed, they would even study under streetlights.\"Our guide dedicated himself to ensure that I get the degree,\" Chintan Muni said. \"It is a quality rare to find in today's world. I am inspired to study further now. \" Niranjan Muni is also expected to complete his thesis soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11669857", "title": "Year of the Dragon leads to baby rush in China", "text": "BEIJING: China's birth rate is expected to be a record high in 2012 as young couples are rushing to have what is regarded as a golden dragon baby during the year of the dragon that began the Chinese New Year on January 23.The rush to have children born with the auspicious zodiac sign hides a deep seated political desire for greater freedom, analysts said.The dragon personality is someone with a free spirit, who creates his own rules. A person born in the year of the dragon is perceived to be a special one in a country where obedience to authority is the basic tenet. They are expected to reach positions of power through their own creativity and flamboyance, according to Zodiac definitions accepted by the Chinese.Hospitals are reporting that would-be parents are trying to book their places in advance. Maternity wards in Shanghai were overcrowded during the first few days of the lunar year.Every bed in Beijing's large Maternity Hospital has been booked till August. \"The rush to have babies in this year demonstrates a rising desire among young Chinese for more freedom and democracy\", a senior professor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11664577", "title": "Sharman, Boman\u2019s ode to the Parsees", "text": "Looks like Boman Irani will be especially happy shooting for Ferrari Ki Sawaari for it will have him play a Parsee, thus himself.'Ferrari Ki Sawaari' starring Sharman Joshi and Boman Irani, is a story showcasing three generations of Parsees. The film brilliantly portrays the lifestyle of the ordinary Parsee family. It also breaks away many stereotypical ideologies based on the Parsee community.Rajesh Mapuskar's debut directorial Ferrari Ki Sawaari from the Vinod Chopra Camp has a lot of history and culture attached to it. Not only does it bring back memories of the time when scooters like the Chetak used in the movie were more popular, but it also sheds a lot of light in the Parsee culture and society.The film however is anything but cliched.Sharman will be seen donning clothes other than the stereotypical 'whiteband-galla' kind of coat.The movie will also break the myth of Parsees essentially being portrayed as 'Bawas'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11670120", "title": "13 jewellers among 16 booked for employing kids in shops", "text": "INDORE: Police booked 16 persons including thirteen jewellery shop owners on charges of employing children under section 23 and 26 of Juvenile Justice Child Care and Protection Act 2000, here on Saturday. This is for the first time that a case has been booked under the non-bailable Act with a provision of three years' imprisonment.The city police had raided some business establishments in the city on Friday and rescued 19 child laboureres from various shops. On Saturday, three teams of radiologists conducted medical check-up of the rescued children and its report are expected to come in next few days.The jewellery shop owners, who have been booked, include Gyanprakash Soni, Girish Kumar, Sushil, Maudeen, S K Noor, Munir Sheikh, Hafeej Rahmna, Sheikh Kutubudin, Gopal Mandal, Chanchal Dubari and others.Vishal Natkari of labour department said that this was the first time a case has been registered under the Act and it would send strong signals among those who are violating child labour norms. However, Ritesh Shrotriya of Jan Abhyuday Samajik Sanstha who led the raids said that it was just a tip of the ice berg and still many children are away from their reach.\"We managed to raid only two buildings in Sarafa. There are many more buildings, where children are forced to work in dangerous atmosphere,\" said Ritesh adding that action should be also taken against the labour department officials who allegedly turned a blind eye to the matter. As per the record of the labour department, shop owners, who have been booked now, have declared that they have hired adult labourers but allegedly employed children.\"It also raises question over the inspection done by the labour inspectors and how did they not find any child working there?,\" he asked.Now, these children are kept at Juvenile Home and Chile Line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11669092", "title": "SP fields maximum tainted candidates in first phase", "text": "LUCKNOW: Their rhetoric about dumping tainted candidates notwithstanding, no major political party in UP has refrained from fielding candidates with criminal antecedents. The affidavits filed by the 284 candidates in fray for the first phase to be held on February 8 shows that the Samajwadi Party tops the dubious list with 28 tainted candidates.According to the Uttar Pradesh Election Watch (UPEW), the SP is followed by Bahujan Samaj Party and Bharatiya Janata Party with 24 tainted candidates each, Congress (15), Peace Party (12), Janata Dal (United) (5) and Rashtriya Lok Dal (1). Among these 109 candidates, 46 have serious criminal case against them. Here, BJP leads the way with 12 candidates having serious charges against them, while 11 candidates of BSP and SP also have serious charges pending against them.SP's Mitrasen Yadav tops the crime chart with 35 cases pending against him. The SP's candidate from Bikapur in Faizabad has been convicted in a case. He is followed by Jitendra Singh alias Babloo, Peace Party's nominee from the same seat. Babloo has 25 cases pending against him.On the assets front, out of 284 candidates, there are 144 are crorepatis, says the UPEW report. According the report, BSP tops the list with 41 crorepati candidates, followed by the BJP with 35 and SP with 28. The number of crorepati candidates from the Congress is 21, while that from the Peace Party is 16. JD-U and RLD have 2 and 1 crorepati candidate(s) respectively.On the average assets per candidate, BSP tops the table here too. The average asset of a BSP candidate comes to around Rs 3.83 crore, followed by SP with figures of Rs 1.74 crore. The average asset of each BJP and Congress candidate is Rs 1.56 crore and Rs 1.34 crore respectively. The average asset per candidate of RLD and Peace Party is Rs 2 crore and Rs 1 crore respectively.On the individual front, BSP's Bansi candidate (in Siddharthnagar district) Vinay Shankar has the highest total assets worth Rs 52.06 crore. He is followed by party candidate from Gonda's Colonelganj assembly segment whose total assets are Rs 43.94 crore. Ranjana Bajpai, who is contesting from Sevata in Sitapur on a BSP ticket, has Rs 19.43 crore. State medical education minister (who also holds the portfolio of parliamentary affairs) Lalji Verma, who is contesting from Katehari in Ambedkarnagar, also made it to the list of top 20 rich candidates. Verma has total assets worth Rs 3.64 crore, followed by SP turncoat Farid Mahfooz Kidwai, who has total assets worth Rs 3.52 crore. Kidwai's assets are pegged at Rs 3.52 crore.Among the poorest candidates in the fray in the first phase, BJP's Ram Udaar Verma has assets worth Rs 31,395, followed by Zaheer Abbas of SP from Laharpur (Sitapur) who has net assets worth Rs 42,000. Six candidates have declared assets less than one lakh. As many as 10 candidates have declared that their liabilities are over Rs 80 lakh.The highest percentage increase of assets is 13,074% of JD-(U) candidate Kaushalendra Nath from Tulsipur, whose gross assets rose from Rs 51,940 in 2007 to 68.42 lakh in 2012. Sher Bahadur of SP from Jalalpur is the only sitting MLA whose assets have decreased by 35%, from Rs 31.87 lakh in 2007 to Rs 20.73 lakh in 2012. Of the 284 candidates, 96 have stated that they have never filed IT returns.From the education point of view, the 2012 election seems to be comparatively better than the previous elections, as only one candidate is illiterate, 10 are PhD holders. As many as 57 candidates are post-graduates as well as graduates, while 39 are graduate professionals. The number of 12{+t}{+h} pass is 62. Among the PhD holders, three are from Congress, while two each are from BJP, BSP and SP. The least literate candidate (Nityanand Rao) belongs to JD-(U), who is illiterate. The percentage of graduates in poll fray is 57% (163 out of 284).Out of the 867 candidates analysed in the first phase, the number of female candidates stands at 65 (7%). BJP with six women candidates tops the list in this category, followed by BSP, which has given tickets to five female candidates. The number of female contestants from SP and Congress stands at four each, while there is only one female candidate representing Peace Party and JD-(U). The lone candidate from RLD is a male.A total of 14 candidates out of 284 analysed are in the 25-30 years group, while 97 are in the 41-50 age group. The number of candidates in the 70+ age group is 7. The highest number of young candidates (25-35) belongs to Peace Party, while corresponding figure of the SP and BSP 7. The tally of young faces in BJP and Congress is 4, while the oldest candidate, who is above 75 years, belongs to SP.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11669136", "title": "Geelani slams J&K; Sharia court", "text": "SRINAGAR: Criticising the self-styled Sharia court in Srinagar that \"expelled\" four Christian priests charged with converting Kashmiri youth, Hurriyat hardliner Syed Ali Shah Geelani on Saturday said people who make a noise about religious conversions never bother to raise their voices against atrocities committed on common Kashmiris. He also spoke glowingly of missionary-run schools in J&amp;K.;Geelani said it's the duty of every Muslim to protect members of the minority community. \"Asking a few people to leave the state is no solution to religious conversions. I am not in favour of the decision taken by the Sharia court, which is to banish a few people for their alleged role in conversions,\" Geelani said in a statement from New Delhi.\"Muslims should protect their religion themselves; expelling somebody from Kashmir is no solution to the problem,\" said the separatist leader, adding, \"Kashmiris can't ignore the contribution of Christian missionary schools like Burn Hall, Tydale Biscoe school and Presentation Convent towards the education system in the Valley. Unfortunately, Muslims have not been able to build educational institutions like these despite having all available resources.\"On January 19, a self-styled Sharia court had issued a fatwa asking four Christian priests to leave the state for \"luring Muslims to Christianity\". The court also directed the J&K; government to take over the management of missionary schools besides monitoring their activities.As a result of the edicts, Kashmir's 400-strong Christian community felt threatened and Christian groups across India asked the Centre to take steps to protect them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11668483", "title": "Tamper-proof matric certificates in two hours", "text": "PATNA: Principal secretary, education department, Anjani Kumar Singh on Saturday inaugurated four newly-constructed computerized certificate distribution counters and two counters to lodge complaints under the Right to Public Services Act on the premises of Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB).Singh described opening of the centres as an important step and said the applicants would now get class X mark-sheets and certificates immediately. He said that earlier, the applicants had to wait for several days to get their certificates and mark-sheets. The system would bring transparency and no one would be able to tamper with the certificates, Singh said and added that the applicants can now lodge complaints at any of the two counters under the Right to Public Services Act in the event of delay in getting their certificates.BSEB chairman Rajmani Prasad Singh said the applicants would now get their certificates and mark-sheets within two hours. Earlier, the applicants had to wait for seven to 15 days for getting their certificates, he said and added that the counters would start functioning from Monday.He said that only those students who passed the matriculation examination in 2006 or later would get their certificates from the counters. Officials are trying to make this service online so that students can get their certificates without coming to the BSEB office. Efforts are also on to provide the certificates and mark-sheets of earlier period too, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11670815", "title": "Childline workshop a no-show", "text": "BHOPAL: The workshop for media on national initiative for child protection organised by Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS), the nodal agency for Childline NGO, was a no-show as anyone hardly turned up for the event. The post-lunch session had to be cancelled.The organizers rued the fact that even after all the talk about child rights, protection and sensitization on juvenile crime related issues, it was ironical that the city's media did not show interest in attending the workshop.Sanjay Tiwari, city coordinator of Childline agreed, \"What we had in mind could not be successfully implemented.\"Tiwari, who has joined recently as the coordinator, believes there may have been some lapses on the part of the college.\"We have previously organised workshops with the Government Railway Police (GRP) and Anganwadi workers. This was the first time that a media workshop was organised but it did not garner sufficient support,\" he said.Archana Sahay, collab director Childline NGO said, \"My session was on Juvenile Justice Act. When I reached around 12.30 no one was there.\"She was later forced to call upon the NGO volunteers to attend the programme.The post-lunch session of Virendra Mishra, AIG CID on child trafficking was cancelled.\"The session wrapped up around 1 pm,\" said Sahay. Even the students of Master in Social Work (MSW) stayed away from the workshop because of the ongoing exams, the organizers informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11669000", "title": "Assam theme state in Haryana mela", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam is all set to introduce the diverse culture of the Northeast among the visitors of the 26th Surajkund Crafts Mela in Faridabad district of Haryana as it will be the theme state at the fest to be held from February 1 to February 15.The fest will kick off with the art replica of the oldest amphitheatre of Asia-the Ranghar constructed at Sivasagar in Assam during the reign of the Ahom dynasty. \"The dances of Assam will be demonstrated at the festival and there will be replicas of Da Parbatia, Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra, Brahmaputra river and Namghar. The Apna Ghar section at the festival will have all the features of rural Assam,\" Baldev Malakar, director of the Assam tourism department said here on Saturday.\"The fashion show to be held on February 11 will showcase the unique dresses of the Assamese ethnic groups. Various publications and documentaries on Assam and its people will be displayed at the festival to draw the attention of the visitors,\" he said.The mela will be inaugurated by the Lok Sabha speaker, Meira Kumar . Union tourism minister, Subodh Kant Sahay , Haryana chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda , Assam chief minister, Tarun Gogoi, state tourism minister, Chandan Brahma will be present on the opening day of the festival. The team representing Assam in the mela will consist of 450 members .Besides the tourism department, industries, sericulture, handloom and textile and cultural affairs department will participate in the Surajkund Mela. Thailand will be the partner nation of the fest this year and the SAARC countries have also agreed to participate in the mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11670222", "title": "Security guard assaulted at Bethora", "text": "Ponda: Two tile fitters from Uttar Pradesh allegedly assaulted a security guard of a marble shop at Bethora, Ponda taluka, on Saturday for not allowing them to sleep in the shop premises.The accused then fled from the scene, but Ponda police are hopeful of arresting the duo.The two accused Jitendra Kareman, 45, and Tejballi Zagdulal, 50, allegedly assaulted the security guard Hanumant Sharma, 50, with wooden batons in the wee hours of Saturday.The security guard was seriously injured in the incident and is undergoing treatment in the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim.As per the complaint filed with police, the accused are tile fitters and used to work for Kasim Makandar's marble shop at Bethora in Ponda. Some months back the duo had gone to their native place and had returned a couple of days ago.Since returning to Goa, they used to sleep in the shop premises during the nights. However, the owner of the shop instructed the security guard not to allow the duo to sleep in the shop.Obeying his master's instructions, late on Friday night Sharma told the two not to sleep in the premises. This infuriated the two, who assaulted the security guard with wooden dandas and escaped from the scene.The security guard informed the matter to police on Saturday morning and police referred him to the GMC for treatment.The police have registered an offence against the accused under Sections 427, 447 and 324 read with Section 34 of Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11669533", "title": "Two held for assault on Sudanese students", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two persons including a college student were arrested on Saturday for allegedly assaulting five Sudanese students. They have been lodged in Coimbatore central prison.They attackers have been identified as D Vasanth alias Vasantha Kumar of Cheran Maa Nagar in the city and S Anand alias Anandakumar of Avarampalayam in the city. Vasanth and Anand are working as customer support engineers in a private company in RS Puram in the city.The duo confessed to police that on January 13, when they were waiting near a bakery at Avarampalayam, five Sudanese students came on a motor cycles and said hello. However, the two men, who were drunk, abused them in return which led to a brawl. When the Sudanese students left the spot, Vasanth and Anand followed them and assaulted them, said police.One of the students, L Hawere Abdul Azim, suffered a head injury and had to undergo surgery. Meanwhile, the duo left the spot and went into hiding.Peelamedu police registered a case against two unknown persons under section 307 (attempt to murder) and 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons).\"The duo went to Dharmapuri district and followed police movement with the help of friends. But we got a clue and arrested them when they got down from a bus at Nava India bus stop in the city\" said Inspector R Jeevanandam, Peelamedu police station.The Sudanese students are enrolled for various courses at SNR Sons College in the city. They are staying in a rented house at Avarampalayam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11677734", "title": "Hotel booking scam: FIR against 14", "text": "VARANASI: Finally the police lodged an FIR on Sunday against 14 persons, including the organising committee office bearers of 55th All India Congress of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (AICOG-2012), for charging extra amount against the declared tariff of hotel rooms from the participants.The five-day AICOG-2012 had commenced at Swatantrata Bhawan, BHU, from January 26. Before the beginning of the event, malpractice like quoting of huge room rents against the actual tariff of hotels booked for accommodating the participants by the organising committee on its website and the travel agencies assigned by the committee had been exposed. Taking a serious note of the same, district magistrate Ravindra initially directed ADM City MP Singh to probe into the matter. And, when the probe report confirmed such malpractice, he ordered to lodge FIR against those responsible for the irregularity.SP City MS Chauhan on Sunday said as the per the DM's order, an FIR had been lodged with Lanka police against 14 persons including all chairpersons, secretaries of AICOG's organising committee and also the owners and officials of travel agencies involved in it under sections 419, 420, 406 and 120B (fraudulent and conspiracy) of the IPC and also section 74 of the IT Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11668887", "title": "Raiding bars not your business, cops told", "text": "MUMBAI: Concerned at the slump in liquor sales and government revenue on account of the increased police raids on bars, chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad has told the cops that taking action against any kind of violation in this regard is not their job but that of excise officials.In a letter dated January 13, 2012, Gaikwad has said police officials are not supposed to meddle in matters legally not under their purview. Excise officials also confirmed the fact that the sales of IMFL and country liquor have taken a tumble following frequent raids and shutting down of bars much before the deadline. While the sale of liquor has declined by 26.8 lakh litres in the suburbs, in south Mumbai it is down by 13.2 lakh litres as compared to last year. According to the excise department, the loss of revenue in December 2011 as compared to December 2010 is 11%. Normally, it goes up every year.\"You may be aware of the fact that there is a state excise machinery to take action against liquor permit owners under the Mumbai Liquor Prohibition Act of 1949. In case of any complaint of breach of law or conditions by license-holders, it is expected of the police to pass on the information to excise officials instead of taking action on their own,\" the letter to DGP K Subramanyam and his subordinates says. \"However, it has been found that police officials are registering FIRs or criminal complaints against license holders over liquor permits. The home department, through its circular of April 20, 1982, a letter issued on October 27, 1988, and the May 4, 1974, circular by the DGP, has already instructed the police many times in this regard. Despite this, police officials are indulging in registration of crimes against license holders,\" the letter, a copy of which is with TOI, further states.Reacting to Gaikwad's letter, several bar owners in the city expressed their happiness at what they called a transparent, bold and liberal step towards streamlining administration. \"The letter is an achievement for us in the light of mounting police pressure and declining sales leading to growing losses to the industry as well as the excise department,\" said a veteran bar owner.According to the Mumbai Liquor Prohibition Act 1949, there are collectors who are the licensing authorities for most liquor permits. Section 104 of the Act, in case of any violation of rules, has a provision to recover a fine or adjustment charges from permit owners. \"However, any registration of crime against the license holders over minor complaints makes it difficult to recover the adjustment charges. This also shows a lack of coordination between the two government departments. These charges are one of the major sources of revenue for the excise department, which is aiming to collect over Rs 8,500 crore in the fiscal year 2011-12 against the earlier achieved target of Rs 5,900 crore,\" says Gaikwad.The letter states that the Bombay high court has already taken note of this issue under criminal application number 652/11 and 656/11. \"In a case between Santosh Nayak and the Maharashtra government and another criminal petition 414/03, the court has made it clear in its April 4, 2005, decision that the police should not take any action in case of violation of conditions and agreements of the liquor permit,\" says Gaikwad. \"The police machinery is supposed to track and take action against people indulging in any kind of smuggling and illegal sale of liquor, thus helping the government to increase the sale of liquor being sold legally, which ultimately helps increase revenue. Taking note of the above fact, you are requested to pass on such instructions to your subordinates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669522", "title": "One dead as 28 shops collapse in Nadiad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 42-year-old resident of Nadiad town died when 28 shops situated near the Talati Baugh area in the town collapsed early in the morning on Saturday.Soon after the incident, the nagarpalika has also issued notices to 28 shops in the same locality, fearing a similar incident, and has asked the shop owners to immediately vacate the premises.The dead person has been identified as Mohan Gagnani. On Saturday morning, the 28 shops collapsed. The shops were constructed and leased out in 1991. These shops were constructed on a canal which was made to drain out rain water.Some of the shop owners complained that these shops were given on lease, and were in dilapidated state. Despite several representations to the nagarpalika, for carrying out repairs, the officials had turned deaf ears to the demand of shop owners.The shop owners were anticipating such a tragic incident. However, since it was early in the morning, no major casualty was reported.Prashant Parikh the chief executive officer of the Nadiad nagar palika said, \"This is not the first market which is constructed on such a canal, there are several markets which have been constructed in this way here\".Hari Barot, who owned a shop in the area, said that the nagar palika officials have said that in the vicinity of the market there was a railway track which was passing. Early in the morning since the crossing was under repair the driver of an express train had to apply emergency brakes and this led to the collapse. He saidthe collapse was only the result of the bad maintenance by the nagarpalika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11668122", "title": "Italian author wins hearts at book fair", "text": "KOLKATA: \"All novels are historical. We can't escape history, it is everywhere. While the future does not exist and the present continuously slips away, the only constant is past that one can refer to while telling a story,\" said Italian archaeologist, historian, journalist and scriptwriter Valerio Massimo Manfredi.\"The only difference between historians and storytellers is that the former has to tell the truth while the latter is unfettered by such compulsions,\" he reasoned before a capacity audience attending the Ashok Sarkar Memorial Lecture at the book fair on Saturday.The writer of Alexander trilogy and The Last Legion that has been made into a film and the scriptwriter for the movie Memoirs of Hadrian said that historians must attempt to tell the truth, knowing fully well that it is impossible. \"Truth is abstract. What is the truth for one person may not necessarily be so for another. If you read the biography of any famous person written during his lifetime and again 50 years and 100 years after his death, they will each be different versions of the truth.\"According to Manfredi, history attempts to build a common identity and memory for a family, a neighbourhood, a city, a national and mankind on the whole. \"Memory and identity are fundamental to each individual. Imagine waking up one fine day without memory. You will be nobody.It is life experience and contacts that makes one who he or she is.\"While history is more authentic than stories, Manfredi reminded that story telling is much more ancient and came as soon as man was able to speak. \"Probably it started on one particular night with hunters sitting around a bonfire and one recounting how he was confronted with danger and survived.\"Extolling on the virtues of storytelling, he pointed to the craving for the alternative that is richer since mind has the capacity to delve on a plane that is much larger than one's life experience can afford.\"It can be a man's destiny to live forever in a small hamlet, ignorant yet curious of the big world that lies beyond. One day, a passerby-a pilgrim or a beggar-stops at the hamlet. He has a small treasure stored in his mind.He has stories to tell about different emotions, adventures, landscapes, countries, of a whole different life. What he says may be true or may not. But then, who cares.He has the magical capacity to transport the listener to a world beyond. He is the storyteller,\" added Manfredi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669380", "title": "RSS-backed Gadkari unfazed by Modi absence", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sullenness of Narendra Modi , who did not attend a single election rally of the party in Punjab and Uttarakhand, towards central leadership has been under focus since party president Nitin Gadkari brought the Gujarat chief minister's detractor Sanjay Joshi back from the wilderness and gave him the charge of the UP campaign.Joshi was in charge of party's affairs in Gujarat during the 90s, and is believed by many to be the reason why Modi had to leave the state during Keshubhai Patel's tenure as the CM.Joshi, who found himself in the organizational \"doghouse\" after a controversial CD featuring him surfaced during the 2004 session of party's national council in Mumbai, has been given the key role on the basis of an inquiry report which, it is claimed, exonerated the RSS pracharak of any wrongdoing. However, Modi is not impressed.This is not the first instance of Modi giving vent to his feelings by keeping a distance from an organizational endeavour because of his peeve over the restoration of Joshi as an important player. His participation in Advani's rath yatra was not seen as whole-hearted.However, the protest does not seem to have fazed Gadkari who also has the support of RSS leadership. Known for having his way, the party chief stood by Joshi despite fears even when many in the party favoured a \"compromise\" to save Advani's show from becoming a victim of tensions.The party chief, who has fielded Uma Bharti in UP polls in disregard of the resistance by UP satraps, was equally remorseless in dealing with former Uttarakhand CM Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank's resistance to B C Khanduri's elevation. Gadkari, who campaigned for Nishank only this week, changed his stance after reports of Nishank's activities raised disquiet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11670019", "title": "'Sustainable ecotourism is required'", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Ecotourism is not a simple term, but something which needs introspection by us,\" said Praveen Pardeshi, principal secretary, (forest), Maharashtra state.He was delivering the inaugural speech at a day long convention on 'Ecotourism Development - Revenue and Employment Opportunities in Vidarbha' organized by Vanarai Foundation, along with Balbir Singh Renu, a prominent industrialist.Girish Gandhi, trustee, Vanarai said, \"The forest department should recognize the NGOs working in this field and involve them.\"The convention had many sessions on various facets of eco tourism like its legal aspects, employment avenues and so on by experts. Renu said, \"The front line staff of the forest department also needs to be trained.\"Pardeshi added, \"Sustainable ecotourism which also brings development to the locals is required. Locals need to be involved in development process and given ownership.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11674343", "title": "Anna, MGR memorials to be renovated at Rs 8.90 crore", "text": "CHENNAI: The AIADMK government has granted Rs 8.90 crore for renovation of the memorials of two former chief ministers of the state, including the party founder M G Ramachandran.Funds to the tune of Rs 1.20 crore and Rs 4.30 crore were allotted to renovate the memorials of AIADMK leaders and former chief ministers C N Annadurai and Ramachandran respectively, an official statement said here today.While Annadurai's memorial will be renovated to sport a new look , additional construction will be undertaken at the memorial of Ramachandran at a cost of Rs 3.40 crore besides renovation.An outer wall and a new front facade will be constructed at Ramachandran's memorial, the statement said.The state government had announced the renovation work during the discussion on demands for grants in the Assembly in August last year.The memorials are located adjacent to each other in Anna Square near Marina Beach here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11667972", "title": "NDA chief honoured with AVSM for second time", "text": "Commandant of the National Defence Academy, Lt Gen Jatinder Singh, has been awarded Ati Vishisht Seva Medal (AVSM) in recognition of his devotion to duty and distinguished service. The Bar to AVSM means the general officer has bagged the AVSM for the second time.Singh is a specialist in mechanised and counter insurgency operations and took over as the NDA chief on January 1, 2011. He is an alumnus of the Sainik School, Kazhakootam, and the NDA's 42nd Course and was commissioned in the prestigious 1 Guards (2 Punjab) regiment of the Indian Army on June 13, 1973.A graduate of the Defence Services Staff College, Wellington, and Higher Command Course (Air), College of Air Warfare, Secunderabad, Singh was awarded the AVSM for the first time in 2008.Naval engg cadets' triathlon held: The cadets of naval engineering course at INS Shivaji, Lonavla, participated in a triathlon across the ghats of the Sahyadri ranges and the Arabian Sea, to commemorate the 63rd Republic Day and completion of '25 years of excellence in cadets training by INS Shivaji'. The cadets covered a total of 300 km by running, cycling and sailing from January 25 to 26.Four officers and 72 cadets participated in the triathlon. Of these, 54 cadets and one officer ran a distance of 115 km from INS Shivaji to Mandwa jetty, where they passed the baton to eight cadets and two officers, who had sailed from Mumbai. The last leg of this event was expedition cycling from Mumbai to Lonavla across the Western ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11672091", "title": "Prabhu Deva\u2019s musical ode to love!", "text": "The choreographer-director is all set to compose and feature in a music album that celebrates romanceThat four letter word called love has smitten everybody these days, and the latest is dance sensation Prabhu Deva.The choreographer-director is all set to release a few tracks that celebrate love - and what better occasion than Valentine's Day to unveil this ode to romance?The big news is that all the tunes have been composed by Prabhu himself ! When we contacted him, he said, \"I've been working on this for some time now and it should be ready for release on February 14. We're planning to do a music video of the songs and release it sometime later, perhaps in a couple of months.\"Prabhu will also shake a leg to the songs in the video. \"This is the first time I'm attempting something as grand as this,\" he discloses, \"Though I have danced on and off in films, it was for a short while only. It's been quite some time since I have actually showcased myself purely as a dancer and a lot of my well-wishers have been asking about that. This was the right opportunity for that.\"The director was last seen dancing on-screen to a slow romantic number in his 'Engeyum Kadhal' starring Jayam Ravi and Hansika in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11670685", "title": "Mom, daughter knifed to death", "text": "KOLKATA: A woman and her 12-year-old daughter were viciously murdered in their Baguiati flat, barely 2km from the airport, on Friday night. Sangeeta Loharika and Isha, a student of Salt Lake Sikshya Niketan, were stabbed several times, say police.Sangeeta's husband Arun, who was away on work in Rajasthan, returned on Saturday morning to find the decomposing bodies. The brutal double murder is the first big challenge for the newly formed Bidhannagar police commissionerate. After preliminary investigation, police have learnt that one of Arun's business associates is missing since the incident. Police teams are looking for him.Investigators have to find a motive because the killers left the cash and jewellery - even the ones Sangeeta wore - untouched. Police believe outsiders killed the duo but identifying them is going to be tough because many people visited the house in connection with Arun's business. Arun has been detained for questioning. The police are yet to make any arrests.The Loharikas had been staying in the rented apartment in the Aswininagar area for close to a year. Arun, who trades in garments, travels to Rajasthan frequently on business. He went on one such tour a few days ago.Arun told police he had been calling Sangeeta since Friday evening but she did not respond. The mobile was later found switched off. Sangeeta and her daughter were supposed to attend a wedding ceremony at College Street on Friday night, but they did not. Worried, Arun called his father-in-law in Hazaribagh, who also tried to contact Sangeeta but failed. Sangeeta's family then called Baguiati police station to file a missing person's complaint.On Saturday, Arun reached Kolkata and found his flat locked from outside. He broke in with some relatives and neighbours, only to find the bodies lying in blood-splattered rooms.Baguiati police rushed to the spot with fingerprint experts and sniffer dogs. Bidhannagar commissioner Rajeev Kumar supervised the crime scene investigation.'Loharikas' murder pre-planned'Arun Loharika's father-in-law arrived from Hazaribagh after hearing of the murder of his daughter and granddaughter. He and Arun were taken to the police station for questioning.Police say it was a pre-planned, cold blooded murder as the killers knew that Arun would not be at home. After killing the mother and daughter, the killers washed their hands in the bathroom before leaving the house, say police. Investigators are trying to ascertain the exact time when Sangeeta's mobile phone was switched off.The bodies have been sent for autopsy. \"We have found some clues on the case and we will crack it,\" said Rajeev Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669624", "title": "Class X and XII toppers' answer sheets go on sale", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students gearing up to appear for class X and XII (science) exams will now be able to see how top rank holders in board exams write their answers.Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) on Saturday put on sale the answer sheets of board toppers.Booklets containing the answer papers deemed best by the board officials have been printed as it is in the student's handwriting for the board candidates to get the feel of how the top rank holders write the papers to crack the exams. Marks given to the students in each answers, however, have been removed.The booklet, however, has only answer papers in Gujarati medium. Compilation of English medium answer sheets has not been printed.Chairman of GSHSEB R R Varsani said that English answer sheets could not be printed due to time constraints and will be printed next year.The booklet of best answer papers in class X consists of 320 pages and costs Rs 70. The booklet of class XII (science) consists of 232 pages and costs Rs 50.Officials said while the booklets are currently available at the GSHSEB office in Gandhinagar, they will be dispatched to all district education offices and will be available at the local offices in a week's time.Varsani said these answer sheets will give students an idea on how to write the examination and what is expected from the student to get high scores. Five main papers of class X - mathematics, science, social studies, English and Gujarati - and four papers of class XII - mathematics, physics, chemistry and biology - are up for sale.The practice to sell best answer sheets was in place till 2005, but the board discontinued the practice. Now the board has decided to resume the practice. In the past, over 25,000 copies of each subject were sold by the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11669852", "title": "Get 'crowned' this Rose Festival", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Are you an intelligent and a charming youngster of the Tricity? Well, here's a chance for you become popular.The UT administration in collaboration with city colleges and the Panjab University has planned to award the title of Mr and Miss Rose during a special event in the upcoming three-day Rose Festival from February 24-26.The selection process, which would begin next week, shall include three rounds a?? the traditional round, corporate round and the rapid question-answer session.The personality, intelligence and overall individuality of the participants shall be adjudged, and the winning names will be announced thereafter.CITCO general manager (tourism) A K Malhotra said, \"We have introduced these titles so that a maximum number of youngsters can showcase their talent and be awarded.\"Those interested can apply for their participation at CITCO office, Sector 17. More than 15 events would be organized during the three days.Floral hatsUT is incorporating another event namely \"Floral Hat Competition\". The participants would arrive wearing hats decorated with flowers, and a lucky one shall be chosen for the prize", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11668236", "title": "'Common men during Satavahana rule were poor'", "text": "PUNE: Excavations carried out at the Shiur village in Nanded district by archaeologists from city-based Deccan College Post Graduate and Research Institute and Solapur University have unearthed several objects and structures which indicate that a part of the Satavahana population or its common people residing here around the first Century AD were not economically very prosperous.The finding is significant, as inscriptions and coins found earlier and data from the big Satavahana sites had painted a rosy picture of the Satavahana period, the first dynasty of Maharashtra. The findings also confirmed trade links between Nanded and Gujarat 2,000 years ago.Vasant Shinde, joint director, Deccan College Post Graduate and Research Institute, said it is the first time that the institute has undertaken an excavation in Nanded, which in fact, has hitherto been neglected in the field of archaeology. \"We were earlier concentrating on major Satavahana sites in the state such as Paithan, Ter and Junnar. We, therefore, decided to excavate at a smaller site this time, i.e., Shiur, which was the small village of that period,\" said Shinde.The site was first investigated by Shinde and P P Dandwate from the Deccan College during September-October last year. Ceramics found from the site established that it belonged to the Satavahana period, dated between first Century AD and third Century AD.Shinde said the information that archaeologists have on the Satavahana dynasty is mostly through data obtained from major Satavahana sites as well as its inscriptions and coins.\"These edicts and coins contain at time exaggerated information, talking mostly about the rulers of the dynasty. We, therefore, do not know much about the life and material culture of the common people of the Satavahana period. It was hence necessary to undertake excavations in small Satavahana sites, where its common people lived, and thus estimate their true economic and social status,\" he said.\"Evidence found from Shiur says that the rosy economic status of Satavahanas was confined to only one or two settlements, while the commoners did not have an economically sound basis. We can deduce this because the remains of houses that have come out through the excavation show that these structures were very small, brittle and down-to-earth. These houses had wattle and daub walls,\" said Shinde.\"There is also a possibility that the roof of these structures was made of grass. This indicates the real economic condition of the people living here, while the inscriptions and data found in big Satavahana sites gave a completely different picture,\" he said.The archaeologists also came across three to four rectangular structures at the site, which they feel are the house floors, as the upper portions have disappeared over the centuries.Objects such as cooking hearths; broken pottery; food refuse including animal bones and grains (wheat, barley, rice and oilseeds); ornaments such as terracotta beads in the shape of areca nut (a typical shape of ornaments found in that period), have been found.\"We have also found beads made of semi-precious stones like Agate, Carnelian , Jasper and Quartz crystal. There is evidence that these ornaments or raw material came from Gujarat. We have also come across shell bangles, the material of which came from the Saurashtra coast, clearly indicating Nanded's trade links with Gujarat,\" said Shinde.In addition, the region was an important hub for agricultural activities, its fertile lands and Penganga and Godavari as its perennial rivers bearing testimony to this.\"The archaeologists found a couple of lead coins of the Satavahana dynasty, which can give us the calendar date of the settlement. We have also inferred that people from big sites came to Shiur to exploit its agricultural potential, and perhaps raised temporary structures to stay in till they harvested their produce. This shows a symbiotic relationship between big and small settlements during the Satavahana period,\" said Shinde.He added that studying the food refuse found from the site will help the archaeologists know about the Satavahana's food habits, agricultural system, and to some extent, the climatic condition that existed here during that time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "dehradun/new delhi", "code": "11669309", "title": "Cong's vision document is division document: Jaitley", "text": "DEHRADUN/NEW DELHI: One day after it vowed to abolish the recently- promulgated \"Muslim\"quota within the OBC quota , BJP attacked Congress for promising the minority community a share proportional to their population within the larger \"backward\" reservation scheme and attacked its rivals of engaging in \"competitive communalism\".Reacting to the promise in Congress's \"Vision Document\", BJP leader Arun Jaitley on Saturday dubbed the document a \"division document\".\"The Vision Document of Congress seems more like division document as it states about providing reservation on the basis of religion. I want to ask Congress to reconsider it as it is neither in the interest of the nation nor any political party\", agency reports quoted the BJP leader saying in Dehradun.He alleged that the Congress proposal was in effect a faith-based quota which was not allowed under the Constitution, was divisive and would hurt the genuine interests of backward classes, warning \"this deprivation could agitate the people belonging to backward classes and lead to tension in the society\".The focus on the \"Muslim quota\" which has become a major wedge issue in the polls is consistent with BJP 's plan to tape into any unrest among politically significant OBCs over the proposal to hive off a part of the OBC pie exclusively for \"backwards\" belonging to the minority community.The saffron outfit which was once taunted as \"Brahmin and Bania\" party because of its narrow upper caste base expanded aggressively beyond its social core to embrace \"backwards\" the 90s. It appeal shrank equally fast to be confined to the upper castes.The party sees in the \"Muslim quota\" an opportunity to renew its appeal to the OBCs, feeling confident that it will be the sole beneficiary of any angst among the \"backwards\" over the quota as dependence of SP and BSP on Muslim votes has seen them trying to better Congress' s outreach to Muslims.The calculation came off clearly in Jaitley's remarks at Dehuradun on Saturday. \"UP has become a battleground for competitive communalism\", he said.BJP is comfortable playing up the \"quota issue\" for another reason as well: it allows the party to play its old appeasement\" theme without sounding overtly \"communal\".The invocation of constitutional aversion towards faith-based quotas invokes fears of communal separateness getting institutionalized and kindles fears of the consequences can , its strategists hope, will resonate with groups which have not been sympathetic to its lament about the pampering of MuslimsHe said providing reservation on the basis of religion would not only divide the society but also deprive backward classes of their genuine rights. \"Jailey accused Congress of seeking to exacerbate divisions within society in order to win election.Meanwhile, senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Sudheendra Kulkarni criticized the vision document of Congress in Lucknow.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11673183", "title": "Awareness up, health food heads for canteen", "text": "NEW DELHI: What is junk food? The problem is that nobody seems to have a clear idea. Though the Centre has assured the Delhi high court that it will frame guidelines to identify and replace junk food in school canteens by July, it's time parents swapped noodles with sprouts.\"There is no clear definition of what junk food is,\" says social activist Rahul Verma, who filed a petition in the Delhi high court in December 2010 seeking a ban on junk food in schools. \"A south Delhi school served bread pakoras made by a cinema hall caterer. Another school had introduced momos claiming they were steamed, thus healthy. But since when has maida been healthy for children?\" he asks.The Delhi Commission for Protection of Child Rights also started a campaign against junk food last year. It had listed samosa as junk food, an item served in almost all school canteens.Rahul recalls that two years ago he came across a school girl who was admitted to a hospital because of bad eating habits. She didn't exercise and often popped antacids for quick relief . \"Working parents find it convenient to give Rs 30-40 to their child to eat lunch from the canteen. Many children skip their breakfast and eat the first meal of the day only around 11 am. Lack of sports only adds to the problem,\" he says while adding, \"The good news is that many schools are realizing the perils of junk food and have started revamping their menus.\"For instance, Father Agnel School in Gautam Nagar near Gulmohar Park has banned all products containing ajinomoto in its canteen. Principal Fr J A Carvalho says defining junk food is a grey area in India and schools should learn to draw a line based on harmful effects of different foods. He blames rapid commercialization for the popularity of junk food among children.\"We banned all aerated drinks in the canteen more than a decade ago. As a result, we lost sponsorship for our sports tournaments. But that was a small price we had to pay,\" says Fr Carvalho. Students of Fr Agnel School recently launched their own campaign and urged the high court that they should be made a party in the petition against junk food.Some schools have come up with interesting innovations to junk the junk. At Modern School, Barakhamba Road, colas have been replaced with soups. \"The samosas we offer are stuffed with vegetables. We have a peer learning club where students participate in food competitions in which they can cook only healthy food,\" says principal Latha Vaidyanathan.The Indian School at Josip Broz Tito Marg also switched to a healthy menu some years back. Rajma-rice and dal-rice are favourites among children though samosas and chana bhaturas are still available. \"We serve sandwiches, poha, idlis and fruits to children up till Class II. The meal is planned according to the calorie requirement of children,\" says viceprincipal Tania Joshi.Tantrums aside, nutrition can be a top priority at home, too. At Rachna Tiwari's home, noodles are always served with sprouts, roti wraps have replaced pizzas and milk products reign supreme. \"When my children didn't eat pulao, I offered them Green Spanish Rice that looked and sounded interesting,\" says Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11670717", "title": "SMC beats Services in friendly cricket match", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) XI defeated Services XI by six wickets in a friendly cricket match organised by the police department on Saturday at the Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) cricket stadium.Jagdish Patel scored 61 runs in 41 balls and secured man of the match position. Services XI scored 132 runs in 20 overs losing six wickets while SMC reached the target in 19 overs with loss of four wickets. Deputy commissioner of police, crime branch, Amit Vishwakarma was the highest scorer from the Services XI with 29 runs of 29 balls. Surat superintendent of police, Piyush Patel scored 19 runs of 27 balls.\"It's a friendly match organised to improve relationship between two departments and all the participants were enthusiastic about the event. Officials got to know each other better,\" said N D Solanki, DCP, zone I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11668533", "title": "High Court clears 3 govt doctors for PGCET", "text": "BANGALORE: It was 11th hour relief for three government doctors who wanted to do higher studies in medicine and dentistry.A special bench of the Karnataka high court on Saturday permitted the trio to appear for the Post-Graduate Entrance Test - 2012 today by issuing the necessary hall tickets.Justice B S Patil directed the Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS) to permit Dr H T Prathima, working as a dentist at the Government Hospital, Koratagere in Tumkur district, Dr Afzal Ur Rahman, general duty medical officer, Primary Health Centre in Sira taluk and Dr K G Jagadish, general duty medical officer at Community Health Centre, Pavagada taluk to appear for the exam.He also directed issuance of emergent notices to secretaries of department of health &amp; family welfare, medical education and the registrar of RGUHS while adjourning the hearing to February 8.The court said it needed to check whether the petitioners were diligent enough with regard to filing their application. The court also said they cannot claim any equity based on the interim order.The petitioners complained that though they applied for PGET-2012 in time through the competent authority (district health officer), RGUHS did not upload their hall tickets till January 24 saying that though online applications were received, the applications sent through the department were not yet received.They claimed the authorities did not heed their request to consider their case as they did not suffer from any sort of disqualification and due to their age, they may not get another opportunity in future.The RGUHS issued the notification for applications on November 21, 2011. The petitioners registered online between December 12 and 14. After completing the online registration, they submitted their applications with all necessary testimonials through the district health officer,Tumkur for him to forward to the RGUHS.The DHO forwarded the applications on December 19 and 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11669966", "title": "Discrepancies in EPICs stump voters", "text": "MADURAI: Fifty-four-year-old R Madhavan was stumped when he received the Electoral Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) for his family recently. His daughter's card had the name of his son in the slot for 'Father.' He, however, had the name of a stranger printed in the place of his son. The door number on his card too was wrong. It is not just Madhavan who is surprised and shocked at the jarring anomalies in distribution of the EPICs, touted as a foolproof method to eliminate bogus voting, but several other residents of Madurai too have found similar discrepancies in their cards.The residents are clueless on the continuing trend of discrepancies in EPIC despite the fact that the mammoth exercise of issuing cards began way back in 1996.\"Me and my family members voted in the 2009 parliamentary elections using EPICs, but were turned away when we went carrying the same card to cast votes during the last assembly elections as our names were not in the electoral roll. Again we gave applications to the election officials and received new cards, but found them defective,\" said R Madhavan, a businessman residing at Chinna Chockikulam.\"The card given in my name does not contain a door number, has the wrong date of birth printed in my wife's card and my son name is printed as Arumugam instead of Arunkumar. Similarly, in my daughter-in-law Pavala Mahesha's card, her husband's name is printed in the space meant for her father's,\" he said.S Sumathi (45), also a resident of Chockikulam, said her husband P Sinna Ilangan got the EPIC with his father's name printed as Periya Karuppan instead of Periya Pidaram. \"In my card, the address was wrong. How can such errors occur when we furnish proper details,\" she asked.In fact, Sumathi had to apply for new EPIC cards after she was turned away during the last assembly elections since her name was absent in the electoral rolls. During the local body polls, she could not vote as she was yet to receive fresh EPICs.P Kalidoss (59), a former panchayat president of Othakadai, abutting the city, said he too was not able to exercise his franchise in the last parliamentary poll. \"But I had a bigger shock when I received the new EPIC. In the gender column of my card, I was shown as female and in my wife's card, she was shown as male. These kind of mistakes recur because the election commission has outsourced data entry work,\" he said.Election officials in the district admit to errors in the EPICs. \"Errors occur despite our best efforts. Having been deputed from the revenue department, we are still facing shortage of manpower while processing application forms. However, we are ready to set them right. People can approach the respective assistant commissioner or tahsildar in their constituencies. The Election Commission is likely to chalk out a new strategy to enable permanent updating all through the year,\" said an election official.Election officials say any elector who finds anomalies in EPICs or electoral rolls can apply for correction of spelling, age and address in the roll and EPIC throughout the year under the plan. In case of defects such as wrong photo, incorrect name of elector, incorrect relation type, incorrect age, wrong sex, incorrect or incomplete address, the EPIC will be replaced free of charge, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11669936", "title": "City's little-7 bring out a magazine for their set", "text": "CHANDIGARH: What is it the schoolgoing kids of the city want to read about? It is information on latest gizmos, fashion trends and chartbuster music for Guaraangi Anand, a Class VI student. She discussed her desire with a couple of likeminded friends and the idea that was born was called \"Juniper\" by the group. Instead of waiting for some media to compile what they wanted to read about, the seven friends decided to bring out their own quarterly magazine, which would cover issues that would interest those in their age group. From designing to the content, including riddles, Sudoku and top-10 English songs, every detail in the magazine has been dealt by these students. \"We have printed our first edition and circulated among our friends. It will be uploaded online too,\" says Guaraangi, who conceptualized the idea.Kashish Kalra, the chief designer, came up with a creative cover page. \"Juniper means shrub. This was the first word we came across and it appealed. I have designed the cover page against the backdrop of shrub,\" she adds. Juniper includes gossip about movie stars, puzzles, games and reviews of latest video games. \"It is not a school magazine. The first edition is free of cost, but the next issues will be charged for. This will help us to understand marketing and finances,\" says another member of the group Prerna Vij.Elated about their first publication, the young designers and editors were funded by their parents for printing the magazine. \"Our parents contributed for the printing. Hence, we would price the next issue at Rs 10 per copy. The boys wanted to read about iPhone 4S while girls were keen on fashion trends, so we have a mixed content,\" says Shrishti Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11662755", "title": "Republic Day brunch at Second Sin", "text": "A special brunch was hosted for just ladies on the eve of Republic day at Second Sin, where many regulars from Delhi's social circle were seen dressed for the occasion.\"The idea was to celebrate the occasion in Bollywood ishtyle, and I wanted the ladies to have some fun,\" said Rachna Sandhu, the host of the brunch.FUN WITHOUT THE BETTER HALF: The highlight of the event was a dance performance by Reena Sarin. Dressed in a silver outfit, she danced to some popular Bollywood numbers like \"Senorita\" and \"Ooh La La\", among others. Shalini Vig, who was happily dancing on the floor, said, \"We usually don't get the opportunity to dance so freely at a gathering. This is the first time that all the woman are actually enjoying without their spouses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11674981", "title": "Mahatma Gandhi creates fresh record in Guinness Book!", "text": "KOLKATA: Sixty four years after his death, Mahatma Gandhi's name created a fresh world record in the Guinness Book as 485 underprivileged boys brought out a peace march dressed as 'Bapu'.Flaunting khadi attire and Gandhi caps, the group of boys wore round-framed spectacles and walked with sticks as they brought alive memories of Gandhi's historic Dandi march.Aged between ten and sixteen, the kids, most of whom are from single mothers, walked for half a kilometre distance at Mayo Road in central Kolkata during the peace march.Upholding the morals and ethics of the Father of the Nation, the walk metaphorically reminisced his principles of truth, justice and non-violence.After evaluating and monitoring the event, officials from the Guinness Book awarded the world record certificate to the UK-based organisers TRACKS (Training Recourse and Care for Kids).\"I am myself a Gandhi follower. This peace march is meant to inculcate Gandhi's values and messages in poor children. We don't want the underprivileged kids to forget the rich legacy of Gandhian ideology,\" said Michael Anthony who runs the NGO.The last such record of a gathering dressed as Gandhi was made in June 2010 when a group of 255 students achieved this in Coimbatore, Nikhil Shukla, India adjudicator of the Guinness, said here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11669689", "title": "Vehicle theft: Will city, rural cops unite to curb the menace?", "text": "NASHIK: The Superintendent of Police (Nashik Rural), Pravin Padwal, has held initial talks with the officiating police commis-sioner of Nashik, IG (Nashik Range) Mahendra Kamlakar, about over teaming up to solve the rising cases of vehicle theft in the city.With over a thousand of vehicles being stolen from the city in 2011 and three to four bikes reported stolen almost daily from various parts of the city, the city police have claimed that most of the vehicles are stolen in the city, then sold in the rural parts of the district at throwaway prices.While the city police contend that it is not technically possible to trace stolen bikes in each and every village move about in each and every village of the district, to trace stolen bikes, it is also a fact that most of the times, the villagers hide their bikes when they get information about police checking, considering that because they do not have the the required vehicle documentation.The city police have also been asking people not to purchase vehicles that are sold without documents. Generally, vehicles worth Rs 30,000 to 40,000 are disposed of off in the rural areas for as little as Rs 10,000 or less. or even less,After promising the buyers that they would take the remaining money for the vehicle on providing the necessary documents, However, these c vehicle vehicles thieves never show up with the the promised documents. turn up.Meanwhile, the police too, also cannot take serious action against the buyers in such a situation.District superintendent of Police Pravin Padwal said that the city police and the and rural police could can take up a joint campaign to trace such vehicles. They could and at the same time they can also decide on spots for where joint nakabandis involving can be taken up jointly by both police patrolling the forces. in a bid to nab vehicle thieves.The SP said that talks were at the initial stage, pending the completion of NMC elections. An effective strategy was soon going to be chalked out to tackle the problem bring down the incidences of vehicle number of vehicle thefts in the in rural and urban areas. as well as urban parts of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669314", "title": "Emerging artists share space with stalwarts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Brands sell. For many people, art, too, is all about Husain's horses or Raza's bindu motifs. However, an ongoing exhibition in the city is trying to change this perception by displaying works of emerging, and even unknown, artists in the same space with stalwarts like V S Gaitonde, Jagdish Swaminathan, Jogen Chowdhury and Ganesh Pyne.The exhibition, Adbhutam, is on at the Visual Arts Gallery, India Habitat Centre, till February 1. It includes mixed media pieces by artists from across the country and by foreign artists as well.\"Art needs to be judged and appreciated by quality. We wanted to highlight emerging artists who are doing quality work quietly and not really seen in a commercial space,\" says Rakhi Sarkar, director, Centre of International Modern Art, who curated the exhibition along with art historian, Dr Alka Pande. By including mixed media, Sarkar says, they wanted to break the barrier between art and craft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11670142", "title": "NCB nab charas smuggler in Kullu", "text": "MANALI: A team of narcotics control bureau (NCB) had to open fire in self defence when they were pelted with stones by charas smugglers. While they managed to arrest the main accused and seize 2kg charas from his possession, two smugglers managed to flee.The incident happened at Raison in Kullu on Thursday evening, NCB sources said in Mandi. \"Two of them successfully crossed the river. The main accused too was trying to flee and had crossed the Beas, but we kept chasing him till he was finally nabbed. Before this, he pelted us with stones and we had to shoot at him for self protection,\" a sleuth said.The accused was produced before the court and sent in judicial custody. The arrested accused has been identified as Chet Ram, resident of Baghani village in Kullu. He told the police that he was taking the consignment to a camping site near Raison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11668962", "title": "Siddharthnagar SP transferred", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two day after heated argument between Basti divisional commissioner Anurag Srivastava and his young IPS subordinate Mohit Gupta who was posted as SP, Siddharthnagar, during an election meeting on Thursday took place, the office of the chief electoral officer issued marching orders to the junior officer. Though officials termed it as a routine reshuffle, the orders transferred Gupta to Farrukhabad district in the same capacity.He will now be replaced with DK Rai, superintendent of police, police headquarters Allahabad. OP Sagar, who was working as SP Farrukhabad has been sent to Allahabad. V Chaitra - the district magistrate of Siddharthnagar was also transferred late on Saturday night. He has swapped position with Saurabh Babu who was posted as DM Panchsheelnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11667991", "title": "Ex-Army men to fill up police vacancies", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has decided to recruit 2,000 former Army men for the newly- formed set-up police commissionerates at Howrah, Salt Lake , Barrackpore and Asansol-Durgapur. Their ready experience would bail the government out of the current tightrope that demands increase in police personnel without adequate financial backing.While these trained jawans can be deployed immediately, The readily trained jawans can be deployed immediately whereas recruitment of regular policemen by the West Bengal Police Recruitment Board would be a time-consuming taking procedure. A bigger problem is the post-recruitment 36 weeks' training, given the fact that the state doesn't have enough police training schools.The decision to hire ex-servicemen also comes in the wake of the abject fiscal crisis that has disabled the government, vis-a-vis fresh recruitment. In a recent meeting with finance minister Amit Mitra, the newly-appointed finance secretary H K Dwivedi has categorically ruled out further job creation. The ex-Army men will, hence, be hired contractually and paid a consolidated salary (between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000) which will mean a lesser burden on the state exchequer. The jawans already receive pensions from the Army.The decision, sources at Writers' Buildings said, is based on the Bihar model. Its chief minister Nitish Kumar had set up a state auxiliary police force comprising ex-servicemen in 2006. Kumar's government, too, couldn't afford regular recruitment for meeting Bihar's shortfall in policemen at that point, and had resorted to this para-policing policy on contractual basis. The World Bank's State Health Project Scheme in 1998 also called for contractual recruitment of doctors rather than paying them a government salary with all its trappings.The new government's biggest priority is police reforms, and the chief minister is bent on filling up the existing vacancies as well as creating new posts to make people of the state secure against crime. Her decision to set up commissionerates is a crucial part of the reform policy. Mamata has also decreased the jurisdiction of policing even as she has included all the 141 wards of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) in Kolkata Police. Nine police stations in the city's outskirts have been split into 17 at the time of inclusion in the city police.Two more police commissionerates - at Siliguri and Haldia - are on the cards. \"The idea behind the reforms is to bring about qualitative change in policing which will now be manned at the headquarter level,\" said a home department official.The list of the 2,000 ex-servicemen will be drawn up from the records with the state Sainik Board. Officials feel the one-year contract will have to be extended to at least three because the ongoing regular recruitment of constables would call for 36 weeks' training. The chief minister has already started the recruitment of 5,000 constables and has created new posts of junior constables. But all these new recruits will have to undergo the compulsory training.Mamata has been crying herself hoarse over the vacancies of 15,000 policemen in Bengal Police. The state police only has 45,000 policemen against the sanctioned 60,000 to man an 8.5 crore population. The situation is much better in Kolkata Police with around 31,000 policemen (against the sactioned 32,000 posts) manning a 52 lakh population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11669137", "title": "City's first govt-run blood bank to start operation in Feb", "text": "NOIDA: Ambedkar Hospital, the city's first government multispecialty hospital, is going to have a full-fledged blood bank in February. This will also be the city's first government-operated blood bank and will cater to not only patients of Gautam Budh Nagar, but also Ghaziabad, Faridabad and Meerut. Hospital officials added that February 1 will see a massive blood donation camp being held at the hospital.Hospital officials say the donation camp will help gather blood that will be stored and preserved for transfusion. \"It's a 100 per cent free drive that will cater to everyone in the district and greatly help in strengthening the health care in the city,\" said Meena Mishra, CMS, Ambedkar Hospital.The blood bank will initially have a storage capacity for more than 300 bottles and will be open to the public by the second week of February. Doctors explained that for the blood bank to become fully open to the public, the blood gathered during the donation drive will be processed and analyzed before storing.Initially, the hospital will only be licensed for whole blood transfusion procedure. Officials added that depending on the success of the blood bank, the hospital will apply for the license for blood-component transfusion. Doctors explained that the shortage of blood banks in the city led to practical and logistical problems and in the past posed a major obstacle in treatment of patients. \"The blood bank will be essential for treating patients who previously had to go outside the city for treatment. Even in terms of emergency situations and accidents, the blood bank will be absolutely critical,\" added Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11670114", "title": "IMC to auction properties for non-payment of taxes", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is gearing up for the auction of around 32 properties for non-payment of taxes. Civic body is busy preparing terms and condition for the auction with the help of revenue department.A civic official said that anyone who wants to participate in the auction will have to fill in a form of Rs 100 and make a security deposit of Rs 50,000. After that he can participate in the auction at the scheduled date.The IMC will issue notification for the auction of properties. At a time, seven properties will be put under hammer and it may take around a month to complete the auction of 32 properties, after which the second phase of auction will begin.IMC is auctioning properties after a gap of around five years. Last time civic body had auctioned around 17 properties in 2006-07. \"At that time most of the people had paid their dues fearing auction,' said an official adding that we are expecting the similar response this time too.In order to avoid any glitches in the auction process, civic body has instructed officials to go through the rule and law and also seek of help of revenue department in the process.Nazul department will help the civic body with land record details necessary for the auction.Cash-strapped IMC has been running a drive against the property tax defaulters but it failed to recover dues from them. There are around 1.8 lakh property tax defaulters with pending dues of around Rs 200 crore. Till now, IMC has managed to collect only Rs 89.46 crore of property tax against the last year's collection of Rs 99.71 crore. But IMC believes that it will exceed last year's record.Lokayukta has also pulled up the IMC over poor recovery of property tax and has also asked to submit the monthly report. With the expansion of city limit and introduction of new set up plan, expenditure of civic body is expected to go up and it is under pressure to increase its revenue collection to meet its expenditure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "barabanki (up)", "code": "11673403", "title": "Two smugglers held, 2.5 kg morphine seized", "text": "BARABANKI (UP): Two suspected smugglers were arrested and 2.5 kg of morphine recovered from their possession in Jaidpur area, police said today.Sushul Kumar and Ravindra Kumar, believed to be members of an inter-state gang, were arrested near Ahmadpur village crossing last evening, Superintendent of Police R K Bharadwaj said.He said that morphine, recovered from the duo, has been estimated to be worth Rs 2.5 crore in the black market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11672289", "title": "4.5% quota for minority against Constitution: BJP", "text": "VARANASI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) claimed that as there was no improvement in its political graph in UP, the Congress had started playing communal card just before the assembly polls.Party's national spokesman and MP Shahnawaz Hussain said: \"Days are gone when the so-called secular parties succeeded in projecting BJP as Hauwa (panic) among the Muslim voters to ensure their polarisation against this party.\"What BJP had done during the regime of former Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee to increase literacy level among minorities by launching Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and the improvement in per capita income of minority in BJP ruled states, in comparison to non-BJP ruled states, had encouraged the Muslims to consider that BJP was not against any particular community, he said.Shahnawaj was addressing a press conference in the city on Saturday after the distribution of the copies of party's manifesto and vision for UP in view of the assembly elections. Instead of projecting BJP and RSS as anti-Muslim, the Congress should try to explain why its party president Sonia Gandhi and general secretary Rahul Gandhi were creating provision of 4.5% quota for minority at a time when their government was in minority, asked Shahnawaz. \"Why did former PMs like Pt Jawahar Lal Nehru, Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi, who had absolute majority, did not think about it?\" he asked.\"All those former PMs were well aware that making provision of quota on communal basis was against the ethics of the Constitution. It is due to the same reason the BJP is opposing this bid strongly,\" he said. Terming the provision of 4.5% quota for Muslims as a pure communal card, he said the Congress was trying to disturb the communal harmony in the country for petty political gains.He said people had not forgotten that the Congress had played the card of Sachchar Committee just before the past UP polls with similar motive, but it did not help in improving the party's performance in the state. He asked why Union home minister P Chidambaram was not holding a press conference to tell if role of Delhi police was correct in Batla House encounter or his party leaders like Rahul Gandhi and Digvijay Singh, who were making different claims while staying in UP, were correct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11670269", "title": "Seminar: Equal distribution of water needed", "text": "PANAJI: Tourism has led to increased dependence on piped water supply in the coastal areas of Goa. To prevent an acute water shortage in these coastal belts in the near future, the Travel and Tourism Association of Goa (TTAG) should have as its membership criteria for hotels, adoption of a social contract for equal distribution of water to people in coastal areas, UK-based NGO Tourism Concern stated in its study on water depletion in Goa's tourist areas.\"Hotels are charged the same rate as domestic water consumers despite lakhs of litres of water usage by them, as against the lesser quantity of water usage by households. It is time the government reconsidered and revised these rates to ensure equitable distribution of water in Goa's coastal belt,\" Rachel Noble of Tourism Concern said at the seminar of ground water depletion in Goa on Saturday in Panaji.The UK organization is conducting a study spanning across various countries on the depletion of ground water in places that attract a large number of tourists. In India, Goa was chosen to carry out the study, which mainly covers the coastal areas of the state that are frequented by international and domestic tourists in large numbers each year.\"We have recommended in the study that a policy for social contract on water equity in tourism be formulated and be made mandatory for TTAG members to adopt. Tourists also need to be sensitized on the water issues that Goa residents face because of excess usage of water by the tourism sector,\" Noble said.The study in Goa, conducted in association with local NGOs Human Rights Law Network and Council for Social Justice and Peace, is now completed and will be combined with studies conducted in other parts of the world and submitted to relevant authorities with a plea to implement the recommendations to ease the water depletion scenario in these areas.\"Awareness on water depletion in Goa's coastal areas needs to be brought about among Goans through the community and panchayats. The mobilization over the issues needs to take place through gram sabhas. There should be sensitization of the tourism industry and all the relevant government authorities. Similarly, Tourism Concern will also sensitize tourists from UK coming to Goa,\" Noble said. She stressed on the need for Goa to set up a people's tribunal on water equity in tourism and to adopt a campaign on zero tolerance on water injustice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11669548", "title": "Guten tag for cultural exchange", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Currently about to complete 4 years in the city, Goethe-Zentrum in Ahmedabad, as a measure to raise awareness about the activities of the centre, celebrated German Day in the city on Friday and Saturday. With an array of interesting events like language games, quizzes and singing songs, the centre reached out to aspiring students and professionals willing to explore opportunities in Germany. A German film festival was also organized on the occasion.The centre, a branch of Max Mueller Bhavan, focuses on German language training and teacher training. Currently, more than 70 students are learning the language at the centre. \"When we started in 2008, we had 1-2 students per class. From there we have made good progress. Also corporate houses like Bosch with their centres in Ahmedabad, and many others like Zydus, who have tie-ups with Germany are sending their executives to our classes,\" said Monica Grewal, director of the institute.\"Our attempts are not to just hold events, but also to increase cultural exchange and give the German edge to the students here,\" said Walter Buendgens, language director, Max Mueller Bhavan, who was in the city on the occasion.To improve cultural ties, the centre gives intensive exposure to German culture through exchange programmes and scholarships to students, professionals and teachers of German. They have tie-ups with institutions like IIM-A, PDPU and IGNOU in the city, and its collaboration with Kendriya Vidyalayas also benefits students here. \"Through the German Day celebrations, our aim was to make young people aware of what are the benefits of knowing the language,\" said Buendgens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11667974", "title": "22-ft Saraswati idol a big draw at Beadon Street", "text": "KOLKATA: Saraswati Puja has always been an occasion when organizers \"experiment\" with their creativity and erect innovative pandals to house the idol. Be it a palanquin, a tree house, a hut or some caricatures - organizers never fall short of ideas to give their puja a \"unique\" touch. But Beadon Street Sanket, one of the organizers in north Kolkata, has kept things simple yet managed to pull crowd this year. The sheer size of the Saraswati idol - a staggering 22 feet - has done the trick for this otherwise non-descript puja pandal.\"We did not want to surprise people with the so-called theme pandal or stylized idol. We just concentrated on our tradition. Last year, our idol was only 10 feet as we had to cut down our expenses due to fund crunch. But we could manage to fulfill our dream this year. Yes, we managed to arrange for a 22-feet Saraswati idol this time,\" said Monmeet, one of the organizers of Beadon Street Sanket.\"Few years ago, there was 30-feet idol in this locality. But that puja has stopped due to fund crunch,\" he added.Amidst hundreds of Saraswati Puja pandals, even the most reluctant pandal hoppers are bound to stop near this almost undecorated pandal to have a look at the idol.\"The tradition of tall idols can be seen at Kali Puja pandals of Barasat or in the Jagaddhatri Puja pandals in Chandernagore. But the highest Saraswati idols generally seen are of 8-9 feet. A Saraswati idol of this proportion is something unique,\" said Anup Shaw, an artisan of Kumartuli.If the idol has been a big draw, the locals are equally excited about its immersion. \"The immersion of this idol is an event to watch. The idol is already placed on a trolley. When it will be drawn towards Ahiritolla ghat for immersion, it will be followed by a huge number of youths and local elderly people,\" said Dilip Dutta, a shopkeeper in the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandel", "code": "11669122", "title": "Tribals hope polls pave path to progress", "text": "CHANDEL: The Chothe tribals of remote Wangparal village in Chandel district of Manipur exercised the most powerful tool of democracy, franchise, for a rather simple purpose - getting a pitch road. This small tribe comprising 500 voters know they cannot decide the poll outcome of Chandel constituency, but they are all geared up to vote for a new government in the hope of that the approach road to their village would be made a pitch, all-weather one.Shem Chothe, a 47-year-old voter from the village, said, \"Wangparal's main problem is the road leading to our village from the main road. It is a kutcha road full of dust. During monsoon, we have to walk barefoot for 5km in mud and slush from New Wangparal to catch a bus for Imphal or Chandel. We have to carry water to wash our feet before boarding a bus.\"The residents of Wangparal are hopeful the approach road will be coating of pitch before the next monsoon, putting an end to their troubles. \"We are all farmers and there are only two men with government jobs in our village. We are voting today for a new government so that it gives us a pitch road,\" he added.On Saturday morning, the day Manipur went to polls, Chothe tribal women from Old Wangparal and New Wangparal villages, clad in colourful traditional clothes, were seen thronging the polling station at Wangparal primary school to elect the MLA of Chandel constituency.The Chothe men too came out in large numbers to vote. \"I have already cast my vote. Everything is peaceful here and no militants tried to disturb us this time during the election,\" said P R Thimpu, a 53-year-old man from neighbouring Ziontlang village.Chandel district has two assembly constituencies - Tengnoupal and Chandel - where Nagas are the single largest community. But Naga candidates do not always win the polls as the number of non-Naga voters, including all other communities, is much larger than the Naga population. In the last assembly polls, a Naga candidate won in Tengnoupal while Chandel was represented by a Kuki candidate.In Liwa Changning village of Tengnoupal constituency, long, winding queues of voters were seen at the polling station. The voters here comprise Monsang, Moyon and Chothe tribals. The usual electoral fanfare - like makeshift camps of political parties outside the polling station - was missing this time due to the strict rules of the Election CommissionThe Monsang Nagas of the village came out of their houses and went straight to the polling booth. \"This time, everything is quiet and peaceful. After casting their votes, people are not hanging around the polling station unlike in previous elections,\" said Robert, a middle-aged Monsang tribesman.The scene was similar at the polling booth in Komlathabi village, which comes under Tengnoupal constituency. C H Dewanso, a 60-year-old a Moyon Naga tribal from Unapal village, walked two miles to the Komlathabi polling station to cast his vote.\"This time, the electioneering period was too short and it was all over within a few days. In a way, this is better. The strict rules imposed by the EC are good as they helped ensure free and fair polls,\" said Dewanso.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11672313", "title": "Despite 2 deaths in 2008, nothing has changed on ground level", "text": "VARANASI: Two deaths of malnourished kids in 2008 had brought a lot of attention to Dhannipur Nayi Basti, but beyond governmental promises, not much has changed for those living in Dhannipur Nayi Basti in weaver-dominated Lohta.Still struggling to make two ends meet, large families, uncertain means of livelihood and official apathy are taking their toll on the health of the children here.\"Yeh sahi hai ki 2008 ke baad kuposhan se koi bachcha nahi mara hai, lekin zindgi ke halaat bhi behtar nahi hue hain (It is true that no malnutrition death has been reported after 2008, but there has been no improvement in our living conditions as well),\" said Mohammed Moid, a native of the basti. \"The leaders come to our area only at the time of elections with lots of promises, but they never return after elections,\" he lamented.\"What we need most is the guarantee of livelihood for our survival,\" he said. The village has a population of 1,500, all associated with weaving trade. Dhannipur village had shot into limelight when a malnourished child had died on May 30, 2008. The entire administration had swung into action and the district magistrate along with health officials had visited the village to take stock of the situation. In follow up action, 11 children diagnosed with PEM-IV and PEM-III grades of malnutrition were admitted to the Shiv Prasad Gupta Government Hospital. Later, one more malnourished child of the same village had died in November 2008. \"Nothing has improved in our life.We have to struggle hard for our survival,\" said Sultana Bibi, the wife of a weaver when TOI team made a visit to Dhannipur village recently. To support her family of nine, she runs a petty betel shop in her brick house situated in one of the narrow lanes of the village. \"You can imagine how we manage to feed our children on a meager income of Rs 50-70 a day,\" she pointed out. However, in official records there is some improvement in the situation.According to the records, at the end of 2007, there were 503 severely malnourished children in Grade-III and Grade-IV categories of Protein Energy Malnutrition (PEM) in the district. Out of them, 100 were in the category of Grade IV indicating irreparable damage to growth and development of children. \"In the latest survey conducted in December 2011 in the district, there were 325 malnourished children of Grade-III and 42 children of Grade-IV,\" informed Gurmeet Gupta, the district programme officer of Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) scheme.According to her, 53,788 children were found Grade-II of malnutrition and 1,18,092 were suffering from Grade-I malnutrition. Out of 3,37,232 children under six in the district 164985 children were found normal. Malnutrition among children is a matter of serous concern as pointed out by the PM who said health of our economy and society lay in the health of children.The recently released HUNGaMA (Hunger and Malnutrition) Report has worried the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. In his speech at the release of HUNGAMA (Hunger and Malnutrition) Report, the PM said the problem of malnutrition was a matter of national shame.The occurrence of malnutrition also puts a question mark on the implementation of ICDS scheme introduced in the country in 1975 for early childhood development. The main objectives of ICDS are to lay the foundation for proper psychological development of children, improve nutritional and health status of children of 0-6 years age group, reduce incidence of mortality, morbidity, malnutrition and achieve effective co-ordination of policy and implementation among various departments to promote child development.The scheme provides an integrated approach for converging basic services through community-based workers and helpers in Anganwadi centres. According to Gupta, there are 3,914 such centres including 3,287 Anganwadi and 627 mini Anganwadi centres in the district to look after the needs of malnourished and underweight children. For proper growth of a child, a balanced died is needed to maintain the balance of protein and energy.\"According to the standards of the Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR), a child of the age group of four to six years needs 1690 calorie per kg per day while his protein requirement is 29 gram per day, the ratio of protein and energy,\" said Arvind Singh, a former office bearer of the Indian Medical Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11670211", "title": "Councillors in Pernem join BJP brigade", "text": "MAPUSA: In a major boost to the BJP ahead of elections, the chairperson of the Pernem municipal council Vasudev Deshprabhu along with six other councillors joined the BJP during its Jana Sampark Abhiyaan. Former Dhargal Sarpanch Bhushan Naik, once a strong supporter of sports minister Manohar Azgaonkar, also joined the BJP.The Jana Sampark Abhiyaan hit Mandrem and Pernem on Friday and Saturday respectively.Deshprabhu, along with councillors Gajanan Sawaldessai, Mahadev Shenvi Dessai, Upendra Deshprabhu,Amita Mashelkar and Nutan Aroskar joined BJP in the presence of party president Laximikant Parsekar and spokesperson Rajendra Arlekar. ZP member Deepak Kalangutkar, former minister Vinay Tendulkar and ticket aspirant Vithu Morajkar were also present.\"There should not be any apprehensions in the minds of the people, party will choose the appropriate candidate who will fight for the betterment of Pernem,\" said state president Laxmikant Parsekar during the Abhiyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11676332", "title": "Petrol theft from vehicles baffles Purushottam Palace residents", "text": "PATNA: In a different type of theft that has baffled the flat owners of Purushottam Palace Apartment in New Patliputra Colony, thieves pilfered petrol from nine vehicles parked in the basement of the apartment late on Friday night. The vehicle owners lodged a written complaint with the Patliputra police station in this connection on Sunday.One of the flat owners said that he came to know about the theft of petrol as he found the connecting rubber pipe to the petrol tank damaged on Saturday morning. He said that petrol from nine vehicles had been stolen after cutting the connecting rubber pipe. \"Though a security guard has been deployed in the apartment, it seems that he went to sleep,\" he said.Another flat owner said that two police officials visited the apartment to investigate the case on Sunday. He said that the police officials also questioned the security guard. Patliputra Colony police station SHO Krishna Prasad, however, said that he has not received any complaint in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11676092", "title": "Banishing no solution: Geelani", "text": "SRINAGAR: Hurriyat hardliner Syed Ali Shah Geelani has criticised the decision of a local Sharia court ordering expulsion of five Christian missionaries from Jammu and Kashmir, saying banishing someone is no solution.\"We are not with the decision taken by the Sharia court to banish a few persons from the state for their alleged role in conversions. Banishing someone is no solution,\" he said.A Sharia court last week issued a decree seeking the expulsion of five Christian missionaries from the state and asked the state government to monitor activities of Christian missionary schools in the Valley.The chairman of the hardline faction of the Hurriyat Conference, however, assured the Christians that they are safe in the Valley and praised their educational work in the Valley.\"They are a part and parcel of our society and it is our duty to protect them,\" he said.Geelani accused the Muslim Wakf Board of failing to live up to expectations of the people by not being able to establish schools and educational institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11669629", "title": "Misconceptions mar fight against HIV, say experts", "text": "CHENNAI: Twenty-five years after the first case of HIV/AIDS was reported in the country, experts say the main target in the fight against the disease is misconceptions. After releasing the 13th Behaviour Surveillance Survey Round XIII for 2011, experts in the field said that awareness among the public had gone up but awareness without misconception was low.Many believe that healthy-looking people have a good immune system and may not test positive for HIV/AIDS. Doctors have been trying to tell people that antiretroviral drugs - the medicines of choice for HIV/AIDS - will only keep the viral load low, but many assume they are safe after taking them. \"We require schemes to target misconceptions. Only awareness without misconceptions will strengthen the fight against HIV,\" said AIDS Prevention And Control (APAC) project director Dr Bimal Charles.Dr Charles said that in the surveys, people had said cleaning the vagina with vinegar or having sex with monkeys would keep out the infection.The annual survey report, by APAC project along with Tamil Nadu State AIDS Control Society (TANSACS) and USAID, has been prepared since 1996. The survey is conducted among high-risk groups like female sex workers, gays and injecting drug users and bridge population groups such as truckers and migrant workers.With a sample size of 5,000, the field work was done in November and December 2011 across 15 towns in Tamil Nadu. The results showed a significant improvement in the behaviour among targeted groups where NGOs were working.Most field workers had reasons to smile: condom use among female sex workers had gone up from 95.7% to 98.5%; 96.1% of gays reported using condoms during sex with commercial partners, 91% of gays reported taking HIV test in the last one year; the proportion of Injecting Drug Users (IDUs) who reported sharing needles and syringes with their partners reduced from 43.3% in the last round of BSS to 31.6% in the current round; and a lesser number of truckers (28.5%) reported seeking services of commercial sex workers when compared to earlier survey (45.1%).But there is still a need for improvement. For instance, though condom use is high among casual and regular clients, it remains low among regular partners; many counselling services aren't adequately used; and the changing patterns of sex workers have excluded some women from the intervention programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11667911", "title": "Pirates attack fishing trawlers, three killed", "text": "KOLKATA: A band of unarmed Sunderbans fishermen fought off a pirate attack in the Bay of Bengal on Friday but lost three of their men - including a father and son - to the brigands' bullets.The gang escaped and is still holding some 14 fishermen hostage somewhere in Bangladesh, say sources.Bodies of the three dead fishermen were brought to their homes in Kakdwip, South 24 Parganas on Saturday.Eleven other fishermen sustained bullet wounds. The nearest Bangladeshi island in Sunderbans lies 12-15 nautical miles from Kendo Island, where the attack took place. Five suspected pirates have been arrested.A large group of fishermen had set out on 12 trawlers on Thursday. After travelling 160 nautical miles to Kendo Island, they chose to halt for the night and resumed their journey around 10.30am on Friday. Three of the 12 trawlers fell behind by some 3km. These were the Ma Basanti I, Ma Basanti II and Ma Tara, all owned by Kakdwip resident Ranjit Halder.Hiding in the forests of Kendo Island was a band of some 17-odd pirates who found the stragglers easy prey. They intercepted the trawlers in a mechanized boat and tried to hijack the vessels.The brigands first targeted Ma Basanti I. As some pirates boarded it, the fishermen fought back. The pirates opened fire. Three fishermen 3 Dulal Das (50), his son Sripan Das (26) and Monmohan Das (25) died. Two were badly injured.On hearing the gunshots, the fishermen in the nine trawlers ahead turned back. But the pirates began firing indiscriminately at all three trawlers. Nine more fishermen sustained bullet wounds. But the fishermen on Ma Basanti II fought back hard, bare handed, and caught eight pirates. Three of them managed to escape by jumping into the water. But five others were tied to the trawler with ropes and held captive.By then, the nine trawlers had alerted the coastal police. Seeing patrol boats headed their way, the pirates opened fire again and hijacked the Ma Tara trawler with 14 fishermen onboard and sped towards Bangladesh.Fishermen in Ma Basanti II saw Niranjan Das, who was on Ma Tara, being shot in the head.While the police vessel and the nine trawlers tried chasing the hijacked Ma Tara, it proved futile as the pirates sped away fast with their hostages. Police suspect the gang may have come from Bangladesh.Seven of the injured have been admitted to Diamond Harbour hospital and two critically injured victims were shifted to Chittaranjan Medical Collage and Hospital. Union minister CM Jatua, minister of state for Sunderban affairs Shyamal Mondal and Shamima Sheikh, South 24 Parganas zilla sabhadhipati, visited the hospital and spoke to the injured.The police later arrested the five pirates tied up onboard Ma Basanti II. Police is probing whether those arrested are indeed pirates or belong to a criminal gang from Bangladesh. The five are being interrogated to find out where the criminals were hiding. Coastal police is liaising with their Bangladesh counterparts to know more on the gang.Jayjkrisna Halder, secretary of the local fishermen's association, said it was not an isolated incident. \"Such attacks have happened in the past. It's a recurrent threat because there is no police patrol here. The police have to be more active,\" he said.Senior police officers, including additional SP South 24 Parganas Kankar Prasad Barui have reached Kulpi to investigate the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11668557", "title": "'Sulking' Modi stays away campaign in Uttarakhand, Punjab", "text": "NEW DELHI: Curtains came down on campaigning in poll-bound Punjab and Uttarakhand without BJP's star campaigner Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi contributing to the party's grim effort to retain power in the two states.Modi, who features at the top of the list of party's central campaigners, did not address a single meeting in the two states, sparking off speculation about his continuing unhappiness with the leadership's decision to rehabilitate his detractor, Sanjay Joshi. The Gujarat CM is the most sought after campaigner among party candidates, who can energize the base, thanks to his firebrand image and rhetoric.Party sources lamented that Modi could have made a difference in Uttarakhand where the saffron outfit has defied the early signs of a sure defeat to bounce back in the reckoning. They feel that the energy that Modi can bring to electoral battles could have helped the party in the hill state where because of its small size of constituencies the margin between victory and defeat are often as low as just a couple of thousand votes.Modi's sullenness towards central leadership has been under focus since party president Nitin Gadkari brought Joshi back from the wilderness, and gave him the charge of the campaign in UP. Joshi was in-charge of party's affairs in Gujarat during the 90s, and is believed by many to be the reason why Modi had to leave the state during Keshubhai Patel's tenure as the CM.Joshi, who found himself in the organizational \"doghouse\" after a controversial CD featuring him surfaced during the 2004 session of party's national council in Mumbai, has been given the key role on the basis of an inquiry report which, it is claimed, exonerated the RSS pracharak of any wrongdoing. However, Modi is not impressed.This is not the first instance of Modi giving vent to his feelings by keeping a distance from an organizational endeavour beacuse of his peeve over the restoration of Joshi as an important player. His participation in Advani's rath yatra was not seen as whole-hearted.However, the protest does not seem to have fazed Gadkari who also has the support of RSS leadership. Known for having his way, the party chief stood by Joshi despite fears even when many in the party favoured a \"compromise\" to save Advani's show from becoming a victim of tensions.The party chief, who has fielded Uma Bharti in UP polls in disregard of the resistance by UP satraps, was equally remorseless in dealing with former Uttarakhand CM Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank's resistance to B C Khanduri's elevation. Gadkari, who campaigned for Nishank only this week, changed his stance after reports of Nishank's activities raised disquiet.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669289", "title": "Cong makes desperate dash to garner UP Brahmin votes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Few in Uttar Pradesh would have heard Mange Ram Sharma's name. But the Congress leader from Haryana has been asked to campaign in the state. So are many others who may be faceless for an average UP voter, but have a surname that suggests they are Brahmins.Congress is mobilizing Brahmin leaders of consequence or otherwise from across the country to boost its campaign in Uttar Pradesh amid concern that the party's strong pitch for Muslims and OBCs may have left the Brahmins peeved.The upper castes formed the Congress core since Independence and were expected to be the first to return to the party fold after Rahul Gandhi took over the reins. However, the 'social engineering' for the upcoming polls seems to have blacked out the community, who are being wooed by BSP's sarvjan slogan and BJP's use of Atal Bihari Vajpayee's image. The belated concern has forced the Congress to send an SOS to its Brahmin leaders - big and small, young and old. Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit and many others from north India are likely to descend on the state soon.The worry on the Brahmin front is a first for Congress which, despite the premier community's desertion in the wake of Ayodhya movement, was assured its return would lay the foundation for the party's revival in the state.But Congress's most serious attempt in UP in the last 20 years does not seem to have enthused the Brahmins. Many attribute the indifference to the party's blind focus on OBCs, Muslims and dalits, complaining the community felt taken for granted. The leadership front too seems barren despite Rita Joshi and Pramod Tiwari being heads of Congress state unit and legislature party, respectively, who are overshadowed by the central leaders.Insiders have advocated caution in junking the old support-base for the new combination.However, much changed over the last few years to resurrect Congress's fortunes. For instance, BJP's continuing failure in Delhi has nudged the Brahmins to reconsider their options, while their short-lived bonhomie with BSP post-2007 seems to have soured too. Congress strategists say the party is keen to seize the vacuum on the Brahmin front.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11668769", "title": "Gandhism is the only choice we have", "text": "BANGALORE: At 81, her memory is razor-sharp. Sumitra Gandhi Kulkarni is as coherent as she was at the age of 18, when the nation was stunned after her grandfather, Mahatma Gandhi , was assassinated. As she reminisces about her grandfather, just before the 63rd Martyrs Day that falls on Monday, Sumitra, daughter of Nirmala and Ramdas Gandhi (third son of Mahatma Gandhi), tells STOI the lessons she learnt and relevance of Gandhigiri now. Excerpts.Q. It's 63 years since the Mahatma was assassinated. Where were you on that day?I was an 18-year-old studying at Banaras Hindu University . At 5.30pm, I was called into the principal's cabin and informed about my grandfather's death. I couldn't believe my ears. I immediately took a train to Delhi. But the train couldn't move further from Jamuna Bridge as the track was filled with people. I got off and began to walk. Thousands were accumulating near Rajghat. I reached Rajghat and saw my father Ramdas Gandhi lighting the pyre. Jawaharlal Nehru recognized me in the crowd and asked me to stand beside him.My father was inconsolable as he was performing Bapu's last rites. I was the only child who accompanied the immersion of his ashes at Sangam in Allahabad. For several years on January 30, I would wake up very early and take bath in cold water.Today, when I close my eyes, everything keeps flashing in front of me. Bapu's ashes were taken to all states, including Karnataka. It was brought to Mysore and immersed in river Cauvery. He's still here.Q. What is your best lesson from the Mahatma?The greatest lesson I learnt from him was to be fearless. He would always tell me, 'If you are fearless, there will be no difficulties in life.' I learnt so much from him because I would spend my summer vacations with him wherever he was, even while he was travelling. He taught me how to write well and improve my handwriting. Once, when I asked him for bangles and anklets, Bapu told me they were symbols which show that women are tied down. I never asked him again.Q. What's your take on today's politics?It's best if I do not talk about today's politics or governance. I was an MP from 1972-76 so I know how it is. I will stick to my grandfather's principles in life. I have authored a three-volume work on him titled 'Anmol Virasat' on Gandhi's life and work.Q. Gandhism seems to be reviving today. Gandhigiri is the mantra even among India's youth. Why?I'm glad Gandhism is being revived. Why not? What's the other choice? My grandfather's non-violence methods are relevant even today in the country, given that other means to stop violence have not yielded any results.Q. What do you do on January 30 every year?I pray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11671955", "title": "This book fair, watch out for a 'smart book'", "text": "A bird? A plane? No, a smart book! This book fair, publishers are pushing the envelope with form and content.It's 36 years old, but it still manages to spring some surprises every year. And this time round, the biggest draw at the Kolkata Book Fair are some of the books on offer, which are pushing the boundaries of the trade with their innovative form and content.Take for example, Aami Tomake by author Samaresh Majumder, brought out of Sahityam. The cover has a woman, seen from behind, hugging a man. Her slinky blouse is held together by a real knotted string and - here's the catch - it's a knot you can untie before opening the book itself. The book has drawn its fair bit of controversy, but that hasn't bothered Sourish Mitra, who designed the cover.\"At first, I was a bit apprehensive about the idea. But later, with the publisher's enthusiasm, I went on with it. You can see the result and the reactions,\" says Mitra, who's also designed the cover of Sondesh: Sera Sankalan, 1961-2000 from Dey's Publishers'. The book's USP? It comes in a case which is designed like a mishtir baksho, the famous Sondesh logo on it.Other books being unveiled at the book fair are pushing the envelope in terms of content. Gangchil has come out with Biyer Shabdokosh - a unique effort that has a detailed inventory of all the words associated with the big, fat Bengali wedding. Thakurbarir Meyeder Lekha, by the same publishing house, is a collection of write-ups by the women of the Tagore family. Is Bengali publishing reshaping its philosophy then to meet market demands?According to author Sunil Gangopadhyay, \"We are moving into the age of e-books. Soon, a time will come when people will stop reading paperbacks. That's why many new and veteran publishers are coming up with creative ideas on book marketing and promotion. The competition from English publishers is also urging them to think out of the box.\" The net gain for the local publishing industry is the sudden blaze of creativity. Says Gangchil's frontman Adhir Biswas, \"We started our house with one motto, we should provide our readers with variety. It can be in content or in form, we try to do both.\"Their children's books, published under the head of Doyel, are a huge hit with their 3D Abol Tabol still selling in scores. Lalmati, the publishing house, sounded the clarion call of new-age publishing with their Ilishe Anondo, released in 2010, which contained 150 ilish recipes. It's reprint of the Leela Majumdar classic, Podipishir Bormi Baksho, came in a red velvet jewellery box. The best part about the book - it looked like the fish itself.This year, the same house has brought out a two-volume omnibus of Narayan Debnath's cartoons and book covers. Talpata, Karigor and Pratikkhan are three other houses which have broken new ground with their books. Poet and lyricist Srijato - whose book of poems, Borshamongol, is shaped like a picture postcard and is a bestseller - says, \"It's great to see young people enter publishing with fresh ideas. As the business is doing good, more money is used in experiments. The unique form completely depends on creative content. If authors are creative enough, it helps publishers and designers innovate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11672385", "title": "MNNIT\u2019s 3-day annual fest concludes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The three-day annual cultural extravaganza, Culrav 2012' of Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT) concluded on Saturday. The fest witnessed participation of over 6,000 students from various technical institutions of the state and outside. Dozens of cultural and literary events were organised during the fest.The highlights of the concluding day were Spandan (a fashion show) which was followed by 'celebrity night' presented by Shruti Pathak and Bandish band. Earlier on the inaugural day on Thursday evening, a folk dance night 'Lok Tarang' was organised at Rajiv Gandhi MP Hall.The artistes depicted the rich cultural heritage which dots the landscape of Indian states through their different folk dance forms. The much-awaited musical event 'Rhythm' was appreciated by one and all with the winners Indraneel Sarkar and Mayukh Dhar from United College presenting a unique amalgamation of rhythm and beats in their presentation on the second day of the fest on Friday.The pulsating finale of instrumental events saw George from MNNIT bagging the top spot in this highly competitive event. The precincts of spacious MP Hall became the arena for Western dance event 'Burn the floor' which brought the crowd to their feet in the backdrop of foot tapping Western numbers belted out by the participants. The musical group 'D CREW' from MNNIT won the gold medal in the category.Budding engineers and managers were locked in intense discussions on the topic 'The world is a better place after the advent of the internet' in the English literary event 'the great debaters'. The turnout for the event was impressive with participants from various institutions like SRM, Modinagar, United College, Allahabad University and SIET, Allahabad, slogging it out for the top honours.Aman Khare of MNNIT romped home victorious in the Hindi debate 'Tark Vitark', which tested the skill and command of the participants in Hindi. The 'final year eve' meant for the final-year students was a moment to revel in their last chance to perform on the college stage. There was a grand closing to the day with the event Rocktave at Gymkhana grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11669179", "title": "Dow re-labelled, sold UCC products to evade law", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dow and its affiliate companies, knowingly and willfully, sold products of Union Carbide Corporation (UCC) in India routing it through untainted companies by re-labeling them to subvert the asset attachment orders of Indian courts. TOI has accessed internal documents - emails, correspondence and memos etc - of Dow showing how the chemical giant decided to label UCC products and sell them in its name to evade taint and prosecution.The documents show Dow continued to set the prices for UCC products in India, though it now claims UCC is a separate entity and it has no responsibility for the firm's liabilities for the 1984 Bhopal gas tragedy. Dow sold goods worth $24 million of UCC products in 1999 through one company alone. The correspondence indicates that there was a concerted and conscious attempt to create a firewall between Dow and UCC in public domain, and rebrand UCC as Dow's.These documents were submitted as evidence by one such front company in litigation against Dow in a US Court, which remained buried in the records so far.Dow has never claimed ownership over UCC's liabilities in India, and insisted that the latter is a separate legal entity. The Bhopal activists have demanded that the corporate veil between the two be breached by courts and the government to prosecute the chemical giant, which has also got embroiled in the controversy over sponsoring the London Olympics, 2012.A mail from Dow Chemical Pacific Manager in April 2001 reads, \"There was a big lawsuit with UCC in India in the past. UCC considered the case is closed but India's official and companies didn't think so. Presuming the product ships directly from USA to India, my suggestion is to selling the product under Dow legal entity with Dow label and document will be a good way to proceed.\"Another email from Graham Fox, Dow Chemical regional GM for Middle East &Indian; subcontinent, to Ravi Muthukrishnan, country manager, Dow Chemical International Pvt. Ltd. (Mumbai) in January, 2001, states, \"As you will be aware, UCC have not sold directly to India since Bhopal and have used Mega Visa to handle many of their sales of specialty chemicals, some bulk chemicals and wire &amp; cable products. They work across our Dow businesses and have some several million $ sales revenue as I understand it.\"A third letter indicates that this was part of a well-thought out strategy to create a firewall between Dow and UCC after their merger. A Catherine Maxey, Public Affairs director at Dow, wrote in March, 2001, \"Union Carbide Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company. UCC will not be issuing any more press releases, product announcements, price increases, etc. All business activities are done under the umbrella of a Dow business. We face the market as Dow. Reporters will be tempted to keep talking about Union Carbide. But we should discourage reporters from using the words Union Carbide, unless it's reference to a historical activity. There should be no need for a trade press reporter to refer to Union Carbide, as we face the market as Dow They should not call a product a \"Union Carbide product.\" All products are sold as Dow products now. Any current or future activity of a business is done as Dow.\"Another email reveals that Dow officials were making crucial decisions like price of UCC products.An email from Arpana Mody, Dow India manager in June, 2001, reads, \"We agreed on the following procedural steps for handling Mega Visa orders through Singapore: Mega Visa-Mumbai, after obtaining enquiry will refer to respective Business Managers in Dow-India for pricing. This will be for products where pricing is not standard and subject to change. After getting order from Mega Visa-Mumbai, Mega Visa-Singapore will place order on UCC-Singapore, under copy to respective Business Managers and Mr Ashish Mitra at Dow India for price approval.\"Yet another email from a Dow manager says, \"Since Megavisa Singapore is a dummy company who negotiates nothing and owns nothing, Dow India now would like to do the business with MegaVisa India direct.\" But the idea was shot down by higher ups in the legal department of the company, stating, \"Country management and I are against this idea at the present time due to the threat of litigation and the protest incident of a couple of months ago.\"The series of correspondence reveals the linkage between various Dow companies internationally, the use of `corporate veil' and their continued trading of UCC products in India after the courts here named it as a proclaimed offender and ordered its movable and immovable properties attached.The Indian government in its curative petition has not asked the Supreme Court to breach the corporate veil between Dow and UCC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11673753", "title": "Outsourced: Values, traditions for a price", "text": "NEW DELHI: Grandparents don't read to children from the scriptures anymore; parents have no time to discuss current affairs. The nuclear, double-income family has a cultural void, and parents alive to the gap are filling it with outsourced lessons in values and traditions.Meditation, spirituality, yoga, personality development, story-telling, public-speaking classes and sessions are becoming a rage among parents. Mogly's Gurukul, for instance, teaches kids how to perform yajnas and havans, Ganesh and Shiv pujas. Ruchi Mitroo, one of their teachers, says there is a demand among working parents for values training that was earlier passed down in the family with interaction among members of different generations.\"Earlier, grandparents and elders took care of value education. Now, working parents juggling family with work life have little time to spend with children,\" she said.\"With competition high and parents pressing kids to perform better, there is also more stress,\" she added. Programme coordinator for Zorba the Buddha, a centre that hosts and also organizes yoga, meditation and other life skill-related workshops for adults and children, Pragnya Wakhu says that with children practically wired to technology these days, they have shorter attention spans. In fact, their patience runs out so fast that it prompts parents seeking professional help.\"With the onset of the information age, children have shorter fuses,\" she said. At Zorba, kids can learn, among other things, therapeutic dancing, chanting and music appreciation. These, said Wakhu, calm them down and will, hopefully, make them caring and sensitive adults.Many kids coming to her workshops often come very disturbed. \"Bullying at school, video games or television programmes make them aggressive. There is a lot of pent-up anger. The workshops help them calm down and bring them closer to nature,\" added Wakhu.While such courses have become popular, senior psychologist at Moolchand Hospital Jitender Nagpal has a word of caution for parents. These \"alternative methods\" shouldn't become the norm with parents not being involved enough in the lives of their kids.\"The paradox of today's metro-urban culture is that we have time for everything virtual but not for real communication,\" he said, \"While there is a need for focusing on personality development of children, I would ask parents not to be obsessed with it and find the time to contribute to their development.\"Also, these activities should not be imposed upon the child. \"Kids should be given complete freedom to choose what interests them. This not only helps in learning but also fosters the ability to decide and think for themselves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11668574", "title": "Robocopter to the rescue: send in the supplies", "text": "On December 17, 2011, an epoch-making occurrence took place; it has gone unheralded, but time may show it as a path-breaking event that will revolutionize the use of air power in combat. The first operational cargo delivery by an unmanned aerial vehicle took place in a combat zone when a K-Max unmanned helicopter in Afghanistan transported 3000 lbs of cargo, underslung beneath it, in a two-hour flight to resupply an outpost of the US Marines.Well, what's so great about this, when the first unmanned devices were explosive-filled balloons used by Austria way back in 1849 to attack Venice? Unmanned aircraft first flew a century ago in World War I and development of drones continued post WW II, as the Americans were alive to the dangers to their spy planes being targeted by the Soviets - their fears came true in 1962 when one of their planes was shot down in Soviet airspace. The Israelis showed great tactical use of their drones in the 1982 Bekaa Valley action, which was the first electronic warfare campaign built on blinding the enemy air defence- the 82:1 kill ratio points to their success. And, there are a dime a dozen drones flying the world's skies, with the ones in the AfPak region making news daily. So, what's so unique in the Afghanistan K-Max supply mission?Re-supply of troops is a task that all commanders hold dear; improper preparation may cause loss of combat force and morale; one needs to go back in history to get the full import of this statement. The Germans, in the Battle of Stalingrad in WW II, lost 488 aircraft and 1000 aircrew while supplying their men surrounded by the Russians! In Indo-China, the French lost 62 aircraft in their endeavour to support their troops in the May 1954 siege of Dien Bien Phu. More importantly, both the countries lost the battles and due to loss of national morale, both events became turning points in the conflicts.So, where does technology take us from the K-Max operation? In future, Army posts can be kept supplied in areas where access is difficult due to road-bound threats. The human toll in road convoys due to IEDs, roadside bombs and ambushes would be greatly reduced and aircrew losses to missile and small arms hits from ground forces on aircraft and helicopters on supply missions, eliminated. The load carried by a helicopter is limited but a fixed wing aircraft can carry much more, and fly faster too. The next step would be the adaptation of the tilt rotor V-22, which takes off and lands as a helicopter but in flight translates to fixed wing flight, like an aircraft - the distances and loads that could then be transported would increase almost exponentially. With net centricity and satellite communication being the order of the day, control of these flights could be exercised from almost anywhere in the world.Would it be a revolution in the conduct of military operations? Only time would answer that, but one needs to remember that the inventions of the wheel, gunpowder, the telegraph and the railroad were also viewed as innocuous events but transformed the battlefield in more ways than one. The country that did not or was slow to adopt the technology did so at its own peril. As they say, war is all about logistics. Alexander the Great is reported to have said, \"My logisticians are a humourless lot... they know if my campaign fails, they are the first ones I will slay\"; and Sun Tzu stated that, \"The line between disorder and order lies in logistics.\" The operationalisation of the unmanned K-Max may herald such a coming -- for sure it can not replace logistics by road, but automated replenishment by air, come day or night, would serve as a game changer in certain key and pivotal operations.India missed the industrial revolution due to its bondage, and the ongoing revolution in military affairs will not wait for any country, as its continuum appears infinite; maybe it's time to add another 'T' in a famous adage and say, 'Time, tide and technology waits for no man'. It's in our interest, as an emerging power, that we keep pace with the developments to stay relevant.Air Vice Marshal Manmohan Bahadur is a serving officer of the Indian Air Force", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11670838", "title": "Capital to try out foreign waste processing models", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government is planning to set up new waste processing units in the city modeled after some successful waste processing mechanisms from foreign countries.The models have been proposed by the technical committee constituted by the Shuchitwa mission to study waste processing mechanisms in foreign countries.The models include an integrated processing plant,modern bio-methanation unit and pyrolysis or gasification unit.\"All these models do not have any odour or leakage. It would not even need additional land for filling the sanitary waste,\" said a top official of Shuchitwa mission on the sidelines of a seminar on garbage treatment held here on Tuesday.The official explained that the government is now trying to identify ideal locations for installing these new plants. The plants will be set up on public-private partnership basis. Each plant will have a capacity to process 25-30 tonnes of waste per dayThe technical committee has also proposed for the setting up of a leakage-free waste plant in Kochi. \"The idea is to promote source level waste treatment along with high capacity projects.Two-three mega plants will be set up at key locations in the city. Besides the government will provide subsidy for every household interested in decentralised waste management,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11668011", "title": "Katju condemns attack on TOI's Mumbai office", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press Council chief Markandey Katju has condemned the attack on Times of India's Mumbai office on Saturday, and asked the Maharashtra government for a report.In a sharply worded letter to Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan, Katju said that the act was ``totally unacceptable'' in a democracy, and termed it a ``gross violation of media's Constitutional right'.'``Please therefore let me know at the earliest what action have you taken against the hooligans who committed this outrage. In particular, please inform me whether the delinquents have been arrested and any criminal proceedings launched against them,'' the PCI chairperson's letter said.Katju also pointed out that he had raised the issue of such assaults and harassment of journalists earlier. He added that the Press Council may now have to take a ``serious view of the matter and take suitable action if such incidents are not curbed in your state.''Katju said that the media enjoyed freedom under article 19(1) (a) of the Constitution of India and it was the duty of the Press Council to maintain the freedom of the press. ``If mediapersons or media offices are physically attacked it is gross violation of the media's Constitutional right....Your Government's duty is to maintain law and order, and also uphold the Constitution,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11669668", "title": "Corporation to e-mail property tax receipts", "text": "CHENNAI: To ensure better accountability and transparency in tax collection, the revenue department of the Chennai Corporation has decided to begin sending e-mail statements for property tax from the next financial year. Under the new facility, the tax payer will get a receipt through e-mail once he remits property tax. The civic body also plans to resume the 'register your phone' facility to remind people about the due date for paying tax.A senior official said this was part of the digitisation process the corporation planned to start in the coming fiscal. \"A tax receipt through e-mail works fine for both the payer and the corporation. The payer doesn't misplace it and the corporation can save on paper,\" he said. About 80% of the corporation's total revenue collection comes from property tax.A corporation official will call or text taxpayers who avail the 'register your phone number' facility, to remind them about the pay-by date. \"We had tried this out, but earlier there was some network problem. We are in talks with a mobile service provider to resume the service. Once it is activated, people can register their phone numbers at the local office of the corporation,\" the official said.The corporation has been receiving a number of complaints on tax payment after the expansion of the city from 174sqkm to 426sqkm in September 2011. \"Many people are unaware of their zone number. Only about 60% of people pay their property tax on time. We lost about 600 crore last year. After much effort, officers of the revenue and vigilance departments recovered 376 crore. Often the excuse is that people forgot the pay-by date. With the alert mechanism, this can be avoided,\" the official said.The civic body has completed the work on online property tax database of more than 6.5 lakh assesses in the old city limits. The database of the newly-added wards, including Tiruvottiyur, Manali, Madhavaram, Ambattur, Valasaravakkam, Alandur, Perungudi and Sholinganallur, would have the facility from the next financial year.As per Section 100 of the Chennai City Municipal Corporation Act 1919, the concept of reasonable letting value has been adopted for arriving at the annual rental value and half-yearly tax for any property within the city limits. The monthly rental value is fixed with reference to the basic rate per square foot for residential and non-residential properties separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11669599", "title": "Aruna Sairam, Krishna usher spring in the city", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city was in for a rare treat of divine music with T M Krishna singing at the Ramar Temple early in the morning and Aruna Sairam holding audiences captive at the Botanical Garden at Tamil Nadu Agricultural University.Sairam, besides singing abhangs (Marathi devotional songs), also sang popular Tamil and Telugu songs. Krishna too sang popular numbers. \"It was a wonderful concert. It was great to see people turn up at 6.45am for listening to music. But the temple was small and did not have proper sound facilities,\" said Krishnakumar, who attended the concert.Sairam, who engaged with the audience, said though she was in town to sing abhangs on the first day of the spring of the Hindu colander, would also sing Tamil and Telugu compositions. \"Thus, we will keep going north and south and pick songs from both parts of India,\" she said.The events were organized by the Coimbatore zone of CII in association with ICC. The 'Vasantha Panchami Kala Utsav' also featured Yodhakaa, an contemporary Indian musical group, and qawwali by Warsi Brothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11669405", "title": "Three held for chinkara poaching", "text": "JAISALMER: Dhorimanna police of Barmer district on Saturday arrested three members of a big racket who were returning after poaching chinkaras. The police have recovered hides of five chinkaras from their Indica car and one chinkara's body. During this campaign, two members of the gang managed to escape.Dhorimanna police station sub inspector Lakha Ram said on Saturday at 4.30 am, police got information that a few people were poaching chinkara near the Khari village border.Police team reached the spot and found a car coming in their direction. The police stopped the car and while searching found five hides of chikara and a body of freshly poached chinkara. Police caught poachers Shamura Ram Bheel, Reshma Ram Bheel and Mohammad Khan , while Hukma Ram and another poacher managed to escape.Police also recovered a stick from the car that was used to kill chinkara. Police got post mortem of the chinkara's body done from the medical board and arrested the culprits under Section 9/51 of the Wildlife Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11669713", "title": "Shemrock kids turn high flyers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: About 170 students of Shemrock Senior Secondary School, Mohali, participated in a kite flying competition on the occasion of Basant Panchmi organized at the school premises by Rotary Chandigarh Shivalik on Saturday.The teams comprising Gurpreet and Janpreet and Rishab and Simarjeet won the competition in category 1 (class VI to VIII) and category 2 (class IX and X) respectively.Rotarian Ashok Laroia, president of Rotary Chandigarh Shivalik, said \"The objective of the competition was to inculcate team spirit and competitive streak in the students.The students were also briefed about the reason why Basant Panchmi is celebrated the importance goddess Saraswati, the deity of knowledge.S K Sharma, director-principal of Shemrock School, said \"We have always believed in overall personality development of our students and we are happy with their participation in such large numbers.\"The other winners in category 1 included Gurdeep and Zorawar at the second spot along with Paras and Rabjit at the third.In category 2, Jatin and Vijaypal came second while Karanveer and Karamvir bagged the third position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-29"}
