{"city": "None", "code": "16277694", "title": "My boobs are too big to run: Jessica Simpson", "text": "Jessica Simpson , who is struggling to shed the extra kilos she gained during pregnancy, has bemoaned the fact that her \"boobs are too big to run.\"According to USA Today , the 32-year-old said that she is doing about 60 minutes of cardio exercise a day in a bid to lose weight before the next season of 'Fashion Star'.\"My boobs are way too big to run at this point. I'm just walking,\" News.com.au quoted her as saying.Simpson, who gave birth to her first child on May 1, said that she is monitoring her food intake in an attempt to shed the extra kilos.The singer has donned a pedometer to track her steps and is walking about 14,000 steps a day. She has also given up macaroni and cheese, which she says she indulged in while she was pregnant.However, the one thing she is not depriving herself of is M and Ms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16274601", "title": "Mentally ill man stabs relative to death, injures another", "text": "CHENNAI: A 27-year-old man stabbed two relatives sleeping beside him at Gummidipoondi, about 50km from Chennai, early on Wednesday. One of them, Manoj Kumar (38), died in hospital, while Saroj Kumar (18) is battling for life.Police said Manoj and Saroj of Odisha, employees of a private concern, brought their relative Rohith (30) for treatment a couple of days ago. On Tuesday, they left him in their room and went to work. They returned in the evening and three had dinner.Later, when they were asleep, Rohit woke up and hit Manoj Kumar's head with an empty bottle and stabbed him in the head and stomach. Saroj, who woke up hearing the victim's cries, was also stabbed. Their co-workers rushed in and alerted police. The victims were rushed to a private hospital in Anna Nagar where Manoj Kumar died. Saroj Kumar is battling for life.The Gummidipoondi police took Rohith for a medical check-up which revealed that he was mentally ill. He has been sent to the Institute of Mental Health in Kilpauk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272561", "title": "Six more test positive for swine flu", "text": "PUNE: Six more people tested positive for H1N1 influenza on Wednesday. Among them, the condition of an 18-year-old boy from Bhugaon village is critical. He has been put on ventilator support.\"The youth has been admitted to Krishna Hospital and he has been put on ventilator support,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). \"The condition of five others is stable,\" he added.The other patients are a 45-year-old man from Narayangaon, a 58-year-old man from Balajinagar, a 43-year-old woman from Padmavati, a 30-year-old woman from Lohagaon and a 28-year-old woman from Parvati.The condition of a 29-year-old man who has been critically ill with swine flu for last few days remains the same, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16273049", "title": "I'm being singled out, says Darda", "text": "NAGPUR: Terming the CBI raid against him as politically motivated, Congress Rajya Sabha MP Vijay Darda said that he was being victimized and there are \"several players from Vidarbha itself who have benefited from the coal allotment\". \"Why aren't they being pulled up,\" he asked.Darda was hinting at DB Power which, like JLD Yavatmal Energy, got a block at East Fatehpur in Chhattisgarh. JLD is now in the hands of Jayaswal Neco group comprising father Basant Lal Shaw and his two sons, Arvind and Ramesh. This company too was raided and an FIR filed on Tuesday.While Darda chose to speak out, Manoj Jayaswal of Abhijeet Group, the other person named in the CBI FIR, remained silent despite several attempts to contact him throughout Wednesday. TOI learns that he is back in Nagpur. The Jayaswal Neco group was closeted in a meeting and too was not available.Darda claimed that the CBI raid was fallout of the intense BJP pressure on the Congress party in the coalgate scam. \"I'm being singled out. Some of them have also profited heavily by selling off the blocks,\" he added.The MP admitted that he was involved in the inception of JLD Yavatmal Energy and AMR Iron and Steel, which have been named in the FIR. \"But I quit in 2009 as the purpose for which I had planned to start the business could not be met,\" he said.As reported by TOI on Wednesday, AMR is an acronym for the Jayaswal brothers Arvind, Manoj and Ramesh. The Jayaswals have enjoyed a close relationship with Darda for several years now.According to Darda, it was his son Devendra, also named in the FIR along with brother Rajendra (state minister), who came up with the idea of starting a power plant in Yavatmal. \"We wanted to provide free power to farmers in the district and at a concessional rate to industries. The plans were announced at a press conference which was attended by the late Vilasrao Deshmukh who was the CM then,\" he said.Admitting that he had lobbied and even written to the central government for getting the Lohara West Block in Chandrapur, Darda said, \"Being allotted a coal block in Chhattisgarh did not serve my purpose as I would have had to transport the coal 600 kms to Yavatmal. So I quit the company in 2009.\"The Lohara West block finally went to Adani Power and it is now riled in a controversy. Darda hinted that even this allotment should be probed.The MP now pleaded ignorance about the affairs of both JLD and AMR claiming he didn't have \"much knowledge\" about the misrepresentation of facts at the time of allotment of the coal blocks. AMR Iron and Steel, he said, was planned as an offshoot of the power plant as the industry requires huge amount of electricity.Although none of the present directors in JLD Yavatmal and AMR could be contacted, a source in Jayaswal Neco said that both are operational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273474", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Mandal unearths 'land grab' by politicians, BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: An ingenious land grab under the guise of \"preventing encroachment\", involving the BMC and local politicians, has come to light courtesy the Ganesh festival.The civic body has used public funds to fill up an old pond, build a garden and musical fountain on the site, though the plot belongs to the collectorate, not the BMC. It came to light in the course of a two-year battle between the BMC and a Ganpati mandal.Around five years ago, the mandal near Khajuria Talao found that the pond, where they held their annual Ganeshotsav, had been filled in by Congress corporator Baldev Singh Manku to build a garden. But in 2010, the area was fenced off by BJP MLA Yogesh Sagar who constructed a musical water fountain on the spot. Since then, residents complain, the local ward office makes them run around for essential ancillary permissions for the festival.Residents said the MLA, in collusion with the BMC, has \"encroached\" on the plot and claim to have land title documents holdings proving the land was owned by the collector. \"When we were denied permission in 2010, we filed a lawsuit against the civic body and only then did we discover that Khajuria Talao belongs to the collector, not the BMC after all. The civic authorities have effectively encroached on state property. We approached the collector and have managed to secure permission to celebrate the Ganpati festival by paying a fee of Rs 4,800. However, the civic body is yet to grant us the ancillary sanctions,\" says local resident Mayur Vakil. \"How can the authorities allow a natural water body to be filled in? It is nothing short of sacrilege and should invite penal action,\" says another resident.However, Manku denies having dumped debris into the talao. \"It was already filled in and I merely constructed a garden on the plot to beautify it,\" he claims. But Sagar admits to having constructed a musical fountain on the site, bypassing the collector's permission. \"Where were the residents while Manku was filling the pond with mud? For my part, I approached the collector thrice seeking to take over the plot lest it be encroached. When I did not receive a response I went ahead with the construction using civic funds,\" he says. Incidentally, residents didn't initially complain when the pond was being filled, but protested when they were prevented from celebrating the festival at the spot.Sagar says he is willing to allot a small portion of the garden to the mandal if it observes the festival \"without damaging public property\" including the installations on the site. He says he has saved the plot from being encroached by slum redevelopment sharks. \"Would it be better if a tall SRA building came up there? In any case, whenever the BMC and state government appropriate one another's plots, the project does get post-facto permission,\" he says.Borivli tehsildar Archana Kadam declined comment while R South ward officer Sanjog Kabre was not available despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16273920", "title": "Power-starved Gaya residents protest", "text": "GAYA: In a unique mode of protest, power users of Gaya town on Tuesday night staged 'dhibri' (earthen lamp) and candle demonstration outside the office of general manager, Magadh Area Board of the Bihar State Electricity Board ( BSEB) to shame the power body. The demonstration was organized by Vidhyut Upbhokta Sangharsh Samiti, the citizen's group fighting for the rights of power consumers.Giving the background of the 'dhibri' protest, convener of the power users organization Braj Nandan Pathak said that though power supply has never been satisfactory in the town in living memory, the situation has worsened in recent weeks, as, on an average, Gayaites have been getting power only for about four hours in an equal number of phases. Only between 30 to 60 minutes power was available to the consumers in one stretch as power plays truant after about every one hour supply. Quality of power, too, has gone down as wild voltage fluctuations and frequent trippings make power virtually redundant even when current runs through the supply lines.Pathak said that lack of maintenance and leisurely fault repair has added to the woes of power users as frequent local faults and delayed repairs were avoidable irritants in the power supply position. Due to widening of several roads and non-shifting of electric poles, the poles have come in the motorable area of the roads and as such quite often heavily loaded trucks dash against the electric poles resulting in long hours of power cut.Orders have been issued for the shifting of poles but nothing has been done during the last three years as power board and road construction department have been playing the time tested blame game at the cost of power users.Ironically, revenue has registered a sharp increase in the last couple of years and power supply has worsened against the rising revenue graph. Interestingly, when the power users were demonstrating with earthen lamps and candles, the Magadh Area Board general manager was reviewing the power situation with the help of inverters in his office. Reacting to the acutely embarrassing protest mode, Om Prakash , general manager, Magadh Area Board, said that 'peaceful demonstration' was the right of the people. The GM claimed that power supply had improved in the last couple of days and the situation would improve further. Right now, the board is busy with Pitripaksha preparations, said the GM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16272985", "title": "R R targets CM, slams MMRDA's 'shoddy work'", "text": "MUMBAI: The NCP hit back at the Congress at the cabinet meeting on Tuesday for targeting its ministers over alleged irrigation and PWD irregularities.Home minister R R Patil sought a white paper on the functioning of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), controlled by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Patil's demand is seen as NCP's attempt to corner Congress, say political observers.A few months ago, the CM had demanded a white paper on irrigation, which has sparked off a bitter war between the coalition partners. The irrigation department has always been a key portfolio of the NCP in the coalition government.According to a senior Congress minister, Patil slammed the MMRDA for its shoddy work. \"Patil mentioned that barely a few days after the CM inaugurated a bridge in the city, potholes surfaced on it. He claimed that there is no quality control in MMRDA's work and none of its projects meet deadlines,\" the minister said.\"Patil further said that projects amounting to several hundreds of crores are being executed by the MMRDA, but there is no monitoring of the funds. He demanded that the agency brings out a white paper on the work it has done and the money it has 'splurged',\" the Congress minister added.Reportedly, Patil also threatened to raise the \"MMRDA's style of functioning\" issue in public. A debate on Mumbai was initiated by rural development minister Jayant Patil, who raised the issue of how Mumbai gets flooded despite the state spending crores on Brimstoward project.Of the total MMRDA projects being executed, over five people have been killed till date in separate incidents.Several Congress and NCP leaders, who were present at the meeting, were surprised by R R Patil's style of attack, said a senior NCP minister. \"I have never seen him so aggressive at cabinet meetings,\" the minister added.\"No Congress ministers rose in support of the CM even though the attack was directed at him as he is the agency chairman. No one even tried to counter Patil.Chavan too did not say a word. The debate stopped only when deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar intervened,\" the NCP minister said.All is not well in the ruling DF government. The Sharad Pawar led NCP on Tuesday has hit back at the Congress for targeting its ministers over irrigation and PWD 'scams'. The NCP minister in the state cabinet meeting has demanded white paper on the functioning of the MMRDA, which is controlled by the chief minister. The demand is seen as NCP's attempt to corner Congress, say political observers. A few months back chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's demand to bring out white paper on irrigation had sparked off a bitter political war between coalition partners. The irrigation department has always been a key portfolio of the NCP in the coalition government.According to a senior Congress minister, home minister R R Patil in the meeting slammed the MMRDA for its shoddy work (chief minister is the chairman of the MMRDA). \"Patil mentioned that chief minister (Prithviraj Chavan) recently inaugurated a bridge in Mumbai. Barely few days after the inauguration, potholes surfaced on the bridge. There is no quality control over the work executed by the MMRDA. None of the MMRDA projects are completed on the time,\" the Congress minister said. \"Patil further taking a dig at the MMRDA in the cabinet meeting stated that projects amounting to several hundred crores are being executed by the agency (MMRDA). But there is no monitoring of the funds allocated on these projects. The agency should bring out white paper on the work done by it and the money \"splurged\" on these projects,\" the Congress minister added. In fact, Patil in the cabinet meeting even threatened that in future he will raise \"MMRDA style of functioning\" issue in public too, it is reliably learntThe debate on Mumbai was initiated by rural development minister Jayant Patil, who raised the issue of how despite spending crores of rupees in the Brimstoward project, the Mumbai city still gets flooded.Of the total MMRDA projects being executed, over five people have been killed till date in separate incidents.A senior NCP minister stated that many of the Congress-NCP leaders present in the meeting were surprised by R R Patil's style of attack. \"I have never seen him becoming so aggressive during a cabinet meeting,\" a senior NCP minister said. \"While the attack was directed at the CM since he heads the MMRDA, no Congress ministers rose in support of Chavan or tried to counter Patil. Even Chavan himself did not utter a word on the entire issue. It was only when deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar intervened, the issue was stopped in the meeting,\" the NCP minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278610", "title": "I have seen lot of Ramsay films: Esha Gupta", "text": "Esha Gupta, who is excited about her upcoming film Raaz 3 claims that to be a part of horror film is not easy.\"I think horror is a difficult genre. You have to convince the audience and make sure 20 out of those 100 jumps out of the seats. You want them to hold breathe when they see the horror film,\" said Esha.\"I was excited to do a horror film, though it was not easy. I have seen lot of Ramsay films and as a kid I was really scared to see those movies. However, the horror has become more raw and bloody,\" concluded the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277760", "title": "It looks as if I've had 6,000 boyfriends: Emma Watson", "text": "Emma Watson fears that people think she has had \"6,000 boyfriends,\" as she is linked to every man she is photographed with.The 22-year-old actress has said that she gets upset with the link ups, and insists that she is no serial romancer.\"It's difficult on my dating life, because anyone I get photographed with is automatically my boyfriend,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling US Glamour magazine.\"So it just makes it look as if I've had, like, 6,000 boyfriends,\" she said.She went to great pains not to be spotted with her boyfriend Will Adamowicz at the Coachella music festival earlier this year, but still hit the headlines when they were spotted kissing.\"My friend got me tickets for my birthday, and what am I going to say? 'No, I'm not going to go because I don't want to be photographed?'\" she said.\"But it was a huge crowd, and I thought there was no way anyone could get pictures of me, but somehow they found me,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275216", "title": "South is the centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Pegged as the poll swinger in Panjab University student politics, the strength of University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) and two other departments of south campus at PU have assumed special significance in student politics in the last few years. The other two departments are Dr HSJ Institute of Dental Sciences and Hospital and University Institute of Applied Management Studies.With over 4,000 students currently studying in PU's south campus, this campus in Sector 25 that remained deserted till 2002, has now become a political hot spot and is one place that most student leaders are making a beeline for.Campaigning too is the most aggressive in this engineering college that has a strength of 2,574 students.\"The over 50% of the votes that are invariable cast by UIET students, these act asthe game changers. It is one department that has been very proactive in student polls because of its large strength and various backgrounds of students,\" said Yajur Brar, a UIET student and a PUSU supporter.Sumit Gokhlaney, a student leader said, \"The strategy to win hearts at UIET has to be meticulously planned each time. There are students from diverse backgrounds and it is important to ask for votes in their way, while understanding their needs.\"Faculty members and department authorities have been facing a tough time maintaining peace at UIET. Students here seek admission directly after Class XII, unlike other courses on the campus that largely have post-graduate students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273818", "title": "IM suspect gave fake documents for DL: RTO", "text": "LUCKNOW: Investigations into the driving licence issued from the Regional Transport Office (RTO) in Hathras in Uttar Pradesh in the name of Faseeh Mohammed - the Indian Mujahideen (IM), terror accused intercepted by the Saudi Arabia police and handed over to the Indian security agencies who brought him to Delhi about a fortnight ago, have revealed that the documents related to the address and identification proof of Faseeh Mohammed were forged, and so was the actual address as mentioned in the documents. The transport department has ordered a re-verification of the specifics of a driving licence issued by the RTO Hathras following some specific input from an undisclosed source that it was issued to an associate of Faseeh Mohammed - the arrested IM ultra. Investigations have revealed that the DL identified the holder as Faseeh Mohmood of Lala Ka Nagla locality under Hathras Kotwali police station. However, ground verification by the RTO has failed to find any person of this name being a bonafide resident or native of the place.The verification of the LIC policy and ration card, attached with the application submitted for the DL was also found fake. While the LIC policy that was said to have been issued in the name of Faseeh Mohammed was actually issued to a resident of Sikandrabad, the district administration records reveal that the serial number against which the ration card was issued supposedly in the name of Faseeh, was listed against another local resident.Assistant RTO Ajay Kumar Gupta, who reportedly conducted the inquiry, had discovered that both the documents were forged and apparently used by fudging the particulars of the genuine and original documents. On the basis of the inquiry, the RTO Hathras Vikram Singh said that a head clerk Raj Kumar has been put under suspension and departmental proceedings have been recommended against two others. All the three were responsible for verification of documents submitted with the application and had recommended issue of the DL.The discovery of the DL issued in the name of Faseeh Mohammed has also put a question mark on the very purpose behind getting a DL from the RTO particularly when Faseeh was stationed in Saudi Arabia and had been arrested there itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273523", "title": "Remembering a genius: Ashish Lakhia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: His artistic sensibilities and his personality have never been too apart; his work and family's memories of him prove just that. Late Ashish Lakhia, often known as the art prodigy, comes alive through the posthumous exhibition of his works at Amdavad ni Gufa.Ashish, who passed away in March this year due to organ failure may have gained recognition as an art director working in films like Mirch Masala and Maya Memsaab, but, as his brother Aditya says, like a true genius, his worth was realized after his death.A collection that ranges from 1975 right until the last few months before his death, the sketches and paintings describe a man completely dedicated to his art, with a kind of passion not many possess.His father, Snehal Lakhia, remembers Ashish as an 8-year-old kid, whose imagination had art critics sit up and take notice while his teachers wondered where his ideas and vision came from. \"When Ashish was 10, his art teacher placed a cup and saucer and asked the kids to draw what they saw. Ashish filled the sheet simply with five horizontal and vertical lines and showed it to the teacher. One look at the sketch and Ashish landed up in the principal's office. The teacher couldn't understand his refusal to draw what the rest of the kids were drawing, but when the principal asked Ashish to explain his drawing, he said that he drew what he saw from his vision, angle and incline. Even then, his imagination was way beyond his years and he saw things in a way that no one else could see,\" Snehal says.His initial sketches line the left wall of the gallery and depict various forms of human figures, expressions and portrayals. The labyrinth of fine lines which feature in almost all his works, take the shape of manmade and natural elements as they weave their way across the canvas. The gap in the placement of pieces signify the decade-long break in Ashish's life as an artist where he focused on helping his mother Meera with art direction and involved himself in documentary filmmaking. From 2008, he returned to his art like never before and produced an amazing series of psychedelic paintings that revealed his never-ending thirst for knowledge and his fascination towards fantasy and science-fiction.\"He was incredible as an artist and lived up to his school nickname of encyclopedia through his paintings,\" says Aditya, who featured in the Bollywood film 'Lagaan'.Ashish's mother Meera still can't seem to get over his passion for everything he set his mind to. \"Right from making his morning cup of coffee to perfecting those lines on the canvas, Ashish gave his 100%. I've never known anyone more dedicated to being happy and enjoying life to the fullest,\" says Meera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272547", "title": "Speed governors installed in 488 buses", "text": "PUNE: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) on Wednesday said that of the 2,100 registered school transport buses in the city, about 488 have installed speed governors till August 31. Of these 263 were new buses and 225 were old ones.Though a large number of school buses in the city are without speed regulators, the RTO has not planned any action against the erring bus owners as of now. When asked if action was planned, an RTO official said, \"We have asked school bus transporters to install speed governors. However, we are not planning any immediate action against those who have not installed them.\"The Regional Transport Authority (RTO) of Pune will initiate steps for effective implementation of the school bus policy that came into effect on September 1. The RTO has called a meeting on Thursday to discuss how the school bus policy can be effectively implemented in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad.A senior RTO official said, \"The school bus policy itself is an extensive document as the government has introduced some new set of rules. We will go step by step while implementing the policy. In Thursday's meeting, we plan to discuss all major issues like newly introduced rules and norms for school buses. Besides, we are also expecting directions from the state government in the next few days regarding implementation of the policy.\"The official further said that there was a plan to call a meeting of school bus operators and the transport committees in schools to clarify and discuss issues regarding the policy. \"The safety of children is of top priority. We will ask school bus operators to follow the stated rules,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16271867", "title": "Members squabble at Bangalore University meet", "text": "BANGALORE: Members of Bangalore University's special syndicate on Wednesday squabbled over the number of such meetings held so far. Although the official agenda booklet said it was the 109th syndicate meeting, members called it a clear violation of the act and statutory, saying it was the 100th meeting.\"This is the 109th meeting and if you feel it's a violation, you are free to contact the higher-ups. There are authorities like the pro-chancellor and chancellor to listen to you and act on it,\" said N Prabhu Dev, BU vice-chancellor.Arguments apart, it was decided at the meeting that affiliation to government colleges which have UG courses will be continued for this academic year. \"In case of BEd colleges, the report submitted by the task force will be taken into consideration. Since the report is not ready and there is still some time left for the admission process, I have asked the task force to submit the report within 20 days from now,\" said Prabhu Dev. Losing his cool when syndicate member Krishna DS sought ratification of the task force, he said: \"I am not your servant. I cannot do everything you ask me to.\"This VC's decision didn't go down well with most members as they demanded ratification of the task force. \"The VC has no right to constitute the task force. Being the highest body of the varsity, this right lies with the syndicate. If the task force report was to be taken into consideration in the case of BEd colleges, why were we asked to go and inquire?\" asked KV Acharya, syndicate member.Zaheda Mulla, another member, demanded that either the task force be placed before the syndicate for ratification or the LIC report should be taken into consideration for BEd colleges as well.Referring to irregularities in the case of sports fee being collected by colleges and submitted to the varsity, BC Mylarappa, BU registrar, said an internal audit will be done to find the exact status of the irregularities. \"At present, we are receiving Rs 48 lakh as sports fund from BU-affiliated colleges in three years, which should be around Rs 2 crore. We will look into the matter,\" said Mylarappa.Syndicate members unanimously agreed on increasing special allowance of BU hostels. The allowance, which was Rs 500 will now be Rs 1,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16271466", "title": "Bodo Sahitya Sabha seeks vigilance panel before rehabilitation", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Bodo Sahitya Sabha has asked the state government and the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) administration to constitute a vigilance committee, comprising government officials and members of civil society, before rehabilitating relief camp inmates.The Sabha warned that permanent peace will not be possible in the BTC area unless the illegal migrants are detected and pushed back.Sabha president Kameswar Brahma said they demand the formation of a vigilance committee, comprising representatives of the state government, BTC administration and members of the civil societies, for monitoring the ongoing process of rehabilitation and a screening committee under the revenue circle.He demanded proper verification of land documents to identify genuine Indian citizens on the basis of the Assam Accord, 1985 and verification of the land record under the provision of chapter X of Assam Land and Revenue Regulation Act, 1886. The sabha president said unauthorized occupation in Khas-land, grazing reserved land, forest land, road side, reverine area should be thoroughly verified and no rehabilitation should be made in such areas in the BTC. \"No ration card should be considered for determination of citizenship,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16273986", "title": "Lawless cops on the prowl; Custody deaths on the rise", "text": "COIMBATORE: Commotion prevailed at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital ( CMCH) on Wednesday evening when relatives of 31-year-old R Mohanraj, who died allegedly due to custodial torture in the hands of Tirupur rural police on Monday night, refused to accept the body due to some discolouring. Doctors at the hospital did their best to explain to family members that it was not out of the ordinary for skin colour to change after the body has been kept at the mortuary for more than 24 hours. Eventually, they received his body at 4 p.m. and it was taken to his residence at Selvalakshmi Nagar in Tirupur.Given that this is the second custodial death in the region in the last five months, there was mounting tension among residents. Mohanraj is the 27th person to lose his life in police custody since May 2011, says People's Watch, an NGO that focuses exclusively on custodial deaths and human rights violations.\"I have strictly instructed all police officers against keeping anyone under lockup. I have also instructed all SPs to conduct surprise checks at police stations to curb illegal detention,\" said TP Sundaramoorthy, IG of West Zone. \"Illegal detention is an offence and police personnel who indulge in it should be punished,\" said R Sivakumar, district organizer of Citizens for Human Rights Movement.Mohanraj was kept under illegal police custody for two whole days. He was beaten to death by assistant superintendent of police Sibi Chakaravarthi, Tirupur North police inspector Kumar and sub-inspectors and constables at the station. They should be booked under section 302 (Murder) of IPC and proper action must be taken against them,'' Sivakumar added.\"Police have been conducting kangaroo courts after each custodial death, approaching family members to settle the issue amicably. On April 29 this year, Subramanian, a native of Uthiyur was taken to Tirupur south police station, where he died in the police custody. To prevent an uproar, police offered the victim's family Rs 2 crore. Cops involved in this custodial death should also be punished,\" said Sivakumar.\"A committee led by a high court judge should be set up to conduct a detailed probe into the 27 custodial deaths,\" said Sivakumar.Coimbatore-based senior advocate B Mohan also condemned the illegal detention of public by police based on mere suspicion. \"If police want to conduct an inquiry with a person, they should do it the right way, sending a summons under section 160 of CrPC,\" said B Mohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273725", "title": "Fee hikes scare aspiring doctors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The higher education fee in municipal medical colleges has marginalized a large section of economically backward families who aspired their children to become medical doctors. It never happened in the history of NHL medical municipal college that a student from a common household, jumped to death, just because he feared a fee hike which his family could not afford.The first year PG student, Naresh Jadav, succumbed to his injuries on Wednesday. The post mortem report plainly mentions that he died of multiple organ failure and spine injuries.\"Nobody, not even the police report talks of his suicide attempt,\" claims spokesperson of Gujarat Congress Manish Doshi. Senior city medicos claim that till a few years ago, the medical fee at NHL was Rs 12,000 per annum, for a plain MBBS degree; while it was Rs 15,000 for an MS or MD degree course.\"A parent like Jadav's father who earned Rs 10,000 a month could have afforded the yearly fees of Rs 15,000, even after taking an education loan. The fact is that education was being treated as a commodity. There are many students from the general class who today cannot afford the higher education tuition fees,\" says a city medical practitioner.But a senior AMC official told TOI, \"When the fee was highly subsidized, it was the children of the rich that were taught in NHL. Had they been concerned, they would have asked their children to leave the seat for the less fortunate ones.\"But Doshi retorts back, \"How can these officers and policy makers, who today eulogize the merits of privatization of seats, deny the fact that they too are products of government colleges and schools and have studied paying subsidized fees. A municipal college should be concentrating on ways to make higher education accessible and affordable. With higher fees, banks deny loans to families whose earning members cannot match their customer profiles,\" says Doshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16273917", "title": "Goodies for boys to stay in school by 2013", "text": "PANAJI: On the lines of the incentives being provided to girls to complete their schooling in Goa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said a scheme will be formulated by the next academic year to encourage boys to continue their schooling, at the official teacher's day function held at Kala Academy on Wednesday.An award-winning teacher, in her speech, asked the chief minister why only female students were being provided with benefits to pursue education and said that boys too were as likely to drop out of school in Goa. Responding to her query, Parrikar in his speech said, \"For the next academic year, I will formulate a scheme that will provide incentives to boys too for their retention in schools.\"The chief minister agreed with the teacher that no form of discrimination should take place in doling out incentives among school children and said that it is a fact that more females in Goa enrolled for higher education than males.\"I took a look at the Goa University statistics and found that 60% students pursuing postgraduate studies were girls. Even in the case of doctorates, those securing PhDs, especially in Konkani, over the last ten years, were mainly females,\" Parrikar said.He maintained that incentives to the girl child were essential as female foeticide is still practiced in Goa, especially by those from the education class. \"We have only 925 girls to every 1000 boys. It's a serious issue and we should stop and give it a thought,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister, who is also the education minister, said that all salary related issues of teachers will be resolved by the next teacher's day. He also said that protesting government primary school teachers will be paid the pending salary arrears soon.\"Teachers often come with queries of delay in salary or arrears or gratuity and other related matters. I think most of their time is spent worrying about these issues and the concentration on teaching suffers. I will see by September 5 next year that all such problems are resolved and teachers do not have to go seeking their benefits,\" Parrikar said at the programme organized by the directorate of education (DoE).Director of education D P Dwivedi said that it is time teacher's tried to not just impart what is in the textbooks but also inculcate moral values and teachings. \"It is important and we will work in this direction soon,\" Dwivedi said.Teachers from across Goa were awarded state Best Teacher honour, which carried a cash prize of 25,000. Those awarded the honour were government primary school teachers from Sanquelim and Margao Ratnaprabha Ganapatye and Maria Bernadette Vaz; Morjim and Curchorem aided school assistant teachers Vishnu Shetgaonkar and Shripad Samant; headmaster Lourenco Carvalho and headmistress Teresa Almeida; grade one teacher Varsha Naik from higher secondary school of Navelim and Darbandora higher secondary school principal Atmaram Kudchadkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16274439", "title": "Felicitation, events mark Teachers Day celebrations", "text": "KANPUR: Teachers Day was celebrated with much gaiety in city, on Wednesday. Many functions were organized citywide in schools and colleges. Glowing tributes were paid to the former president of India S Radhakrishnan on his birth anniversary, which is celebrated as Teacher's day in India.On this occasion, the teachers across the city were felicitated by the school managements and education authorities. The teachers also actively took part in the celebrations.Though in several schools, the Teachers Day was celebrated in form of formal get-togethers, many schools specially celebrated this day with their senior students who managed to make the day memorable for their teachers.In the strings of events, Basic Shiksha authorities felicitated the retired teachers. The BSA, Rajkumar Yadav honoured 20 teachers who were working in various Parishadiya and Prathmik Vidyalays. Even the authorities of district administration felicitated best teachers in 'Sikshak Samman Samaroh'. Mayor, Jagatveer Singh Drona also felicitated the teachers at Bal Bhawan.In a function held at Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Medical College (GSVM), the principal Navneet Kumar while addressing the students said that teachers built characters and future of their pupil. He exhorted the students to become good human beings by following the path shown by their teachers.The students of GSVM also organised several programmes to make this day memorable for their teachers.Whereas, to mark the occasion students of various engineering colleges organised a felicitation programme. Students of CSJMU also took an active participation in the celebrations of Teachers Day. The students on the occasion felicitated their teachers and honoured them for their great work.Meanwhile, several collective and individual functions were also organised in various city schools and educational institutions.Meanwhile, the teachers appealed their students and public to prepare the future generation to face the challenges of the 21st century by imbibing moral, human qualities.Also some of the schools have organised fancy dress, dancing, singing competitions to entertain their teachers.Some teachers stay out of celebration: Teachers of several degree colleges and self-financed teachers of junior education department did not took part in Teacher's Day celebrations.The degree college teachers, to protest against the delay of disbursement of their arrears and other demands, tied black ribbon on the occasion of Teacher's Day. These teachers observed this day as black day.The teachers of 'Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Vitt Viheen Shikshak Sangh' also remained out of Teacher's Day celebrations and protested in wake of their demands. These teachers have organised a Dharna and a cycle rally to mark their protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278087", "title": "Best practices in media studies", "text": "Q- What changes have you introduced in the department?Since this is a public university, change is not easy to bring about. Every change has to go through several stages of approval. At the same time, we are encouraged to stay contemporary and are well-equipped with the latest in infrastructure and technology.We are launching a new course, a post graduate diploma in health communication, which addresses the need for skilled professionals to work in the health sector, both with NGOs and media organisations, helping create health messages, ease communication between specialists and lay persons, report on health issues, and advocate on policy and service delivery. We are also attuned to new media journalism.Q- Do you notice a perceptible difference in the mindset of students?Even now, majority of the students who take up media studies have rather vague expectations. While most of the students keep an eye on industry trends, only a few have clarity on their goal. Fortunately, today there is greater acceptance among parents if their kids opt for a media career. Aquiring good language skills at the undergraduate level, along with a fair understanding of current affairs, writing, and technology, will help students fare better.Q- What are your thoughts on the industry-academia disconnect?Often students tell us that the real world differs from what they learn in college. For instance, in the real world, they are rushing against deadlines and what not, which may compromise quality. However, at some point in the student's career, he or she will become a decision maker and that will be the time to implement the learning, such as, objectivity or unbiased reportage. We still prepare students for the ideal in journalism. For instance, last August, we set up a Community Radio station (Bol Hyderabad) to explore genres that have disappeared due to commercial pressure. The students were greatly excited to produce the radio programmes. They learned to work independently and within the broad guidelines.Q- With the onslaught of new media, does the future look bleak for print?In India, print media seems to be going strong, and it is likely to continue to do so for a while, as long as the rate of literacy keeps rising and the penetration of new media remains low and not universally accessible. In any case, even if print publications phase out, their online versions will use the same inputsgood writing, good reporting, and good information. So the ability to produce good text, whether for online or print publications, will still be valued. That is ultimately what journalism/communication training is about.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16274375", "title": "Feline danger: Parasite tied to cats a health risk for humans", "text": "LONDON: Pet cats pose a serious risk of illness and even death to humans, experts have revealed.A thousand people a day are infected with a parasite called toxoplasma that is carried by the feline, as a result up to 70,000 people become ill every year.The parasite can cause birth defects, blindness and dementia and has been linked with diseases like schizophrenia and other psychotic disturbances.It is carried mainly by cats, as they are the only animals it can reproduce inside, the Daily Express reported.According to a research by the Food Standards Agency , it can be transferred on to the humans if they eat contaminated food.In particular the study shows that some sheep have been exposed to parasite after coming in contact with cat faeces, meaning that humans could be infected by eating an under-cooked lamb.Humans are also at risk from food or water that has been contaminated with cat faeces or from contact with cat litter. The parasite also poses a serious risk to babies in the womb. It is said that one in a hundred of Britain's eight million cats could carry the bug.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16273933", "title": "Sesa, Fomento fight over mine", "text": "KERI: A dispute between two of Goa's major companies, Vedanta-Sesa Goa mines and Fomento Resources, over a 66.56 hectares mining site has led Bicholim deputy collector Narayan Gad to direct the two companies to maintain status quo at Gurmolem mining site in Cudnem, Bicholim taluka.The order was passed following a report submitted by Bicholim PI Ninad Deulkar on August 28, apprehending breach of peace due to a dispute between the companies over possession of land. Police said deployment of private security guards by both companies could have resulted in causing a law and order situation in the area.The companies have a dispute over property in survey no. 88/0, 91/0 and 93/0 of Cudnem where an iron ore mining lease known as 'Gurmolem' bearing TC No. 41/58 is situated.During the hearing of the case, Vedanta pointed out that on August 16, Fomento Resources personnel trespassed in survey no.88, where they (Sesa Goa) are running a beneficiation plant from 1995 onwards having paid lease rent for a period up to 2013 to one Rohit Paiginkar.Fomento Resources defended its action stating that Radha Karlo, who is legal heir of Raghuvir Paiginkar, holder of the iron ore mining lease, had restrained Vedanta-Sesa mines from operating the beneficiation plant in survey no.88.Karlo said, \"Vedanta-Sesa mines set up a beneficiation plant in 1996 without obtaining consent of the surface owner.\"While directing the companies to maintain a status quo, Gad, asked the companies to make their possession claims in writing and submit evidence in support of these.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16273569", "title": "Diamonds worth Rs 23 lakh stolen from angadiya employee", "text": "RAJKOT: A bag of diamonds was allegedly stolen by a woman near Dhasa area of Bhavnagar district from an employee of an angadiya firm. The stolen diamonds are estimated to be worth Rs 23 lakh approximately. Sources said a resident of Daloli village in Mehsana district and an employee of an angadiya firm Ramesh Patel was going to Dhasa from Surat in a private luxury bus.On Wednesday morning when the bus halted at a roadside eating joint, Patel got down to ease himself leaving his bag of diamonds behind. He found the bag missing on his return. Witnesses told the police that a woman, who was also travelling in the bus, picked up the bag and went with a motorcyclist, who was in his 30s. There were 108 diamond parcels in the bag. These also included some parcels containing rough diamonds. The exact worth of the diamonds has not been mentioned in the police case that has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mhow/ barwaha", "code": "16275147", "title": "Narmada flows over danger mark in Barwaha regions", "text": "MHOW/ BARWAHA: Narmada River is flowing much above the danger mark at Mortakka bridge near Barwaha on Indore- Ichchapur highway following heavy rainfall in the upstream areas of Narmada and filling of Indira Sagar and Omkareshwar dams.The district administration has closed the bridge for traffic after the rise in water level in the river that is flowing a meter below the bridge.As a result of suspension of road traffic long queues of vehicles are stranded on both sides of the Mortakka bridge.Barwaha sub-divisional magistrate Shalini Shorte told TOI that the Narmada started flowing at 155 m at 1.30 pm on Wednesday, which was much above the danger mark. Due to this, the administration took the decision to stop the traffic on the Mortakka bridge to avoid any untoward incident.She said that she was informed by the district administration and the NVDA officials that 28000 cusecs water has been released from both ISP and Omkareshwar dams and looking at it, it is expected that the water will start flowing over the bridge by the night.On the flood like situation in the nearby areas, she said that all the necessary actions were taken. We were prepared on August 7 when the situation was even worse. Also, compensation to the affected people had been given as per the revenue book circular (RBC) rule 6 (4) just after last month's flooding.A resident Lakhan Parihar of Barwaha told TOI that the residents panicked after the traffic on the bridge was suspended. He said that the people living in low lying areas have started accumulating food items to meet any emergency.Earlier, on August 7 last month the district administration was on high alert when Narmada started flowing over the bridge and water entered in about 100 villages in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275259", "title": "Panjab University wears khaki hues", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The violent history of Panjab University students' council elections has kept the Chandigarh police on their toes this year.Unprecedented security arrangements have been made to ensure smooth polls, said director general of police P K Srivastava, in a quick chat with TOI, explaining his plans to deal with problem of outsiders and free-flow of money.Srivastava, who has served as deputy commissioner of police-north Delhi, where Delhi University is situated, for over four years, said the situation is quite different at both the varsities.How you compare students polls at DU with PU? I witnessed similar activities at DU and other institutes in Delhi, but the situation is different in PU, because of the major presence of outsiders. Outsiders come here and disturb the campus peace by indulging in violence, particularly during elections. They hide sharp edged weapons in big cars to smuggle them inside campus.What special security arrangements have been made? Police is checking the ID-cards of all students and outsiders' vehicle are not allowed in the campus. We are also checking the records of past offenders, getting their bails cancelled and nabbing them. At PU hostels, we are conducting surprise checks to make sure no outsider is staying there. We want to ensure a free environment for university students to choose the right candidate without any fear or greed. The candidates or their party members should not influence them.What is the objective behind this stringent security cover? We want to bring in sanity and probity in the PU elections. We do not want to frighten anyone, but just ensure that there is no role of money and muscle power in the elections. It is high time for us to take students' election seriously, as it has long-lasting ramifications. If the future leaders and citizens get corrupt at this stage, the nation would automatically take a declining path.So are you trying to add moral values among students? As police, we do not have much say in national politics, but we, certainly, can play a fruitful role at student level. We do not want to force these values on students, but are trying to instill these values among them by brainwashing and talking to them.Money plays huge role in PU polls. What is your take on it? I am aware of this fact. Financial observers have been appointed to keep an eye on students' expenditure on poll-related activities. The candidature of candidates would be cancelled if their expenditure goes beyond an acceptable limit. We want to ensure no mal-activities, such as wooing students by taking them on trips and parties, take place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16273693", "title": "'Loyal' party MP couldn't help BSP prosper in Punjab", "text": "JALANDHAR: Avatar Singh Karimpuri may have made it to the Rajya Sabha from Uttar Pradesh, but his roots are firmly in Punjab. He's been with the Bahujan Samaj Party for long, his association dating back to the times of Kanshi Ram. So, if he felt rather strongly in favour of reservation in promotions, it could well have been for some ideological reasons.But what prompted him to manhandle Naresh Agarwal in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday over the issue of promotion quota is unclear. Perhaps, it was a sense of betrayal, for Agarwal, too, was on the side of the BSP till as recently as December last year. After that Agarwal switched sides to the SP.Loyal though Avatar might be, but he has managed to do very little for the party in Punjab. The BSP was routed in four elections in Punjab - two assemblies and two Lok Sabha - during Avtar Singh's tenure as state president. He was made Rajya Sabha member after the party failed to make any impact in 2009 parliament elections in Punjab and its vote share remained at 5.75%.He remained MLA from 1992 to 1997, when BSP got its nine members elected in the 1992 poll which was boycotted by the Shiromani Akali Dal and the Congress-led government of Beant Singh came to power. In 1998, Avatar Singh and party MLA Shingara Ram Shahungra, ransacked Garhshankar police station after an altercation with police officers.Avatar Singh contested three assembly elections after that but in every election his vote share went down. In 1994, BSP founder Kanshi Ram appointed him general secretary of the party till 1999, after which he was sidelined. However, after Mayawati took over, he was made president in 2003.After the rout in the assembly elections in February 2012, he resigned on \"moral grounds\". After his resignation he managed to appoint his aide Gurlal Saila as state president of the party and this was strongly opposed by cadres and they did not even allow BSP national general secretary Narinder Kashyap to hold meetings. After a few months, Avatar Singh was again appointed president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16274039", "title": "Only 5% land in a plantation for farm tourism, says CM", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In an effort to clear the controversies surrounding farm tourism, chief minister Oommen Chandy said here on Wednesday that only five per cent of a plantation would be allowed to be utilized for high-tech farming and farm tourism. It was also made clear that the 5% could be utilized only if there was no farming going on in the land concerned.The CM also clarified that only 10 acres of land in a plantation, whatever be its size, could be used for the purpose.\"If there are 2,000 acres in a plantation, 10 acres of land in it can be utilized for farm tourism. And even if a plantation has more than 2,000 acres, only 10 acres can be utilized for this purpose,\" he said.And in the 5% being utilized for farm tourism, only bio-farming will be allowed, it was further clarified.\"As per the existing law, only prescribed farming can be carried out in plantations. But now it has been decided that 5% of the land not utilized for plantation activities can be used for tourism purposes and hi-tech farming. And 90% in this five per cent should be utilized for cultivating vegetables, flowers or for milk production. And it is also mandatory to practise bio-farming,\" said the chief minister.In a 100-acre plantation, only 50 cents can be used for farm tourism. The rest 4.5 acres should be utilized for cultivation-related activities.Constructions in plantations should be undertaken in a way that is suitable to the environment. Some portion of the profit made from farm tourism should be utilized for constructing roads and houses for adivasis and for providing them drinking water.\"Farm tourism was mooted by trade unions during the last UDF government's tenure.\"A law was also passed in this connection. At that time no one opposed this. The LDF could have amended this law when it came to power. They formed a 19-member committee consisting of trade union representatives and placed this recommendation before the government,\" he added.Farm tourism is meant to increase the revenue of estates and to make use of unused land.The LDF has alleged that vested interests were behind the move and that the amendment would only help pass 90,000 acres of land in the state to the land mafia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "16274609", "title": "Fishermen fear attacks by Sri Lankan navy", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Fishermen from Rameswaram island who ventured into the sea on Wednesday, sailed with fear as they are worried about the recent attacks on Sri Lankan nationals by Tamil outfits in Tamil Nadu. Fishermen associations in Rameswaram have also strongly condemned the attacks stating that it will badly affect them. The fishermen association leaders are keeping their fingers crossed, as they have the previous experience of retaliation from the Sri Lankan side whenever such incidents happen.N Devadoss of Tamil Nadu Fishermen Welfare Association said that if at all any incident takes place then they will come to know about it on Thursday morning, as 400 boats ventured into the sea only on Wednesday. \"The fishermen are worried and we believe that they will not venture farther due to these issues,\" he said. \"We strongly condemn the attacks on pilgrims and tourists from Sri Lanka and hurting them is wrong. The state and Centre should take stringent measures against these outfits,\" he stressed.\"Unfortunately, most of the Sri Lankan nationals attacked by these outfits are in fact Tamils because they are originally fishermen from Tamil Nadu's coastal areas who settled there due to severe famine in the year 1800,\" said U Arulanandam of Alliance for Release of Innocent Fishermen.Arulanandam also claimed that they are from Silavam in Puthalam district, which is known for pearl fishing. \"They speak both Tamil and Sinhalese and they are Catholics who visit Mother Mary churches in Tamil Nadu. The Tamil outfits, which want to take political mileage should have thought as to how Buddhist Sinhalese people will come to churches here and must have verified the facts thoroughly,\" he said. Such kind of mindless attacks will only backfire on the innocent fishermen in Tamil Nadu coastal region. \"Even when Rajapaksa's kin, Natesan was attacked in February this year, the fishermen suffered retaliation from Sri Lankan navy\", he said.\"We appeal to these Tamil outfits to consider lakhs of Tamil fishermen in the coastal regions as well as Tamils in Sri Lanka and to keep away from such acts,\" said N J Bose, general secretary, Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boat Fishermen Welfare Association.Fishermen sources also pointed out how it has thwarted the ongoing measures of finding a solution to the problems. \"We are supposed to go to Sri Lanka on September 15 to meet our fishermen association counterparts there and we also planned to meet the government officials. However, we are scared to go there though the permission has not been revoked by the Sri Lankan authorities,\" Devadass stated. \"Let these outfits play politics on whatever they want, but not on the lives of our fishermen,\" he added.Meanwhile, the 12-member team representing Rameswaram fishermen met Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh and other ministers, V Narayanasamy and G K Vasan on Wednesday. The fishermen associations stressed the Prime Minister to help in release of the Thangachimadam fishermen languishing in Sri Lankan prison from last November. Bose, who was one among the team, said that they submitted other demands also.\"We urged the Prime Minister to come out with an amicable solution to end the fishermen issue. We also represented other demands like creating a channel from Rameswaram to enable fishermen to go deep sea fishing, full diesel subsidy and jewel loans for fishermen at lower interests,\" he said. \"We are optimistic about the results as the PMO atmosphere was friendly and warm,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16278348", "title": "School kids approach magistrate for help in Kerala", "text": "THRISSUR: Gone are the days when students used to pelt stones at buses for not stopping in front of their school and not transporting them. In a rare incident occurred recently, the students at the LFCUP School, Mammiyoor near Guruvayur instead approached none other than the Chavakkad First Class Judicial Magistrate and complained about private bus operators, who were hesitant to stop at the school bus stop.Magistrate R L Byju was shocked seeing three children - Thrijul Raj, Mridul Raj and Smrijith - all belonging to the seventh grade - on the court premises few weeks ago.On hearing the complaint, the magistrate, who is also the chairman of the Chavakkad Taluk Legal Service Society functioning in the court compound, directed the Chavakkad sub inspector K Madhavankutty to investigate the matter, take necessary action against the culprits and submit a report before the legal service society at the earliest.\"In the investigation, it was found that employees of a particular private bus named Chirikkudukka plying between Kadappuram and Kunnamkulam were too hesitant to pick up the students from the school bus stop. The employees were taken to the school on the third week of August, where they voluntarily pleaded guilty for their mistake during the school assembly,\" said the police officer.The officer submitted a report before the legal service society on Monday. \"Today's children are way smart. We have heard of children walking into police stations for help. But this is the first time I have come across a case where children, that too 12-year-olds, directly approaching a magistrate to address their grievance,\" said Madhavankutty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273571", "title": "Congress to distribute forms for free plots from September 15", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the success of Ghar-nu-Ghar project, the congress has decided to follow the same pattern and distribute forms in the rural areas from September 15.Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee spokesperson Manish Doshi said, \"We were being inquired on how the leaders would ensure that every one who was eligible to get the 100 sq yard plot free, got it. After a discussion, the party decided to distribute the forms in the panchayat areas from September 15.\"The congress volunteers will be visiting every village, and distribution centres will be set up at Taluka head quarters.Close on the heels of promising 15 lakh homes to urban women in five years if voted to power, the Congress on August 24, fired an electoral missile aimed at rural voters. It promised a 100-yard free plot to the landless and homeless in rural Gujarat. The beneficiaries will also be given a Rs 1 lakh loan to construct a 30 square metre house.He further said that the people have been deprived of the benefit for the last ten years and are eagerly waiting for our next action. Meanwhile the congress on Tuesday fired its sixth missile and this time it was for the young and first time voters.Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) announced that it will distribute free laptop to students after they clear standard XII examination. The Congress announced that if voted to power it will take the educational level in schools and colleges of Gujarat to world-class standard.Congress leaders said if the party comes to power, it will ensure that there will be at least one English teacher in each and every government school. Congress also promised student special buses during school-college timings. GPCC president Arjun Modhwadia along with election campaign committee chairman Shankersinh Vaghela declared a six-point agenda under Gujarat Praja Vikas Darshan-2012.Announcing a slew of promises, Modhwadia said party has also promised government-run boys and girls hostels in urban areas, sports complexes at taluka level, no sanction for school without playground and library, constitution of a special Vidya Nidhi for scholarship to poor and middle class students studying in self-financed colleges, a university for students in tribal areas to ensure that higher education opportunities reach their doorstep among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16274640", "title": "Patrons give nightclubs a miss, party at home", "text": "PUNE: The recent police raids on two popular nightspots in the city have brought about a sense of foreboding in the hearts of party goers. They are now skipping nightclubs and partying at home. Sources in the industry have quoted a sharp fall in patrons ever since the raids happened, some even quoting a 50% reduction in clients, citing 'fear of police action' as the primary reason for a subdued nightlife in the city.Nightclubs, including those with proper permissions, are taking special measures to avoid trouble, and are scaling down the number of parties they host in a week, checking identification cards of clients to see if they are of legal drinking age and shutting down early.The manager at a restaurant and bar lounge in the city said that there was more than a 50% drop in clients since the last two weeks, following the raids. \"People are avoiding pubs and other nightspots as they feel that they may get into trouble. Instead of going out, party goers have now begun to have parties at home. The aim behind the raids should also be made clear. What is it that the police are taking action against - drunk driving or late night parties - and then these should be addressed properly instead of resorting to moral policing,\" he said.He added that even nightspots that have the necessary permissions and are following norms are scaling down their activities.\"Patrons are scared; we have seen more than 50% drop in clients. We have cut down the number of parties we host and have also started playing music on a lower volume,\" he added.The owner of two night haunts in the city said, \"The places that were raided had broken the law in some way, due to which they were raided. However, it was not right on part of the police to detain patrons. All pubs/bar lounges/nightspots in the city are trying to make sure that their licenses are in place. They are also not allowing those below the legal drinking age and are shutting down in time,\" he said.The owner of a four-star hotel in the city said, \"Business has dipped by 20-25% due to the recent police action. Rules are important and have to be followed, but all such rules should have been notified earlier by way of circulars. In addition, clubs and nightspots are now cutting down on the number of parties. Event managers that help in organising parties are staying away. The IT companies that organize such events too are refraining from doing so,\" he said.Another source from a city-based bar lounge said that the management was now skeptical about taking private party orders. \"We are also issuing strict instructions to party hosts, saying that those under the age limit of 21 will not be allowed. The IDs are being checked too. Most party goers are partying at home, including those who have liquor permits, as they do not want to get into any kind of trouble. Nightspots that have all the licenses too are scaling down activities, as there is a fear that the police may pick on something or the other and term it as a breach of rules,\" he said.He added that after the latest raid on the Maya lounge bar on Sunday, business on Monday and Tuesday dropped by 50% as compared to the same period last week. \"We expect a 30-40% drop in clients over this weekend,\" he said.The owner of another restobar said, \"The current situation now is that people do not know what is legal or illegal. Party goers feel that all nightspots might get raided. There has been a 40-50% drop in clients. We feel that the high legal drinking age in the state should also be brought down.\"A source at a restaurant and bar said that Fridays and Saturdays are 'stress days' for him as he constantly fears police action, in spite of abiding by the norms. \"The police come before the deadline of 12:30 am and harasses patrons. This is a restaurant and such an action is uncalled for. Even the staff is scared. After the recent raids, clients have dropped by 30%,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16275463", "title": "Encroachment eats into canal", "text": "Mysore: The famous Kukkarahalli lake, the picturesque beauty of which has inspired many writers to pen poetry, may soon just remain alive only in verse. For, the lake is on the verge of drying up, with its only source of water \u2014the historic Dewan Poornaiah canal \u2014 itself on its last legs. Years of rampant encroachment on the canal, which feeds water to the lake, have now simply removed the water body off the map. The encroachment became complete on Tuesday, with a private institution filling the canal and levelling it, besides planting coconut saplings on the encroached land. The Putteeramma Trust, which runs a school for the differently abled, has over the years allegedly encroached upon the 100-ft wide canal and built structures for the school. Started 10 years ago, the school has extended its borders slowly by encroaching upon the remaining piece of the canal stretching south to north from the school border till the bridge on Gaddige Road near the All India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH). For a fortnight, bulldozers, dredging machines and an army of workers were on the job to fill the canal and level it, to get a good two acres of land . On Tuesday, the school authorities planted the coconut saplings to complete encroachment on the Poornaiah canal, formed from the backwaters of Krishnarajsagar dam, making it cease to exist. Though the University of Mysore authorities which own the Kukkarahalli lake have invested crores of rupees to revive it, their efforts have had little impact with the encroachment remaining unabated. UOM tried to prevent choking of waterways by harvesting it with rainwater, but to little effect. The revenue officials who surveyed the canal in the late 1990s reported that a 4.5-km stretch of the canal from Bogadhi village till the lake's mouth has been encroached illegally by various sections, including individuals, temple boards and authorities of private and government institutes. More than 11 acres of the canal's land have been encroached upon, the report said. Some of the encroachers include the government owned AIISH. With the near completion of encroachment of the canal, it would be an impossible task to reclaim it and revive the lake, the water level of which is depleting on a regular basis due to choking of all its water sources. When contacted the seer of the Adi Chunchangiri mutt's Mysore branch, Sri Somanath Swamiji who also heads the school trust said, \"School authorities got the area cleared of weeds and plants as poisonous snakes, scorpions and other nocturnal creatures would stray into the school scaring the children.\" School authorities are not building any structure on the land, he claimed, adding that the land was allotted to the trust by the government itself. Deputy commissioner P S Vastrad said he was unaware of the issue and encroachment. \"But I will find out the truth and initiate action against the guilty who have encroached upon the land which is prohibited under the law,\" he said. Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath said that waterways and canals come under the purview of the revenue department and as per the Supreme Court ruling it is not possible for anybody to encroach or choke the canals and lakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16273315", "title": "Garments, cash stolen from Hazaribag mall, guard held", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Burglars decamped with Rs 35,000 and costly garments worth over Rs 2.50 lakh from the four-storeyed Shopping City mall at Kalibari chowk on Tuesday night.When Hemant Sharma, the owner-cum-manager of one of the prominent commercial centres in city, opened the complex on Wednesday morning, he found that the cash box of the main counter was broken and the money was missing.\"After this, we checked all the four floors of the complex and found huge quantity of men's wear including shirts and jeans, costly saris and salwar suits were stolen. The criminals entered the complex by breaking open the ventilators. They escaped from the same route without breaking the shutters of the complex,\" he said.Officer in charge of Hazaribag Sadar police station Dinesh Kumar said he inspected the spot and arrested the security guard of the complex as the crime took place when he was present in the complex. \"The complicity of security guard Sanjay Kushwaha who joined the mall about a month ago with the criminals could not be ruled out,\" he said. However forensic experts visited the place and took his finger prints.Incidents of crime, mostly robberies and burglaries, have gone up enormously particularly in Hazaribag town during the past fortnight causing anxiety among citizens. AlthoughHazaribag police have made major achievements in respect of seizure of sophisticated weapons, they failed to contain crime in the city.The OC said, \"We have arrested a person in this connection on Tuesday night from Ramnagar locality with one firearm and two cartridges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16275217", "title": "Passport agent missing, kin cries foul", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 33-year-old passport agent from the city went missing from Monday morning and alleging that he was taken away by police, his family members lodged a complaint with Market police on Wednesday.Muhammad Shafi, from New Bhoiguda works as a passport agent near the Regional Passport Office located at Secunderabad. On Monday morning some people in plain clothes claiming themselves to be police landed at Shafi's house and asked him to come with them.As Shafi did not return home till night, his family members started searching him. They found out that the 'cops' first took Shafi to RPO area and later left the place along with him. When contacted, cops confirmed that Shafi is not with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16275124", "title": "Bank NPAs in MP may improve by fiscal-end", "text": "INDORE: Non performing assets (NPAs) of banks are on the rise across Madhya Pradesh. Banks and other financial institutions are now devising ways to minimise them.Out of the total Rs 13,000 crores NPA properties registered at NPAsource.com from across the country, around Rs 340 crore of the properties are from MP alone, said chairman and managing director of the portal, Devendra Jain.A section of the banking community believes that the rise in the gross NPA was due to introduction of system-generated NPAs. Gross NPA of Central Bank of India is at 4.5% currently of its total advances at Rs 1,65,000 crore in the state as against 2.3% during the corresponding period last fiscal. However, Umesh Singh, who heads the bank in the state, said, \"We are planning to bring it down to below 3% by the end of the fiscal. We are relying on schemes like one-time settlement (OTS)\".Singh, who is also the convenor of SLBC in the state, said, \"Looking into the ongoing economic slowdown, prudential norms (income recognition and asset classification) should be revisited. Secondly, institutional mechanism like corporate debt restructuring (CDR) must be extended to MSMEs as well, which is the biggest employer in the country.\"NPAs are not restricted to the banks alone. A high NPA has been reported by housing finance companies in the region as well. Indore branch of the Cent Bank, which is the housing finance arm of the state-owned lender Central Bank of India, is currently having a gross NPA of Rs 50 lakh, which comprises 1.2% of its total advances of Rs 35.4 crore. It has improved considerably compared to 5.4% NPA of the then existing total advances at Rs 82 lakh of Rs 15.2 crore during the corresponding period of the last fiscal. Senior manager of the branch, O P Singh said, \"We are planning to bring the gross NPA to half of the currently existing mark by the end of the fiscal. We are meeting the affected borrowers and discussing the issue with them on a regular basis.\"General manager of mid-corporate segment of State Bank of India in the state, Abhay Chaudhary said, \"The NPAs are already in a receding trend due to factors like reduction in lending rates. Though we don't have our exposure to big ticket sectors like aviation and power, we are worried about our exposure to sectors like soya, steel, pharma and infrastructure. I hope the NPA in these sectors will come down by the fiscal end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16273406", "title": "Karad, Pande granted bail", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik court on Wednesday released CITU leaders D L Karad and R S Pande, along with four others, on bail. One person, Nitin Kale, who was also in custody with them, was denied bail.The seven accused had been sent to judicial custody on August 28 in connection with the attack on three officials of Dindori-based Everest Industries Ltd (EIL).The workers of Everest Industry Ltd are on strike since the past nine months.The meeting between the company officials and the union office-bearers was on August 24 at the office of the deputy labour commissioner turned violent as some company workers, armed with knives, attacked R R Rameshan, R N Tiwari and T D Deshpande, who were EIL officials. after the meeting, outside the office of the Dy. Labour Commissioner on that day.Thereafter, the police had arrested the CITU office-bearers Dr. D L Karad and R S Pande. Initially, they were remanded to police custody for two days. They were subsequently produced in the court on August 28 when they were sent to judicial custody.The violence had prompted the Nashik Industries and Manufacturers'Association and the Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Association to demand derecognition of CITU.Officials of both the associations had also decided to ostracise CITU and asked industries with CITU affiliated unions not to negotiate with CITU on labour issues in future. The associations had also threatened to deduct wages of two days of workers who had participated in the CITU agitation after the Everest incident. The CITU, on the other hand, had threatened to take legal action against the industry bodies for unfair labour practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274095", "title": "PIL in SC seeks cancellation of 194 coal block allotments", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Coalgate scam, which has seen the opposition stall Parliament proceedings, has reached the Supreme Court with a PIL seeking cancellation of 194 coal blocks allegedly allotted arbitrarily during 2004-2011 in Jharkhand , Chhattisgarh , Maharashtra, West Bengal , Odisha and Madhya Pradesh.Listing 57 big private companies as beneficiaries of largesse through allocation of coal blocks, advocate M L Sharma in his petition challenged the government's decision, claiming that the 194 coal blocks were allotted almost free of cost.\"In the allocation of coal blocks in arbitrary manner, the public and national interest was given a go-by and the private companies were favoured in return of securing undue advantages from them,\" he alleged.Citing the Comptroller and Auditor General's report, Sharma said, \"Coal blocks had been allocated with 'underlying condition of political funding of the party in power'.\"He added, \"Manmohan Singh is the prime minister since May 2004 and was personally in-charge of the coal ministry from November 2006 to May 2009. The coal ministry during that period allotted coal blocks, which made windfall gains as is clear from the CAG report now.\"The PIL is scheduled for hearing in the Supreme Court on September 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16274079", "title": "Sreedharan shares metro nuggets with KMRL staff", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to improve synergy between Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), the principal adviser to DMRC E Sreedharan on Wednesday addressed the staff of KMRL. It was his first visit to the KMRL office.Stressing on the importance of team spirit, he exhorted the KMRL staff to work hand-in-hand with DMRC and have mutual respect for each other. Underlining the fact that punctuality and transparency are non-negotiable, he said that two qualities will help the team complete the project in three years.\"As the project is being executed with tax payer's money, DMRC will be subjected to public scrutiny including the Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG ),\" he said.He also did not discount the fact that the speed of the project will directly depend on availability of land and funds.Pointing to the importance of quick decision-making, Sreedharan said, professional excellence will help in keeping operational and maintenance cost low.Citing the example of Delhi Metro, he said a meeting of directors to review the progress of work and operational efficiency was held once a week. \"A meeting of middle-level employees was convened once a month to understand the issues and concerns of project,\" he said.KMRL managing director Elias George said that teams of officials will be sent to DMRC head office to get an understanding and training on the operations of metro.Meanwhile, the reconstituted director board of KMRL will hold its first meeting on September 11 in Kochi.The decision on signing a pact between both agencies will be discussed in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16274300", "title": "Preparations for annual Haj pilgrimage start", "text": "VARANASI: With the beginning of meningococcal meningitis and polio vaccination programme for the Haj pilgrims in the city on Wednesday, the preparations for annual Haj pilgrimage started. The groups of Haj pilgrims will start leaving the city by direct flights for Saudi Arab from September 20.As per the directives of UP Haj Committee Lucknow, the chief medical officer arranged the vaccination camp. The series of such camps started at National Inter College Pilikothi. The second and third vaccination camps will take place at Anglo Oriental Muslim Inter College, Lullapur and Janata Seva Hospital, Rewari Talab on Thursday and Saturday respectively. With the end of vaccination camps, the exercise for preparing the temporary Haj house at Cultural Complex, Chowkaghat would be started.District magistrate, Saurabh Babu held a meeting with the officials of different departments to review the preparations. During the meeting it was informed that as per the schedule announced by Haj Committee of India, the daily service of a 250 seat flight will start from Babatpur airport to Saudi Arab from September 20 to October 5. Before catching their flights, the Haj pilgrims will stay at the temporary Haj house.Ordering for the arrangements of tight security arrangements, the DM asked the Varanasi Municipal Corporation to ensure proper cleanliness arrangements in and around the temporary Haj house. To avoid the possibility of waterlogging and the arrangements of drinking water, the DM asked the Jal Sansthan and other departments to make necessary arrangements. The police were also instructed to arrange airport passes timely to avoid inconvenience for the pilgrims at the time of departure.The health department was instructed to ensure 15-bed temporary hospital near the temporary Haj house and also at Babatpur airport to provide health facilities to the pilgrims in the case of any emergency. The district minority welfare department has been given the responsibility to arrange staff for the temporary Haj house in required number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16271852", "title": "US simplifies visa processing system", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seeking to simplify its visa processing system, the US embassy announced a slew of new measures to standardize procedures, including fee payment and scheduling of appointments which will now be facilitated through a new website.Minister counselor for consular affairs, Julia Stanley, announced at a press conference that beginning September 26, US visa applicants will be able to pay application fees via electronic fund transfer (EFT) or with their mobile phones. They can also pay in cash at more than 1,800 Axis Bank branches.For the first time, applicants can schedule their appointments online or by phone by contacting a call centre whose representatives will answer queries in English, Hindi, Punjabi, Gujarati and Telugu.\"It is our goal to make our visa process as efficient as possible to meet the increased demand for US visas worldwide... we are offering appointments by phone for the first time. The new global appointment schedule will offer group and expedited appointments,\" Stanley said.She added that the major difference from the current system was that first-time applicants will need to schedule two appointments -- one for fingerprint collection at an offsite facilitation centre and one for consular interview at the embassy or consulate.Responding to questions about the safety of documents as more than one location was involved in the processing, she said the US has always accorded \"highest possible security\" on visa issues and would keep all documents \"very safely\".In March, the US mission in India introduced the interview waiver programme (IWP) that allows applicants who meet certain criteria to be considered for waivers of personal interviews. \"Under the IWP and our new processing system, an increasing number of applicants will be able to complete all visa requirements without having to visit a US embassy or consulate at all,\" Stanley said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16275373", "title": "4 injured as bus turns turtle; traffic flow hit", "text": "LUDHIANA: Traffic movement near War Memorial on Jalandhar Bypass remained blocked for about two hours after a private bus turned turtle at around 12.40pm on Wednesday, leaving four persons injured, including one critically.Commuters faced trouble on the stretch while the bus, which was on its way from Phillaur to Ludhiana on the service lane adjoining an under-construction flyover in the area, blocked the road before it was moved to a side.When the bus reached War Memorial, it jumped over a speed-breaker and turned turtle within seconds.Sandeep Kumar , 19, who resides at Apra village near Phillaur, fell on the ground as the bus turned over him causing grave injuries to his spinal cord. The other injured passengers were Kuldeep Singh, 19; Ravi Kumar, 19 and Garibu Ram, 60. Ravi said they were sitting on the front seats of the bus and the bus toppled in a sudden movement. \"The accident happened due to driver's negligence, but he fled away from the spot. Sandeep, Kuldeep and I were going to Ludhiana to purchase cloths,\" he added.Naib tehsildar Harminder Singh Sidhu, who went to the spot to figure out the cause behind this accident, said he would handover a report about this incident to the deputy commissioner.Commuters Suffer: It took over an hour and half to remove the bus from NH-1. Commuters coming from Jalandhar and Amritsar towards Ludhiana were stuck in long jams. Amritsar resident was stuck in the jam with his family while they were on their way to New Delhi. \"The rescue operation was very slow and very few cops were involved in clearing the way and proving first aid to injured,\" he added.Jalandhar resident Honey Sharma was worried about missing his time of reaching Patiala by 2pm for official work. \"I don't think I will make it in time looking at the efficiency with which the traffic is being managed,\" he said. Ladhuwal SHO Gurpreet Singh said the three injured witnesses have alleged the accident happened because of rash driving. \"We did not get any documents in the bus, so we are finding who owns it through its registration number,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277191", "title": "Shah Rukh vs Ajay Devgn war escalates", "text": "Distribution officials from Eros International and Viacom 18 called theatre owners, asking them to bypass the deal struck with YRF else...The battle between Ajay Devgn's Son of Sardaar and Yash Chopra's Shah Rukh Khan-starrer, both scheduled for a November 14 release, has escalated. Buzz was distributors had been told to book the same number of screens for the Shah Rukh-starrer as for Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger.The fight turned ugly on Tuesday afternoon when distribution officials from Eros International and Viacom 18 started making calls to theatre owners, asking them to bypass the deal struck with YRF.What's more, they threatened the theatre owners that in the event they didn't comply, four of the production houses' forthcoming films: Oh My God (September 28), Bhoot Returns (October 12), Aiyya (October 12) and Chakravyuh (October 24) wouldn't be screened in their theatres.The distribution rights of Son of Sardaar , a joint production by Ajay Devgn and Viacom 18, were sold to Eros International in July to ensure smooth distribution of the film. The deal had been struck between Ajay and Eros' head honcho Kishore Lulla.Inder Raj Kapoor of STV confirmed that calls were made to companies like Rahul Aksar Group, E City and themselves. Rahul of the Rahul Aksar Group said he didn't wish to comment on the matter.A source from the exhibition circuit said, \"We have been told to give priority to Son of Sardaar in our multiplexes and remove the blanket ban else...\"Asked if they intend to pay heed to the calls, Kapoor said, \"We are yet to arrive at a decision on what to do and what not to do.\" But aren't these pressure tactics adopted by Eros and Viacom 18 unethical? \"Well, Eros International and Viacom 18 say that Yash Raj Films is in the wrong. How do I take sides?\" said Kapoor.Meanwhile, a source from the trade said, \"One fails to understand why Ajay is hell bent on releasing his film on the same day as Yash Chopra's film. Releasing the film during Diwali does not necessarily help. Ajay's Singham did so well despite hitting the theatres during the non-festive season. Or then, Yash Raj should shift the date. This war is no good for the industry.\"Despite repeated attempts, Eros International and Viacom 18 remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16273990", "title": "Haj pilgrims to be given SBI travel cards", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Haj pilgrims from India will be provided State Bank of India's (SBI) foreign travel cards that can be operated in any ATMs or cash points in Saudi Arabia. Pilgrims are being provided this facility for the first time.SBI will give the reloadable card to all pilgrims from a special counter set up at each embarkation point. The card is being introduced in association with Visa International, the payment gateway provider. It can be used even in shopping centres and hotels in Saudi Arabia.The Central Haj Committee has already decided to provide pilgrims Saudi SIM cards that will have a talk time of five Saudi riyals; incoming calls can be received with zero balance.Chairman of Kerala Hajj committee Kottumala Bappu Musliyar said though the Central Hajj Committee had planned to introduce the card system for pilgrims last year, the project materialized only this year.He said the card would help pilgrims avoid carrying Indian rupee during their journey. \"Pilgrims do not have to open account in SBI to get the card. All pilgrims would be provided ATM cards charging a small amount as service charge,\" he said.\"The Haj Committee will credit Rs 2,100 in the ATM accounts of each pilgrim before they leave for Saudi Arabia. If they require more money, they can pay at SBI counters before commencing the journey ,\" he said.Secretary of State Haj Committee M C Mohandas, who is also the district collector of Malappuram, said the new facility would be of great help to the pilgrims.Air India will operate 20 Haj flights from Karippur. The first flight will leave on October 6.The pilgrims will be given vaccination at various camps set up for the purpose from September 10 to 15. They will be informed of the venue and time of the camps. All trains plying between Thiruvananthapuram and Mangalore will stop at Feroke station to help the pilgrims reach Karipur without hassle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16275348", "title": "They 'marshal' the gates of council", "text": "MANGALORE: Smartly dressed men in white uniforms dazzled when chief minister Jagadish Shettar inaugurated the Mangala council hall of Mangalore City Corporation on July 25. Regular employees of the city corporation drawn from its various sections including town planning and establishment, now double up as 'marshals' to carry out orders of the Mayor as and when the council convenes under the city's first citizen. These 'marshals' also regulate entry to the visitors' gallery.Incidentally, the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike at its first council meeting of the greater Bangalore civic body chaired by then Mayor SK Nataraj had forwarded a resolution to the state government seeking services of 'marshals' to regulate unruly behaviour by corporators.But this has not been sanctioned so far, just as a similar resolution adopted by the city corporation here for regular marshals drawn from state police and a task force on lines of BMTF be set up locally as well. M Shankar Bhat, former mayor, during whose tenure such a resolution was adopted told TOI that the powers of 'marshals' should be well-defined so that they can discharge their duties effectively, failing which these 'marshals', who are regular employees, run the risk of earning the ire of corporators in case they evict the latter on the Mayor's directions.The government has consistently denied our requests for a BMTF like task force citing budgetary constraints, he added. K Harish Kumar, commissioner said the duty of 'marshals' is to regulate entry of officials and corporators from separate entrances at the council hall gates and enter the council on Mayor's direction.The white uniform given to the 'marshals' has 'MCC' emblazoned on the front pockets, shirt sleeve as well as their cap with green and yellow shoulder straps. Nonetheless, this is a first of its kind venture for any city corporation in the state, he added.QUOTE HANGERWe are just doing the duty assigned to us (in uniform on the day council meets) and our regular duty in our respective sections on other days.Sujith, marshal and attender in town planning sectionThe uniform given to these MCC staff gives a sense of respect to the duties expected of them.KS Linge Gowda, assistant executive engineerWe had tried this once when I was the Mayor and were faced with a situation of having to evict James D'Souza, one of our own members. But these 'marshals' cannot have the powers of their counterparts in the state assembly unless a specific council resolution confers such powers on them.K Ashraf, former Mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16271476", "title": "Radhakrishnan statue unveiled", "text": "SILCHAR: Assam University vice-chancellor Somnath Dasgupta unveiled a bronze statute of former president and educationist Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan at Sambhu Sagar Park in Karimganj on the occasion of Teacher's Day on Wednesday.In his speech, he urged the teaching community and students to follow value-based education as designed by the governments and the educationists from ancient to modern times. \"Education without value has no meaning. This promotes evil in society. India rightly honoured Radhakrishnan by electing him as President. The nation is also grateful to the educationist and philosopher for his teachings\", said the VC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "16275202", "title": "Education hub to get more eyes in skies", "text": "Manipal: In view of safety of students, Manipal University and police department are planning to install close-circuit television cameras (CCTV) at different parts of the university campus in the education town to monitor students' activities.This move comes after a recent interaction programme between police officials, university authorities and students. Currently, the university has installed 136 CCTV cameras and 12 Pan-tilt-zoom (PTZ) cameras on its campus, mostly indoors.Inspector General of Police (Western Range) Pratap Reddy told TOI that installation of more cameras will help both university and police department maintain law and order and curb antisocial activities like drinking and driving, drinking in public places, rash driving and other misdemeanours. \"I have advised the university to install cameras since the campus has a huge population of students,\" he added.Cameras have already been installed for traffic management in Mangalore. In the next phase cameras will be installed in Manipal to keep an eye on law violators, said Pratap.Manipal University vice-chancellor K Ramnarayan said in many places of campus, CCTV cameras are already installed. But to create a safe and secure feeling among students more cameras will be installed soon in several parts of the campus to monitor any acts of misdemeanour.However, there is mixed response from students for this initiative taken by cops and university authorities. Ajay Rao, a student, says there is no need for CCTV cameras because students are not prisoners. \"Antisocial elements from outside are troublemakers, but not the students who are well behaved,\" he said.Anil K (name changed), an engineering student, however had a different take. \"This is a welcome move as a section of students has been indulging in rash driving, particularly in the night. These cameras will help authorities to identify students involved in violating traffic and other rules in the town,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16273158", "title": "Labour unions protest in Rohtak against sackings", "text": "ROHTAK: Several trade unions and employee federations together staged a protest march in Rohtak against the sacking of about 500 employees of Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant after the July 18 arson incident there.Hundreds of employees and members belonging to various trade unions and federations urged the government to recommend reinstatement of all the employees in the larger interest of industrial labourers in Haryana. The protesters, under the banner of Sanyukt Jan Sangharsh Samiti, alleged that the authorities and the labour department had been siding with the management. They also submitted a memorandum of their demand to the deputy commission.The convener of the front, Ramesh Laura, said, It is unprecedented in the industrial history of Haryana that such a large number of employees had been dismissed in one go. Though the violence was unfortunate, snatching the bread and butter of so many families too is also unwarranted and the state government failed to protest their interests.The organizations that took part in the demonstration included Sarva Karamchari Sangh, Haryana Karamchari Mahasangh, CITU among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274222", "title": "Bhubaneshwar professor eyes marathon speech record", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Agricultural scientist, Dr Pothula Srinivasa Brahmanand, has planned a novel venture to enter the Guinness Book of World Records as the longest marathon speaker. Anand is scheduled to begin his nonstop speech on World Literacy Day on September 8 morning to surpass the present record holder, M Madasamy of Kerala, who clocked 30 hours six minutes last year.Arrangements have been made at the convention centre in KIIT's Kosi campus here for the 39-year old scientist to begin his long speech, to be heard, as per the Guinness' rule, by minimum 10 persons in the hall throughout till the end.The entire event will be video recorded and sent to the authorities of Guinness Book of World Records to watch and give their final verdict. \"They offered me two options, either to invite their people to be present during my marathon speech or send the video tape. I preferred the second option because the first one would have cost me a huge money,\" Anand, who did his PhD in Agronomy in 2009 from IIT-Kharagpur, said. \"I am quite excited and confident to break the present world record as the longest marathon speaker,\" he said. Anand is presently working as a senior scientist here at the Directorate of Water Management under the Indian Council of Agricultural Research ( ICAR).Anand has kept \"Science and Technology, Society and Human Development\" as his subject during which he will speak on host of issues such as ideology and lives of international leaders, human development, spiritual concept of Swami Vivekananda, critical provisions of Indian constitution, important events in Indian and world history, global economy , challenges before Indian economy , basic concepts of zoology, evolution of genetics, human nutritive and respiratory systems, human nervous system and endocrine glands, photosynthesis, understanding morphology and anatomy of plants, how plants cope up with adverse conditions, farm management and production economics etc.As per the programme, the speech to start at 8 in the morning of September 8 is scheduled to end at 11.45 pm on September 9. Anand will conclude his speech on the subject 'My vision for welfare Society'.\"I have calculated that if I can speak till 6 pm of September 9, I can break the present record. After that, it all depends on my stamina to speak further. I hope I will achieve my goal,\" he said, adding: \"I have planned to keep going drinking fruit juice during the breaks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16275632", "title": "Disaster was waiting to happen", "text": "CHENNAI: Sivakasi, India's biggest fireworks manufacturing hub, is a ticking bomb. With a majority of the 750 licensed fireworks manufacturing units according least priority to safety concerns, the danger is real for the workers as well as those living in this south Tamil Nadu industrial town, which was called the little Japan of India by former Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru .Om Shakthi Fireworks, where 37 people were charred to death on Wednesday, is an example of how rules are flouted by the fireworks industry. A preliminary report on the accident said 28 of the victims died in explosions in unauthorized storage cells. \"Our officials had conducted an inspection at Om Shakthi a few days ago and found it was overstaffed and stocked excess explosives. We initiated steps to suspend the licence,\" said B Rangasamy , deputy chief controller of explosives.There is hardly any regulation of the fireworks sector despite numerous accidents in the past. The government had formed committees to survey units and make recommendations for safety. But no recommendation has been implemented.Sivakasi is in a dry, arid belt which sees little agricultural activity. Making fireworks is a cottage industry and the primary source of income for most families. The bigger units hand out raw materials which people stack up in their homes. They get paid for every batch delivered . Sivakasi's fireworks industry had only two manufacturing units in 1923. It now employs 1.25 lakh people directly and about 2 lakh indirectly. Sivakasi is the second largest fireworks manufacturing hub in the world \u2014 the largest is in China. About 29% of people in the town are employed in this industry. The boom started in the 80s and the industry has been growing at 10 per cent each year. It has an annual turnover of Rs 2,000 crore. Apart from making firecrackers, Sivakasi units also make military weapons training items and rockets to scare away birds at airports.Nagpur-based Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation is the only body to monitor the 2.61 lakh hazardous units in the country. The organisation has a little over 100 officers across the country, with a few in Sivakasi . It implements safety rules for explosives. The units are regulated by a host of laws such as the Explosives Act, 1984, Explosives Rules, 2008, the Arms Act 1959 and Arms Rules 1962 as it is a hazardous industry. Rules are being flouted at will, said S Vijayakumar, president of Tamil Nadu Fire Works Manufacturers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16275272", "title": "'Alarming rise in hate content in Pak textbooks'", "text": "LAHORE: At a time when Pakistan is plagued by terrorism, its official academia has been unable to stop the inclusion of hate material targeting Hindus, Christians and Sikhs and fanning sectarian hatred in school curriculum.This hate material included in text books being used in Punjab and Sindh provinces mainly targets the country's religious minorities - Hindus, Christians and Sikhs - and India and westerners, says the NGO National Commission for Justice and Peace.\"The latest text books have more hate content than those written previously,\" the NGO said.According to a content analysis of books published by the Punjab and Sindh text book boards that was done by the NCJP, the hate content has increased manifold with the passage of time.\"Many textbooks that had no hate material in their earlier versions, now carry such material in Punjab and Sindh provinces. The issue of religious intolerance should be discussed openly and that must lead to some action to save younger students from such influences at the outset,\" the NCJP said in a report entitled 'Education or Fanning Hate'.The report said there were 45 lines containing hate material in books published in Punjab during 2009-11, and the figure increased to 122 lines this year. The text books for Urdu and Pakistan Studies for Classes VII, VIII, IX and X were found to be the \"most affected\", as hate material increased from 15 lines to 86 lines. In all, 22 lessons in the current curriculum for primary and secondary schools have hate content, the report said.Rights and civil society groups have often blamed such contents in text books for fanning sectarian hatred and animosity towards countries like India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272346", "title": "Do not transfer plots to buyers: Court to CBI, DDA", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has ordered CBI and DDA to ensure that plots allotted fraudulently in the multi-crore Molarband and Dheerpur landscam case are not transferred to subsequent buyers. The scam allegedly involves former Delhi assembly canteen contractor Ashok Malhotra.The court gave the order while deciding to frame charges against seven people, including Malhotra, in two chargesheets relating to the fraudulent plot allotments in Dheerpur Phase I and Nehru Vihar.\"It is a matter of concern that the allotments were made to ineligible/fictitious persons and the plots also appear to have been further transferred to innocent purchasers who may have spent their life time earnings. If the allotment to the initial allottee itself was fraudulent, no valid title could be legally passed to the subsequent purchasers/ transferee,\" special CBI Judge A K Mendiratta said.The court also directed that a notification be issued to the public specifying the 17 plots involved in fraudulent allotment in the six chargesheets and called for an action taken report from the DDA vice-chairman on September 7. \"The prosecution as well as DDA is directed to take necessary steps to ensure that the plots involved in the present six chargesheets (pertaining to fraudulent allotment in Dheerpur and Nehru Vihar area) are not further transferred to prevent duping of any bonafide purchaser,\" it ordered.The CBI has filed 16 chargesheets covering fictitious allotment of plots under Resettlement Scheme of Slum &amp; JJ Department and Scheme for Redevelopment of Kingsway Camp area. Malhotra, who earlier worked as a 'chhole bhature' vendor and later got the contract to run Delhi assembly canteen, is a common accused in all the cases.Of the 16 chargesheets, six pertain to plots allotted in Dheerpur and Nehru Vihar while the remaining cover the plots allotted fraudulently in Molarband, Savda Ghera and Rohini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16271501", "title": "Citizens' body wants rehabilitate for evicted families in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: The Citizens Concern for Dams and Development (CCDD) urged the Manipur government on Wednesday to immediately rehabilitate about 17 families that were evicted from the Lamphel Yaipha Leikai area in Imphal West.The CCDD demanded that the government revoke its eviction order of June 3, 2011. Labelling the people of the area as encroachers, the government, which had a plan to set up a water body and the National Institute of Technology (NIT) complex around the area, evicted the victim's houses.\"About 70 villagers, affected by the eviction drive at Lamphel Yaipha Leikai, have now become refugees in their own land. They have nowhere to go and no one to care for them,\" said a CCDD statement.\"There is no reason for the government to issue election identity cards and other documents such as BPL cards to them if they are encroachers in the first place,\" the statement charged.CCDD sought the government's clarification on who is an encroacher at Lamphelpat and to present a white paper on the number of encroachers in Lamphelpat wetlands. The organization also asked the government to take appropriate steps to prosecute all those responsible for allowing such encroachment, it said.\"It is unfortunate that the government selectively evicts families even though a comprehensive policy for wetland management or a separate Lamphelpat management policy is still absent. The government also promotes encroachers in Lamphelpat,\" the statement said.\"The victims have been depending on fishing, grazing and collection of seasonable plants in the Lamphelpat for over thirty years and as such, they have every right to be adequately rehabilitated as per the housing rights and rights of indigenous peoples provided by our country,\" the statement said.It said the comprehensive drainage scheme for Lamphelpat near Lamphel Yaipha Leikai under JNURRM, has already been completed without affecting the land and homestead belonging to the eviction victims. So, the CCDD urged upon the government to make an alternate rehabilitation arrangement for the eviction victims in close consultation with them, either in their original land at Yaipha Leikai or other alternate places acceptable to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16276647", "title": "I am a superstar: Kareena Kapoor", "text": "According to Kareena, in Bollywood's A-list of actresses her name is the only constantHave you really pushed the envelope with Heroine as an actor? It is the boldest and bravest role I have done. I am a commercial star and it is difficult to break away from that image, though I have always wanted to. And I did Dev, Omkara, Jab We Met. I can safely say that no actor in my position would want to play a declining superstar. Everyone wants to play a heroine who is at her peak and glamorous, who will either kill herself or become a superstar. This film does not follow that arc. The USP of Heroine is the last 40 minutes. I said yes to the film for those 40 minutes.Do you mean to say unlike Fashion, the film does not end on a note of optimism? There is redemption, yes. But (hesitates) the film is expected to be dark and edgy but Madhur (Bhandarkar, the director) has to do something different, it is his world and his take on the underbelly of the film industry.A woman smoking, drinking and cursing - that is how Bhandarkar and most filmmakers stereotype bold women. How is this different? You have to show all of that. But being bold is not just about skin show. I cannot bare and dare. I'll not be accepted. Audience sees me as Geet or the vivacious girl from 3 Idiots. But I had to break away from the mould and become the 'heroine.' And being bold here is all in the mind. Mahi's reactions in the film are scary. I'd not react this way but I know of many who would.Madhur has obviously used several actors as references, isn't it? Yes. He and his writers wanted bit of Hollywood and bit of Bollywood and then develop the character keeping in mind the nuances of this industry. A Bhandarkar heroine cannot run around snow slopes in short skirts and sarees. I can do that even in my sleep.So did you give your inputs as well? I didn't need to. All I had to was perform well.But did you not feel any special connect with your character at any point? I'm a superstar. This film is about a superstar's life. I kept asking myself, what if I had to go through this? Mahi is the only character I have lived through. People think it is Geet, which is not true. Every frame here is heartfelt. Ever since I was in my mom's womb... I wanted to be a heroine. I want people to split the screen and say 'she did Geet and she also did this.' That was the connect. I can't be just stuck doing a certain kind of role. I want to act till I am 50 and 60.So will it be Bhandarkar's Heroine or Kareena's? (Gets visibly animated) You know, Saif always tells me, that it is a director's medium and we as actors have to decide if we want to be a part of his world. I wanted to be a part of Madhur's world ever since Chandni Bar . Similarly, I've wanted to be a part of Imtiaz's world, and Karan Johar's world, which is about fantasy and glamour. As an actor I want to do a film for the director. Which is why, I will probably be great in some movies and not so good in others. And I am honest enough to admit it.It is obvious your involvement with this film runs quite deep. Once it got over, did it make you feel like you have just turned the last page of a good book? I'm glad you brought up reading. I'm not an avid reader. But I do understand that special feeling that comes with reading a great book. You keep that by your bedside and it becomes a part of your life. It's the same way I feel with Heroine. Playing the life of an actress... it all came so close to reality that I sometimes wanted to run away. There were days of dubbing when I would be so overwhelmed, the dialogues would give me goosebumps (extends her arm) and I would say can we do this tomorrow? It was that uncomfortable, sinking feeling. And then I realised, this is good stuff! But then, as Saif says: Everybody takes this movie business too seriously. It is not rocket science you know, not Lord of the Rings or Godfather!How important a role does Saif play in shaping your choices and sensibilities as an actor? In terms of films we think differently. But somewhat on the same page at times. He is way more evolved as an actor and person. He is worldly wise. I hope to evolve with time since we have the same paths and same goals.I think you are worldly wise. (Laughs) Well maybe I am a little now. I am well rounded maybe? But I still am not too fond of reading. I read magazines. I am trying to do better. Saif says you are never alone or lonely if you read a good book, it is like being in august company. I picked up a 550-page book on a real life story in the US and I managed to read 300 pages. It is taking time but I am improving!Changing tracks, things are getting pretty competitive among your peers. Do you feel the heat? Everybody is doing great work. I am immune to competition. It's always been Kareena and so and so, Kareena and so and so... the other names have been changing. My name hasn't. All I care about is striking a balance between my professional and personal life. And I can safely say that I am the only one in the industry to have been able to do so.- Chandrima Pal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16271975", "title": "Maken offers Group A coach's job to Girisha", "text": "BANGALORE: Union sports minister Ajay Maken has offered athlete HN Girisha, who brought glory to India at the Paralympics in London on Monday, the job of a coach at the Sports Authority of India (SAI).Maken, who had announced on Tuesday that the athlete would get Rs 30 lakh for his effort, said he join as in the officer grade. \"Paralympic silver medallist Girisha to be offered a coach's job in Sports Authority of India at an officer level!\" Maken tweeted on Wednesday.In all probability, Girisha, who won silver in high jump in the F42 category with a leap of 1.74 metres, should be absorbed as a Group A officer, if Maken's words during the London Olympics are anything to go by.Congratulating shooter Gagan Narang for his bronze in the men's 10m air rifle event in July, Maken had said that a medal winner would be promoted as Group A employee.Applying the same yardstick, there is every likelihood that Girisha would get a Group A job.The 24-year-old athlete has been without a job ever since he started training for the Paralympics early this year. Girisha was working for a private sector bank but had to resign after his employers told him that they wouldn't be able to relieve him for long periods for training.The Karnataka government gave him Rs 5 lakh once he qualified for the Paralympic Games. \"The money helped me prepare well for the Games. It also came to the rescue of my family which depends on me for a living. Having lost my job, I wasn't able to help them in any way,\" he said.PCI announces Rs 10-lakh rewardThe Paralympic Committee of India announced a cash award of Rs 10 lakh for HN Girisha. The apex body, however, expressed disappointment at the apathy towards Girisha and urged corporates to come forward and back the physically challenged sportsperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16271294", "title": "'Political ceasefire violation' heat on CM", "text": "GUWAHATI: The AGP on Wednesday slammed chief minister Tarun Gogoi for violating the decision of a 'political ceasefire', which all political parties taken consensually last month to neutralize the recent ethnic clash. This came a day after the chief minister criticized the reigns of AGP in the state and NDA in New Delhi for not implementing the Assam Accord.Tarun Gogoi had recently called for a 'political ceasefire' among all political parties for at least two months at an all-party meeting convened at Assam Administrative Staff College here to discuss the BTAD situation. Gogoi, during the meeting, appealed to all parties, including AGP, to exercise restraint from criticizing each other at this crisis time. The meeting involved representatives of the Congress, AIUDF, BJP, AGP, Trinamool, NCP, BPF, CPI, CPM and SUCI.\"Gogoi had said that it is not the time to indulge in mud-slinging to gain political mileage. We have to exercise restraint for at least two to three months till the situation in BTAD calms down. But he violated the term and started blaming our party and others for the delay in implementing the Assam Accord. Isn't he ashamed of this?\" asked Durga Das Boro, AGP general sectary in a press conference.AGP even challenged Gogoi to publishing the 'white paper', saying AGP will answer it as soon as he releases it.\"AGP was born during the great Assam agitation. The people of the state know that our party is committed to implement the Assam Accord. We don't need to prove it but still we will answer his 'white paper'. Gogoi is in charge for the last 11 years so why couldn't he implement the accord?\" If he can go to Dhaka and make a deal on land swapping, then why can't he go there again and make a deportation treaty now?,\" added Kamala Kalita, AGP leader and former state health minister.AGP also blamed Congress of stopping the pilot project of updating the National Register of Citizen (NRC) in 2010 for political reasons. \"It was stopped immediately after some people objected to it. Even in 2005, he promised that his government will seal the Assam-Bangladesh border within one year. And now once again he has promised that NRC will be updated within three years. Is he not tired of making false promises to the state?\" mocked Boro. \"Where are the 36,750 illegal Bangladeshis, who were identified by IMDT and foreigners' tribunal during Gogoi's reign?\" said the AGP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16272926", "title": "Vyas, NIMS colleges in CAG report", "text": "JAIPUR: Two dental colleges from the state have featured prominently in the performance audit of the Dental Council of India (DCI) by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG). The CAG has recently tabled the report in the Lok Sabha.Taking a critical look at the performance of the council and its recommendations for the establishment of the NIMS Dental College under the NIMS University in Jaipur and the Vyas Dental College and Hospital in Jodhpur, amongst 13 new dental colleges that were set up across the country between 2006 and 2011, the CAG has wondered if the council was allowing the same faculty to work in multiple colleges amongst a whole set of other anomalies. The CAG also raps the Union ministry of health and family welfare for allowing some dental colleges to function despite a shortage of faculty and lack of proper infrastructure.According to the CAG report, the council had given a negative recommendation for setting up of these two colleges. The colleges then approached the Supreme Court which ordered the Centre to give a personal hearing. Later, the ministry despite the negative recommendations gave the green signal for establishment of the colleges in September 2006.For the establishment of a dental college, the DCI-a statutory recommendatory body to the Union ministry- has to evaluate proposals, conduct physical examinations and send its recommendations to the ministry which may or may not consider them. The ministry, under the Dentists Act 1948, can then send another team, on the lines of a special investigation team (SIT), to gather more information before reaching a final conclusion. However, the final authority over establishment of a college rests solely with the ministry.In the case of Vyas Dental College and Hospital in Jodhpur, even the special team had given a negative recommendation for its establishment. It's recommendation in the case of the NIMS Dental College was in contrast to the findings of the council.According to the CAG report, the council in its visit to Vyas Dental College, Jodhpur, on September 26-27, 2006 found shortage of teaching and para-medical staff, inadequate clinical material and not up-to-the-mark emergency facilities.On the recommendation of the council, the ministry had disapproved the establishment of the college but the college moved court and was again inspected again by the council on September 15, 2006. This time too council found that the staff quarters were not within the campus and some equipment were uninstalled in addition to the other deficiencies it found earlier.Later the ministry constituted a SIT that same month which on an inspection to the college noted that nurses were not present during inspection, the staff quarters and girl's hostel were not complete then and emergency facilities too were absent.Despite the observations, the ministry gave a go ahead to the college. all this the college was given a go ahead by the ministry.For the NIMS Dental College, too, the council had pointed inadequacies in dental and medical faculty during its July 2006 visit. A subsequent visit by another team, the CAG report says, disagreed with the council's findings and the college was established.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16273035", "title": "Where is drinking water for workers, HUDA asks builders", "text": "GURGAON: Buoyed by the Punjab and Haryana high court's strict stance on the ban on use of borewells for construction purpose by builders, the HUDA has now sought details of the drinking water arrangement for workers at all the housing projects sites in Gurgaon.The builders have been given notices seeking details of the projects, water requirement and duration of the work. As per the new direction, the builders will have to inform the HUDA to ensure that the source of the water, which is being used for drinking purpose by workers, is a legal one and is approved by the Central Ground Water Board and other competent authorities. The builders will have to submit the details of their sites to executive engineer of HUDA in all zones.The HUDA has sought details of the housing projects to streamline the water supply system from the STP owned by the HUDA. \"The details from the builders will help in analyzing the exact amount of water they need and the roadmap for the HUDA to ensure water supply till the projects gets over,\" said a senior HUDA official.The HUDA has also asked the builders to furnish details if they wish to set up a water treatment plant at their site and in that case, also provide the details of the technology to be used for cleaning water. All these were confirmed by a senior HUDA official.Meanwhile, the builders are a worried lot. \"We are getting water from the STP daily for the ongoing construction work at Sector 37 (A). This has led to the escalation of cost,\" said a senior executive of a real estate firm.The Punjab and Haryana High Court has banned use of the borewells for constructions in Gurgaon and the authorities have also banned the use of freshwater from tankers. The finance commissioner, Town and Country Planning (TCP) SS Dhillion had made HUDA the nodal body to provide treated water from STPs to builders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16275310", "title": "Sea of troubles: China's future president snubs Hillary", "text": "BEIJING: The rift between the United States and China over the South China Sea issue spilled out into the open with Xi Jinping , slated to be the next Chinese president, cancelling his meeting with the visiting US secretary of state Hillary Clinton .Clinton called for a code of conduct for China and the countries it is opposing - Japan, Vietnam , Philippines and Malaysia - for control of different islands. \"The US doesn't take sides on competing territorial claims. Our interest is in maintenance of peace and stability, respect for international law, freedom of navigation and unimpeded lawful commerce,\" said Clinton.Yang replied saying China is committed to resolving the disputes \"through direct negotiations and friendly consultations\". He assured Clinton that freedom of navigation would not be disturbed. \"China has sovereignty over the islands in the South China Sea and their adjacent waters,\" Yang said. \"There's plentiful historical and jurisprudential evidence for that.\"The Communist Party controlled People's Daily Online was quick to run a commentary asking if Clinton was in China to make trouble or solve them.The Chinese foreign minister also tried to remind Clinton that Beijing was playing a key role in the global financial crisis, and the US needed its help on the economic front.The two countries also struck to their divergent positions on Syria even after the meeting between Clinton and Chinese president Hu Jintao .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ngapur", "code": "16272473", "title": "Torrential rains wreak havoc in region", "text": "NGAPUR: Heavy downpour across Vidarbha claimed as many as nine lives between Tuesday and Wednesday. The torrential rains threw life out of gear and authorities had to evacuate scores from low-lying areas. The gates of several dams had to be opened as reservoir levels swelled. Authorities have issued warning to guard against flooding.The damage was heaviest in Wardha district where five persons died and three were injured due to heavy rain on Wednesday. In a season record, 210mm rain was recorded at Arvi in a single day, where more than 100 domestic animals died and hundreds of houses were damaged. Four to five villages were completely cut off. The total rainfall recorded on Wednesday in the district is 870.8 mm.Three persons died and two were injured in Arvi. Ashok Sawai (52) was drowned in a nullah, Chandrakala Raut (70) died in a wall collapse while Ramesh Gedam (45) also died as a wall of his house gave way. Amrut Chore of Wardhamaneri village was injured after a wall collapsed on him. In Hinganghat, Ajay Daud and Sumitra Kukade died while Babali Khich and Mona Bais were injured.In Arvi, the district disaster management wing erected shelters for evacuees as more than three hundred houses got damaged or collapsed completely due to heavy rain.District collector Jayashree Bhoj, who rushed to Arvi, said that the administration was working with some other social organizations to rescue people from disaster. A camp has been made where people are getting food and other essential things. She also said that all villagers were safe but communication could not be established villages that were cut off. \"We are calculating the exact extent of loss. The affected people will get proper compensation,\" Bhoj assured.Two die in AmravatiIn Amravati district, rains claimed two lives. Thirteen gates of the Upper Wardha dam in Morshi and nine gates of dam on Purna Vishroli in Chandur Bazar tehsil were opened on Tuesday.The torrential downpour reported in the entire district has thrown life out of gear. Rivers and nullahs in districts were flooded. Around 65mm rainfall was reported from Amravati district while Warud tehsil reported 143mm rainfall.Two people died in separate incidents in the district. In one incident, Ashish Hiwrale was swept away in the flood at Takarkheda Shambhu village in Bhatkuli tehsil. Hiwrale was heading towards his house and was trapped in the flood. In another incident, one Bhagirathi Maraskolhe died when the dilapidated wall of house collapsed, burying her alive. The incident took place at Chincholi village in Morshi.Around 50 families were evacuated in Gopgavhan village of Bhatkuli tehsil when water of flooded Pedhi river entered in the houses. Ten people were trapped in a temple at Rewsa village. They were later rescued via a boat pressed into service by the administration. The Tembha village too was left marooned and administration again deployed a boat to rescue people.A couple working in a brick kiln were trapped in Suryaganga river. The administration has been trying hard to rescue couple, said sources. Two houses in Malkhed village in Chandur Railway collapsed. The Teosa-Amravati road and Kurha-Chandur Bazar road was blocked due to flood, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16278196", "title": "More than 1800 transport vehicles checked and 423 challaned in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To Curb the tendency of plying unauthorized vehicles with incomplete documents, driving overloaded vehicles and make the city pollution free, State Transport Authority, during the month of August, 2012 carried out a drive to check commercial vehicles. More than 1800 transport vehicles were checked and 423 were challaned/impounded/issued notices.The Secretary, STA, said permits were being issued to registered LPG auto rickshaws as per the decision regarding switching over autos from petrol/diesel to LPG. No permit is being granted by this office to the petro/diesel run auto rickshaws.UT is also checking illegal plying of autos from neighbouring states. Parents of school going children have been asked not to send their wards in auto rickshaws which are over loaded and carry children more than the prescribed capacity which is 5 in the case of children and 3 in case of Adult. Over capacity auto rickshaws may risk the safety of school going children. Also the over capacity of students in school buses will not be tolerated.Buses having contract carriage permits are also picking and dropping up the passengers from some points illegally in the city during odd hours. This Press Note may be treated as a notice for them for immediately stopping their illegal operation in the city.A move for checking driving schools and pollution check centers have been started for good quality of driving and to make city beautiful a smoke free city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16273004", "title": "FIR against BJP general secretary for fraud", "text": "JAIPUR: An FIR was registered in Udaipur city on Tuesday against Bharatiya Janta Party general secretary and sitting legislator Kiran Maheshwari , her husband and 28 others on charges of fraud, police said.Maheshwari has been accused of defrauding an Udaipur-based man by giving him false information about a woman and luring him into marrying her, they added.According to police, the case has been registered by Dipak Tapadia, a resident of Bada Bazaar area in Udaipur, some 400 km from Jaipur.\"Tapadia claims that Maheshwari and her husband Satyanarayan Maheshwari introduced her to Priyali Rathi belonging to Mumbai. He also alleges that both acted as mediators in his marriage to Priyali on June 8, 2008,\" said Ghantaghar police station in-charge Shankar Lal.Dipak claimed that he came to know later that Priyali already had a child.\"He says the politician also did not disclose that the girl was her niece. The information regarding the girl's parents was also false,\" said the officer.He added that the allegations are being verified.\"Tapadia has accused 28 other people who participated in his wedding,\" said the officer. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274675", "title": "Land survey to get tech edge", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Land survey and settlement in the state is going to become hi-tech. The Assembly passed the Odisha Special Survey and Settlement Bill, 2012, on Tuesday after debating it for four days. The Bill states that it shall be deemed to come into force on July 12, 2012. According to the proposed legislation, \"survey of a revenue village may be carried out by applying modern technology inclusive of base mapping, demarcation and ground realities as per the prescribed procedure\".Revenue minister S N Patro said the use of modern technology in land survey and settlement operations had become imperative as the traditional methods were cumbersome. Official sources said the new land survey and settlement methods will be based on satellite imaging, aerial photography and differential global positioning system (DGPS) and electronic total station (ETS). \"The new system will be much less time consuming and more accurate compared to the conventional plain table approach,\" said a senior revenue department officer.Official sources said the Union ministry of rural development under its National Land Records Management Programme shall be extending financial assistance to the state government to implement the new system for survey and settlement. The new system could involve either satellite imaging along with ground checking through DGPS or ETS or aerial photography followed by ground measurement through DGPS or ETS, sources added.The state government has earlier his year captured satellite data of land in four districts and also undertaken a pilot project on DGPS at Giriangaput village under Bhubaneswar tahsil. \"We are planning to do a pilot project of land survey based on aerial photography. Based on findings of the different methods, the government will decide on how to go about the task,\" an officer informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16277817", "title": "Promoting fisheries improves food security in MP", "text": "BHOPAL: With an endevour to enhance food security and improved access and availability of food the the Madhya Pradesh government has set in various welfare schemes for fishermen. According to government fish production has witnessed rapid and constant improvement.Capacity support provided to enhance food production at national and household level has meant that on one hand, new schemes have been launched for fishermen's welfare and on the other hand fish production has been started in Rajghat and other reservoirs as well as other places.From April to July last year, 1841.50 lakh tonne spawns were produced whereas production increased by 54.69 percent to 2187.75 lakh tonnes this year. Standard fry's production was to the tune of only 13,000 tonnes whereas its production has increased to 18.47 lakh tonnes this year. Percentage of collection of fish seeds was 0.01 from April to July last year. It has been increased to 0.07 percent this year.Progress of Fishermen's Welfare Schemes was also outstanding. In the first four months of the current fiscal, 2,939 fishermen have availed benefit of Accident Insurance Scheme. Similarly, large number of fishermen and their families are being benefited by Janshri and Jaldeep Yojna.Similarly, fish production in the first four months of the current fiscal was 26 percent more than the corresponding period last year. Last year, 763.470 tonnes of fish was produced while this quantum has increased to 961.954 tonnes this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16273455", "title": "Lohardaga DC hails teachers for creating good humans", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A teacher instils values in a student to help him become an educated man. Teachers are therefore respected everywhere, said deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar while addressing Teachers' Day programme in Sanctuary for Education Nurture (SEN), a premiere school in town.He said parents were called first teachers of a child but some of the great books have put teachers on a higher pedestal than parents. The DC asked students to think of the country first.Kumar requested the teachers to give value-based education to the students to help build their characters along with text books.The DC distributed prizes among students of the school that has recently been shifted to a new building at Mahadeo Toli. A colorful cultural show was presented by the students to mark the day. A skit on unity presented by students attracted all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16273494", "title": "Rain, rally mar Teachers' Day celebrations", "text": "BOKARO: Bringing the Teacher's Day celebrations to a halt, rain and para teachers strike dampened the spirit of celebration in many of the mini primary government schools in rural areas. In the urban areas, however, the day was celebrated with great enthusiasm. Children of government schools, especially those situated in Maoist zones like Gomia and Nawadih block remained absent on Wednesday. Due to heavy rains which lashed the city since Tuesday and the ongoing strike of para-teachers, Teacher's Day was not celebrated with the same fervour as last year in mini primary schools (MPS). There are 1,764 government schools comprising middle and primary ones in the district. Of them, 911 are MPS and are run by para teachers. Out of 4,624 para teachers in the district, 4,177 are on strike. There are 1.70 lakh children in the district to whom mid-day meal is served everyday. \"The para teacher's strike has affected the mid-day meal programme in many government schools of the district as well,\" sources said.There are 161 MPS in Gomia, which is one of the worst Maoists-affected block of the district. Schools here also recorded poor attendance of students on Wednesday. Though the district education department deployed government teachers after MPS para teachers went on strike, it has not solved the crisis completely.Another Maoist prone area, Nawadih block has 135 MPS. Most of them wore a deserted look in the absence of para teachers. However, DSE, Bokaro, Purender Vikram Sahi said, \"Barring a few, Teacher's Day was celebrated in all the government schools in the district. Teachers have been deputed in MPS and they are running the school efficiently. It could be because of rains that many students didn't come on Wednesday.\"Bokaro township witnessed a series of functions honouring school teachers for their valuable contributions. Students, teachers and principals of almost all the schools celebrated Teacher's Day, which happens to mark the birthday of Dr Sarvpalli Radhakrishan, with great interest.The chief executive officer (CEO) of Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL), Anutosh Maitra awarded 25 teachers of different BSL-run- schools with Siksha Siromani Puruskar. Maitra praised the noble work done by teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16272893", "title": "Govt &amp; activists to discuss auto, taxi fare hike today", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when it is finalizing fare hikes for autos and taxis in Mumbai, the state government has come up with a new plan. It has decided to hold direct talks with commuters' associations, consumer activists and unions in the next few days before taking a final call on fare revision. The first such discussion with consumer groups is scheduled at Mantralaya on Thursday.Sources said that the government wants a \"mutually acceptable\" formula, but there seems to be little meeting ground between the commuter groups and auto/taxi unions. The union leaders seem to be satisfied with a fare hike of Rs 3-as suggested by the Hakim committee report which was made public recently. But consumer activists, who represent lakhs of commuters in the MMR, are strongly against a single paise hike in fares.A consumer activist said that the fare hike, likely to be announced this month, was uncalled for as the quality of service provided by auto and taxi drivers was below standard and did not merit a hike. The activist, who did not wish to be identified, said, \"Let the drivers get a hike only if they stop refusals, meter tampering and behave properly with commuters, especially women and senior citizens. First, you give bad service to passengers and then expect us to pay you a premium fare. This is ridiculous.\"If the Hakim committee recommendations are accepted by the government and fares are hiked, the minimum fare for autos would go up from Rs 12 to Rs 15. Similarly, the basic fare for a black-and-yellow taxi most of which are old Padmini cab models in tattered condition would be hiked from Rs 17 to Rs 20.But the Hakim formula for autos/taxis is now being challenged by Mumbai Grahak Panchayat. Shirish Deshpande of MGP said, \"Our calculations show that the fare should be less by a rupee.\"* Issue 2 lakh new permits for autos in Mumbai* Give preference for new permits to existing drivers with badges so that they can be self-employed* Social costs such as pension, retirement benefits and medical insurance for drivers should be given by state government* Revive the old auto and taxi stands. The union has demanded that at least 1,200 new taxi stands should be created* Create better parking lots and good road conditions for autos and taxis. Also, ensure that the gas supplied by CNG is pure and not \"rich\" (heavy) gas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273865", "title": "UP Congress headquarters gear up to welcome new occupant", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nearly a week before Nirmal Khatri's official welcome into the UPCC office, the Congress party's state headquarters is already wearing a festive look. Though senior party functionary and CLP leader Pradeep Mathur formally announced that there will be no road shows or festivities organised to welcome Khatri, local leaders are making up for low-key celebrations by putting up a bigger show within the party office.On Wednesday, massive arrangements to welcome Khatri were already in place. Since posters to welcome the new UPCC chief have already been placed outside the party office, there isn't much that remains to be done. Mathur said, \"After a long time, the Congress will have a chief who does not owe his allegiance to any pressure groups within the party. This is a welcome move by the party high command. Under Khatri's leadership, we will show the opposition parties that the Congress is not the one to lie low and rarely react on key issues. Congress workers will also raise issues, reply to allegations and take to the streets, soon.\"Congress' state leadership also hit out at the Bharatiya Janata Party for blocking any discussions on Coalgate. \"They do not want any debate or discussion; instead, they are only blocking the Parliament's proceedings,\" Mathur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273389", "title": "Khushboo Gujarat ki, industrialization fail to bring business for hotels", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat government's initiatives to bring in investments and tourists to the state have definitely not benefitted the hotel industry. Hotel occupancy rates have dipped by almost 15 per cent this year as compared to the previous year. According to the Federation of Hotel &amp; Restaurant Associations of India (FHRAI), hotel occupancy rates have fallen to 52 per cent in 2011-12 as compared to 67.6 per cent in 2010-11.Gujarat chair of Federation of Hotel &amp; Restaurant Associations of India (FHRAI) Nirav Gandhi attributes the dip to oversupply of rooms vis-a-vis short inflow of pleasure and business travellers. \"The hotel industry in Gujarat has taken a beating from the first quarter this year. Due to slowdown in Europe and the US, there are fewer tourists and business travellers. Indian corporate executives are visiting the state but with airlines offering many options, they fly out the same day. Besides, Gujarat is yet to become a tourist destination,\" said Gandhi.Director of The Grand Bhagwati Devanand Somani said, \"The increase in room inventory due to new hotels cropping up has squared off the demand that was expected from the increase in industrialization and tourism.\"Similarly, St Laurn Tower Ahmedabad's executive assistant manager Divyanshu Sharma said that the occupancy rates have not seen a rise in the last two years. ITC's group hotel Fortune Landmark sees only 20 per cent of its occupants being foreign tourists or corporates, said Umesh Tiwari, general manager of the property.Gujarat government's principal secretary for tourism and civil aviation Vipul Mittra said that the 'Khushboo Gujarat Ki' campaign promoted by Amitabh Bachchan has resulted in an increase of 50 lakh in the number of tourists coming to the state in the last two years. From 1.73 crore tourists in 2009-2010, the number has gone up to 2.23 crore at present.However, the number of rooms too has shot up substantially. There are total 64,000 rooms in the state today as compared to 48,000 in 2010. \"This has been the highest increase in tourists for any state. Considering the inflow of tourists, total number of hotel rooms in the state is expected to go up to 1 lakh by 2017,\" Mittra said.According to FHRAI, close to 2,000 additional rooms will be added this year in the city alone, with over eight hotels opening up during the next six months. \"The additional rooms will result in stagnation in renting rates. The hotels are compensating the 10 per cent loss in occupancy and revenues with banquets and restaurants. Business is shifting from expensive hotels to budget hotels up to 15 per cent,\" Gandhi said.With the rising room inventory putting more pressure on the industry, some hotels are customizing services to attract more customers. \"As Japanese and Chinese companies are setting up projects in the state, we have customized our menu to include Asian and other oriental food,\" said Rahul Maini, director-operations for Courtyard by Marriott in Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274790", "title": "SC/ST teaching slots in central universities lie vacant", "text": "NEW DELHI: The HRD ministry has overwhelmingly supported the proposed Bill that seeks to give reservation to SC/ST employees in promotion. But the scenario in HRD's own backyard is anything but enthusiastic.Just over 32% of sanctioned teaching posts for SCs and 41.8% for STs in 40 central universities are occupied. This includes premier institutions like the Delhi University , Jawaharlal Nehru University, Aligarh Muslim University and University of Hyderabad. Vacancies exist in all three categories \u2014 assistant professor, associate professor and professor.Ironically, in central varsities, central government-run deemed universities and colleges, not only there are reservation for SCs/STs for direct recruitment, but also in promotion. JNU was the last central varsity to agree to give reservation in promotion. Only IITs and IIMs have been exempted from grant of reservation in promotion.On the face of it, the ministry claims it has done everything possible to improve the situation. Its effort includes writing regular letters to central varsities and other institutions to launch special drives to fill the backlog vacancies for SCs/STs.The regulator, UGC, shows its 2006 guidelines for strict implementation of reservation policy in central government institutions. UGC also told universities not to indulge in the practice of creating department-wise cadres which tends to create single posts with artificially reduced number of posts to avoid reservation. \"Initially, many universities protested against quota in promotion but eventually fell in line,\" a ministry official says.Rajya Sabha MP Bhalchandra Mungekar, who was actively involved in formulation of UGC's 2006 regulation, counters the ministry's claim. \"The basic problem is that central universities are not following UGC's guideline. Reservation in direct recruitment is being flouted,\" he says. Another senior universities says, \"If vacancies at the entry level are not filled, it would adversely affect the overall picture. Reservation in promotion would not help and vacancies would still remain.\"While JNU has worked out a process of quota in promotion at the level of associate professor, DU is yet to form anything concrete. A section within JNU say diluting quality for promotion would have long-term impact. System of affiliated colleges in DU makes it difficult to put in place a system of reservation in promotion, says a senior DU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16273484", "title": "Students turn to AIDS helpline for guidance", "text": "RANCHI: The tollfree number of the Jharkhand State Aids Control Society - 1097 - which deals with HIV/AIDS-related queries, receive around eight to 10 calls a day, mostly from boys.The callers are most of the time college students. \"Everyday, we get many calls. It's good that we receive calls from the college students because they are the ones who are more vulnerable and need to be cautious. The queries mostly are related with 'unsafe sex'. After receiving so many calls, I have noticed that these students are very much aware about HIV/AIDS and how it happens. But their focus is to know about the post phase situation,\" said the counsellor preferring anonymity.The queries are of different nature. \"When a person is tested for this, he or she has to undergo one test initially and another test three months later as the virus is not detected instantly. It's during this period the callers remain anxious and call up for help. They need proper counselling then,\" said the counsellor.Besides the tollfree number, there are two numbers - 0651-2210382 and 0651-2210389 - where the callers frequently call up to share their problems. There are some cases where the person has not been tested positive and still the fear is their in the mind.The counsellor said they received only calls from boys that shouldn't mean the girls did not have any problem. Usually, the girls don't want to talk about their problems. \"This is a helpline which I think everybody should use and sort out their problems rather than taking some extreme steps like suicide. Girls need to come out boldly and ask questions and live a healthy life,\" the counselor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16273506", "title": "Five criminals arrested", "text": "RANCHI: The district police on Wednesday arrested five criminals and recovered one four wheeler and a motorcycle from their possession. SSP Saket Kumar Singh said that all the arrested have criminal record and were involved in cases of robbery, extortion and murder. \"The criminals confessed their crime during preliminary interrogation. We have forwarded them to judicial custody,\" SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "16273599", "title": "Miscreants shoot at bus conductor in Faizabad", "text": "FAIZABAD: Unidentified gunmen shot dead the conductor of UP roadways bus in intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday. After firing from point blank range on bus conductor Shyam Lal Gupta (27), the attackers looted his bag having cash and the ticket machine. Seriously injured bus conductor was referred to Trauma centre from Faizabad district hospital where he succumbed to his injuries.This shootout took place at Faizabad bus station, which is adjacent to the office of Faizabad senior superintendent of police and also very near to civil lines police outpost.According to Jai Prakash Gaur, the driver of the bus, after he parked the bus in front of bus station he heard loud sound of fire arm inside the bus, as he turned he saw the conductor was being shot by the bullet and his cash bag and ticket machine was missing, he immediately informed the police about the incident. Police say that they are investigating the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272586", "title": "Teacher goes missing, bloodstains only clue", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 37-year-old English tutor, who runs a coaching centre near Narela, went missing from the institute under mysterious circumstances in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Some bloodstains were found inside his room and the playground adjacent to the centre. However, Ashish's family hadn't received any ransom call or threat till late night.Ashish's Swantantra Nagar house is a stone's throw away from his centre, St Stephens English Speaking and Coaching Institute, said his relative Dipak. \"On Tuesday, six youths had a long discussion with Ashish about a special training module for an upcoming competitive exam. Ashish had told them to deposit Rs 5,000 as the first installment of the fee, asking them to contact him on Wednesday morning,\" said Dipak. Cops are trying to find out the identity of these youths.Ashish had left home for the institute around 4am. \"His wife, Renu, reached there at 6.30am with breakfast. However, she was surprised to find Ashish missing. Even his students couldn't be seen. Sensing that something was amiss, she called the cops. We found bloodstains inside the room and at the playground near the institute. We contacted some other teachers in the area but couldn't trace Ashish. A case of kidnapping has been registered,\" said M A Rizvi, additional DCP (outer).Forensic experts were called in to collect blood samples. \"Ashish's call details are being scanned. We have information that he had recently been warned to end his friendship with a woman colleague. This could be a case of personal enmity. We are probing all angles. We will be questioning a few teachers and students,\" said an investigating officer.Family members of Ashish said they were fearing the worst. \"Anything could have happened to him. We want police to act immediately\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273303", "title": "Govt not bound to recognize unaided schools: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has ruled that states were not duty bound to grant recognition to unaided schools, even if it had adequate infrastructure and teaching staff, as indiscriminate recognition to unaided schools was fraught with the danger of favouritism playing a role in it.A bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra overruled a Kerala High Court judgment, which had mandated that a state government had to grant recognition to an unaided self-financed English medium school after it found that the school met requisite conditions laid down by the education department.Justice Radhakrishnan, writing the judgment for the bench, said even if it was made compulsory for the state to recognize an unaided school after it satisfied stipulated requirements, it was bound to provide scope for arbitrariness, favouritism and would also affect the functioning of other recognized schools in the locality.The bench said procedure for grant of recognition could never be overlooked. Explaining the cascading effect of grant of recognition, it said, \"The state spends large amounts by way of aid, grant etc for running schools in the aided sector as well as state-owned schools. Indiscriminate grant of recognition to schools in the unaided sector may have an adverse effect on the state-owned schools as well as the existing schools in the aided sector, by way of division fall, retrenchment of teachers etc.\"However, it did not disturb the grant of recognition to Bentham English Medium School at Attappady in Palakkad district on finding that its case had also been recommended by the local body and it had enrolled a large number of students in a tribal area.Agreeing to consider this school's case as a special one, the bench clarified, \"We make it clear that this order (of sustaining recognition to Bentham School) shall not be treated as a precedent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16275222", "title": "BRT can't be allowed to become a free-for-all", "text": "The authorities cannot just wash their hands of the BRT corridor because the court has asked them to do away with the traffic segregation they had put in place earlier. If the contention is that DIMTS, the agency that was overseeing the BRT, no longer has a role, then the traffic police must be asked to take over the stretch to ensure that traffic going in opposite directions does not get mixed up in the same carriageway. It can't be allowed to become a free-for-all.This hands-off approach smacks of a government that is sulking at not being allowed to have its way.Related story : After HC order on mixed traffic, BRT no one's baby", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16275298", "title": "Future sound for grads of healthcare management", "text": "Mangalore: There is need for healthcare management (HCM) graduates in health sector, but not many people are aware of it. TA Pai Management Institute (TAPMI), situated in Manipal is the only institute in undivided Dakshina Kannada district, which has been offering two-year Postgraduate (PG) Diploma in HCM course since 2010. Demand for this course is gradually catching up, though intake for PGDHCM course offered by TAPMI is 60. For its pilot batch, only 12 students took up admissions, while 16 students joined this course in 2011. This academic year 24 students have joined. There is a general perception that PG management courses are pursued only by commerce, management and engineering graduates, but interestingly most PGHCM aspirants are MBBS, biotechnology, biomedical, pharmacy and physiotherapy graduates. TAPMI admissions chairman Chowdari Prasad told TOI that there is huge demand for HCM graduates since there is huge demand for professionals in hospitals and healthcare sectors in the US and India. Even governments have started giving importance to the health sector in budgets. Though there is an enormous need for HCM graduates only a dozen of institutes are offering PGHCM courses in India, he said. Apart from subjects related to management, students will also be exposed to subjects like healthcare law, health informatics, marketing research in healthcare, alternate systems and practices of medical systems and few other healthcare related subjects. Students have to do a compulsory eight-month internship in hospitals, pharmaceutical or in other companies related to healthcare. However Manipal Institute of Management (MIM) started offering HCM as a specialization subject for MBA course many years ago, where students have an option of taking HCM as specialization subject in final year of MBA, but MIM is not getting a good response for this. MIM director P Ramakrishna Chadaga says of the 120 students every year, around 20 to 25 students choose HCM as specialization subject. Though there is huge demand for HCM graduates, people have not realized its scope. \"Health sector is growing and sky is the limit to build career for HCM graduates,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16274946", "title": "Govt fails to control unauthorized cellphone towers in Shimla", "text": "SHIMLA: The government has failed to regulate mushrooming of cellphone towers across the urban landscape. Of the 535 towers erected in Shimla and in other cities or towns, 184 are illegal, said sources.With no policy laid out, the 2006 guidelines for putting up the towers have proved inadequate and have led to angst against telephony companies, especially those installed in crowded residential colonies. There are about 152 towers in Shimla, many of them in residential areas that are unauthorized, according to government records. \"While no mobile operator is willing to acknowledge the health hazards that radiation emitted from these towers poses, insiders are aware of it,\" said Narender, an ex-employee of a leading cellphone company.Suffering from ill health due to presence of a large number of towers close to his farmhouse, K Fazal, a resident of Kotgarh, said, \"I am trying to relocate since these cellphone towers have affected my health badly.\"However, urban development minister Mohinder Singh refuted senior Congress leader Kaul Singh Thakur's contention about these towers that these were a threat to human health by stating that it was still \"an unsolved issue as there was no proof regarding the bad affects of the technology.\"On action taken against the illegality of putting up towers without authorization, Mohinder said that notices had been issued to remove four towers of BSNL, Vodafone, Aircel and Reliance. Interestingly, to decongest the hills from ever-increasing number of phone towers, the government in October 2010 had announced plans of exploring possibility of replacing the towers with environment-friendly tower tube systems, something that has remained paper only on paper.Envisaging benefits of the tower tube system, chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , after seeing a presentation on the new technology, had stated that it was environment-friendly and had capability to provide service to a large number of users, using renewable solar and wind energy for running its operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273721", "title": "Govt-aided school struggles with one room, 120 students", "text": "KOLKATA: Cramped inside a single room on an elevated pavement, over 100 students' future still hangs in balance and so does the fate of this government-aided school.Meet Ram Avatar Ram and his band of teachers at 'Shramik Shishu Primary School', situated on the premises of NRS Medical College and Hospital. It has been functioning for 62 years hoping for a change, which now looks a distant dream. stuck in the tangle of health and education department.Ram is on the verge of retirement after serving the ramshackle school for 40 years. He had studied in this school and is still fighting for quality classrooms where enthusiastic children from underprivileged families can study.\"In 1981, this Hindi primary school was brought under the ambit of government-sponsored schools by the Left Front government. But things came to a standstill for the school after that. I have been teaching almost 120 students of four different classes in a single room for last twenty five years,\" said Ram, a senior teacher, who had also studied in the same school in 1959.With the change of guard at the Writers' Buildings, this government sponsored school 'Shramik Shishu Primary School' on the NRS Medical College campus housing four classes inside one room ,is hoping against hopes to feel the winds of change. School teachers are now upbeat again, with the authorities promising a new building for them. According to the school teachers, it was started by a social organization in 1950 to provide educational support to the children of menial staffers of the hospital.Shramik Shishu Primary School is a government sponsored Hindi primary school, situated inside NRS medical college and hospital campus from 1950. The school has five classes housing minimum 120 students under one single roof for the last twenty five years.\"We are paid by state government, but the kids are forced to study in a room on the elevated pavement adjacent to the college. We feel sorry for them,\" to crowd these enthusiastic kids in this cramped room,\"said another teacher Shib Shankar Prasad.The school has four official classes - from first to fourth standard - and another extra class for nursery students. Teachers informed that on an average, ninety students attend classes on a daily basis. the attendance is ninety and the total numbers of students are 120.Till 2011, the school had only three teachers. Two young teachers were recruited in 2011 after the new government was sworn in.\"Earlier, we had pleaded before the hospital authorities to arrange for a better place, but our requests fell on deaf ears. The principal of the medical college had assured us of five rooms and a teachers' room in the new building, but nothing has happened so far,\" said Ram, who is set to retire in 2013. According to him, they are writing a letter to the Union minister of state for health, Sudip Bandyopadhyay, seeking his intervention into the matter.\"I shall retire in March 2013 after serving for almost forty years. Now, we are writing a letter to union minister of health Sudip Bandyopadhyay praying for his intervention for a better school building,\" added Ram\"We are still hoping that we shall succeed in ushering a new dawn for these enthusiastic children who are future of our country,\" said Sumitra Goswami, another senior teacher.It seems students like Aman Mullick, Mamta Kumari and Anish Singh have adjusted themselves with the this unique ambience . \"Our teachers are very good and we like coming to the school. It is such a fun studying with all around,\" said Mamta Kumari of second standard. Similarly, Sonu Kumar of fourth standard enjoys the classes too. \"The classes are sometimes held under the open sky but we all enjoy the class. I like Hindi and Math classes. Only during rainy season we all have to be inside one single room,\" said Sonu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16274076", "title": "Patna University teachers observe \u2018Black Day\u2019", "text": "PATNA: Even as the nation celebrated Teachers' Day with all enthusiasm on Wednesday, Patna University (PU) teachers observed the day as 'Black Day' in protest against ever-increasing rowdyism on the campus and the reported apathy of the state's administrative machinery. The call for this action programme was given by the Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta).PU teachers attended to their duties as usual but wore black badges on their sleeves to lodge their protest against the reign of terror let loose by a section of so-called student leaders.A section of students also staged demonstration before the PU authorities and shouted anti-VC slogans at Darbhanga House when PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh reached there to address a function organized by the students of journalism and mass communications course on the occasion of Teachers' Day. The agitating students abused the PU officials and created road blockade near Darbhanga House in support of their demands.Later, addressing a function organized by the PU on the occasion of Teachers' Day at Wheeler Senate House, the VC said that it is unfortunate that teachers were wearing black badges on this auspicious day. Teachers can work only in a fear-free and peaceful environment and, hence, the university is striving hard to create an atmosphere conducive to the growth of academic activities, he said.Singh observed that PU teachers are relatively a better stuff compared to those of other universities, but they need a proper academic environment for better performance. A number of initiatives has been taken recently for raising the academic standard of the university, the VC added.Five senior teachers of the university, namely PU zoology teacher R K Sinha, Magadh Mahila College principal Dolly Sinha, B N College mathematics teacher Bal Gangadhar Prasad, PU geography teacher Karya Nand Paswan and PU Persian department head Gaffar Siddiqui, were given best teacher awards on the occasion.PU students' welfare dean Ezaj Ali Arshad welcomed the guests. PU science faculty dean U K Sinha, social science faculty dean Bharti S Kumar, humanities faculty dean S M Ashok, proctor Kriteshwar Prasad, and B N College principal P K Poddar also spoke on the occasion. PU registrar Vibhas Kumar Yadav proposed the vote of thanks.The Teachers' Day was also celebrated by the students of PU geology department. The students of Sri Arvind Mahila College organized a grand cultural function to celebrate the day.PU teachers attended to their duties but wore black badges on their sleeves to lodge their protest against the so called student leaders. A section of students staged demonstration before the PU authorities and shouted anti-VC slogans", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16272868", "title": "Online application for Section 90A yet to be functional", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite implementation of Section 90A of the Land Revenue Act 1956, the provision for applying online under the section is yet to be operationalized. The state government had made provisions for applying online under the section without putting proper infrastructure in place. The act which came into operation in the state from June replacing the old disputed Section 90B.Under the section, e-application was included in the rules with an aim to make the process of land conversion swift, transparent and quick. However, the government has failed in even getting software for the sanctioning authorities, manpower and systems to ensure its smooth run. The urban development and housing department has written a letter to the department of information and technology for providing them the necessary infrastructure.Through the online application facilitates, applicants were supposed to apply for the land conversion by just sitting at home. The process also allows paying fees though credit and debit cards.\"We haven't started the online provision so far because of the lack of necessary infrastructure. Those which have it, like Jaipur Development Authority, could take applications through this facility while for other UITs it will take some time,\" an official said.So far the authorities have received very negligible application through online. The uncertainty over the functioning of the online mechanism has kept the applicants away from it. \"We have included the provision of online application keeping in mind the scenario after four to five years. It will take time for people to be aware about this facility and for us also, it will take some to acquaint with,\" the official added.Those who have availed online facility said they are satisfied with it. Gopal Das Gupta, a member of Rajasthan Builders' Association, said, \"After the new system, we need not go from door-to-door for land conversion and can apply from home itself. There will be one time application and the processing fee can be paid online. All plots that are available will be put in public domain so that they can know before hand which land is available for land conversion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16271546", "title": "New Sangma party yet to get opposition status in Meghalaya house", "text": "SHILLONG: Though majority of the opposition legislators of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) have recently \"merged\" with the National People's Party (NPP) under the direction of their mentor Purno A'gitok Sangma, they, ironically, continued to 'technically\" represent the NCP in the house on the first day of the monsoon session on Wednesday.According to sources, the assembly speaker is yet to formally recognize the \"merger\" of the 12 NCP MLAs with the NPP. Two NCP MLAs, including deputy speaker Sanbor Shullai and Adolf Lu Hitler R Marak, did not join the Sangma bandwagon.The opposition, led by its leader Conrad and James, both sons of P A Sangma , was as vocal as ever in the assembly, targeting chief minister Mukul Sangma on several issues. Purno Sangma had quit the NCP and resigned as the Tura MLA prior to filing his nomination papers for the presidential polls, which he unsuccessfully contested.Meanwhile, chief minister Mukul Sangma introduced the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Bill, 2012 in the house on Wednesday.\"The state government has decided to enact a law for compulsory registration of marriage in the state. Hence the bill,\" the CM said in his statement of object and reasons.Social welfare minister J A Lyngdoh tabled a notification regarding the Meghalaya Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Rules, 2012.Home minister HDR Lyngdoh introduced the Meghalaya Police (Amendment) Bill, 2012, reducing the minimum qualification for recruitment to the post of armed branch constable from the existing requirement of matriculation to \"Class IX passed from a recognized school.\"The amendment was necessitated with a view to addressing the huge unemployment problem in the state and also to ensure that the unemployed youth in the interior areas do not get attracted to militancy and crime, the home minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "16274755", "title": "HC asks Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd to deposit road project funds", "text": "ROURKELA: The Orissa high court has asked Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (MCL) to deposit money with the state government for construction of a four-lane road in Sundargarh district, at the earliest. MCL operates a large open cast mine in Vasundhara area of the district. For facilitating coal transport, hundreds of trucks ply in the coal mine areas of Vasundhara and Garjan Bahal everyday. A 33-km two-lane road connecting Banki Bahal to Bheda Bahal was constructed by MCL, a long time ago.After increase in mining activities and many sponge iron companies becoming operational in the district, 2,500 trucks ply on the road on an average everyday. In view of this, locals have demanded expansion of the two-lane road into four-lane.MCL has given verbal assurances for constructing the road on a number of occasions, but has not taken any initiative. The matter was raised in the Rehabilitation and Peripheral Development Advisory Committee ( RPDAC) meeting on February 11, 2011, which was chaired by the Sundargarh collector. It was decided that MCL would deposit Rs. 8.81 crore with the works department of the state government for completing the survey and planning of the proposed road. But, the MCL authorities have not deposited the money since. A group of local residents then filed a PIL in the Orissa high court in this matter.A senior MCL official said on condition of anonymity, \"The MCL is committed to developing its peripheral areas, and accordingly we had agreed for the construction of the four-lane road. The funds for the survey work was not released owing to some problem, but now, after the court order, we will complete the formalities at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273921", "title": "CBI should be independent, Salve tells Lokpal panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI should be given an independent status rather than functioning under a Lokpal as the agency's functioning can be influenced by the anti-corruption ombudsman assessing the bureau at all levels, well-known lawyer Harish Salve told a parliamentary panel on Wednesday.Salve told the select committee set up to examine the Lokpal bill that the ombudsman being given sweeping powers raises the question of who will police the policeman. If the Lokpal were to oversee and even assess the CBI's career and promotion record, the agency might become hamstrung.The lawyer said provisions of the Lokpal overseeing the prosecution may end up giving a handle that will force CBI to eschew an independent process and is contrary to rulings that an investigation is the prerogative of the officer conducting a probe.It was pointed out that under the proposed law's provisions, a complaint has to be investigated unlike in the case of a court that can decide whether there is merit in a plea. The issue of a complaint being made public was also raised as it was argued by Salve that it needed to be decided that at what stage of an inquiry will a petition be released to the public.Both Salve and PRS Legislative Research that also briefed the panel on Wednesday, raised concerns over including the prime minister in the Lokpal's ambit, even with exceptions. Salve said the PM needed some protection from motivated complaints and could not be compared to a chief minister.PRS said exclusions on grounds like foreign affairs, atomic energy and national security needed closer definition. The PM could be made exempt but a minister put in-charge of such responsibilities may not enjoy such benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16274743", "title": "Succour for cancer patient", "text": "KEONJHAR: The Keonjhar administration has expedited steps to release funds for the treatment of a cancer patient admitted to the Acharya Harihara Regional Cancer Centre ( AHRCC), Cuttack. The move came after three minor daughters of Rina Sethy (32) of Keonjhar's Naigan village moved the district collector's grievance cell on Saturday.Rina was diagnosed with stomach ache last year and treated at Keonjhar district headquarters hospital. She was admitted to the cancer hospital on August 20, 2012, after she suffered from severe stomach ache and operated upon for stomach cancer free of cost. The administration had provided Rs 1,000 as travelling expenses to Rina to go to Cuttack. Now she requires money for her post-operative care.\"We are from a poor family. We have already spent more than Rs 30,000 on her treatment. The doctor attending to her has told us that her treatment would cost us Rs 60,000. But we could not arrange the amount. Hence he went with the children to the collector's grievance cell for help,\" said Sukadev Sethy, Rina's brother. \"Our mother is suffering from cancer. We have no money for her treatment. She will die if we fail to arrange money. We requested the collector for support,\" said Jhumi Sethy (12).But the patient cannot get funds for her treatment as the cancer hospital is yet to give her expenditure report. Rina's husband, Biswambar Sethy, is suffering from a mental disease. No one is there in her family except her brother to take care of family. \"I have to look after my old parents, my wife and two children along with my widowed sister-in-law and her child. All this I have to do from my daily-wage. The administration should help my sister and her family,\" Sukadev said. \"But thankfully the collector assured to do the needful so that funds are released for Rina at the earliest. He has also ordered free education for her children,\" Sukadev added.Additional district magistrate (Keonjhar) B K Nayak said, \"The collector has already ordered immediate help for the cancer patient. We are taking steps to sanction the funds fast.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272282", "title": "\u2018Flaws\u2019 in NET papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The dean of Arts Faculty, DU has written a letter to UGC saying that a committee, which studied the UGC National Eligibility Test 2012 questions and answer keys for philosophy, found \"serious anomalies\" and suggested suspension of the evaluation process till the mistakes are rectified and publicly announced.According to the letter (a copy of which is with TOI) the dean received a number of representations from the candidates, who appeared for the NET exam, informing him that a number of questions were ambiguous and a large number of answers given in the answer key by the UGC were totally wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "istanbul (turkey)", "code": "16277729", "title": "Indian eves crush Vietnam to jump to joint second spot", "text": "ISTANBUL (TURKEY): Former Asian queen Tania Sachdev continued with her dream run as Indian eves roared back to medal contention with an easy 2.5-1.5 triumph over Vietnam in the eighth round of the Women's chess Olympiad.Tania scored her seventh victory in eight games, which currently stands amongst the best performances in the Olympiad. The Delhi-based worked hard with back-to-back training camps before coming to Istanbul and the result seems a just reward.Thanks to another win, the Indian women now find themselves within striking distance of a medal.The eves jumped to joint second spot after China defeated Poland by a 3-1 margin on the top board and reached 14 points out of a possible sixteen.Indian team is sharing the second spot with Russia, France and Uzbekistan on 13 points each and a big test awaits the ladies when they meet second seed Russia in the next round.The Indians lost to China, conceded a lone draw to Serbia besides winning six matches so far.On the top board, D Harika played out a draw with Pham Le Thao Nguyen after surviving a difficult position. On the second board, the form of Eesha Karavade remained a cause of concern for the Indians as she lost to Nguyen Thi Mai Hung.Tania delivered the goods on the third board as black against Le Kieu Thien Kim, while national women's champion Mary Ann Gomes chipped in by beating Pham Bich Ngoc on the fourth board to complete an Indian triumph.With just three more rounds to go, the Indians would be hoping for a decent result on Friday before they can put in their best effort in the last two rounds.In the open section, the Indian men missed the thread once again and were held to a 2-2 draw by Serbia.Often reliable, Krishnan Sasikiran lost on the top board and the efforts of G N Gopal on the fourth board only salvaged the day as Parimarjan Negi spoiled yet another good position.On a day when National champion Abhijeet Gupta was rested, Sasikiran went down to Ivan Ivanesevic on the top board as white, which turned out to be the damper from Indian perspective.P Harikrishna could do little and took a draw with Milos Perunovic on the second board and Parimarjan Negi was held to a draw by Nikola Sedlak who survived by the skin of his teeth.All was left to Gopal, who had been playing the 'reserved' in the last four matches, and the Kerala Grandmaster came up with his best to ensure that the hunt for a good finish did not end. At least not with three rounds remaining.The Indian men are up against Georgia in the next round and nothing but a victory is needed for them to remain in the hunt.Important results, Round eight open: Russia (15) beat Ukraine (12) 2.5-1.5; China (13) drew with Azerbaijan (12) 2-2; Armenia (3) beat Uzbekistan (11) 2.5-1.5; FYROM (11) lost to USA (13) 1-3; Germany (13) beat Hungary (11) 2.5-1.5; England (11) lost to Philippines (13) 1-3; France (12) beat Cuba (10) 2.5-1.5; India (11) drew with Serbia (11) 2-2 ( K Sasikiran lost to Ivan Ivanisevic; Milos Perunovic drew with P Harikrishna; Parimarjan Negi drew with Nikola Sedlak; Dusan Popovic lost to G N Gopal); Spain (10) lost to Israel (12) 0.5-3.5; Latvia (10) lost to Netherlands (12) 1-3; Romania (10) lost to Argentina (12) 1-3; Croatia (10) lost to Poland (12) 1.5-2.5.Women: Poland (12) lost to China (14) 1-3; Russia (13) drew with Ukraine (11) 2-2; France (13) beat Spain (11) 3-1; Uzbekistan (13) beat Hungary (11) 2.5-1.5; Vietnam (11) lost to India (13) 1.5-2.5 (Pham Le Thao Nguyen drew with D Harika; Eesha Karavade lost to Nguyen Thi Mai Hung; Le Kieu Thien Kim lost to Tania Sachdev; Mary Ann Gomes beat Pham Bich Ngoc); Serbia (11) drew with Georgia (11) 2-2; Philippines (10) lost to USA (12) 0.5-3.5; Armenia (12) beat Romania (10) 3-1; Bulgaria (12) beat Czech Republic (10) 2.5-1.5; Switzerland (10) lost to Kazakhstan (12) 1-3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273473", "title": "Teachers are nation builders: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Describing teachers as \"nation builders'', PM Manmohan Singh on Wednesday said it was their work that mentored children, held build character and prepared them to face larger challenges of life.Speaking to teacher awardees a day earlier, Singh said the government had substantially increased public spending on education since 2004-05.Education expenditure as a percentage of GDP had increased from 3.3% in 2004-05 to 4% in 2011-12. Per capita public expenditure on education had increased from Rs 888 in 2004-05 to Rs 2,985 in 2011-12. The enhanced outlays have helped in a massive expansion of the educational infrastructure and sanction of additional posts of teachers on a large scale, the PM said.He added that this had resulted in significant progress in improving access to education. \"Enrolment of children in primary schools has now reached near-universal levels. The gender gap in elementary education has declined. Simultaneously, there is a significant reduction in socio-economic inequalities in access to education and a narrowing of the gap between SCs/STs, minorities and other social groups,'' Singh said.The PM, however, expressed concern over the poor levels of student learning. \"As we move ahead, we need a clear shift in our strategy from a focus on inputs, access and enrolment to what goes on in the classroom and the school. We need to set up transparent and reliable systems for tracking attendance of children in a truly meaningful way. At the same time, we need to put in place a system of continuous assessment of the benefit our children are getting from their education. Participation of the community and parents would be essential in this process, so that they can be satisfied with the quality of teaching,'' he said, stressing that teachers were critical to these endeavours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272119", "title": "Aarushi murder case: Priest testifies", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI on Wednesday produced priest Kripa Shankar Tripathi, who had conducted the last rites of Aarushi Talwar , at the court. He said that \"a day after the cremation held on May 16, 2008, Dr Rajesh and Nupur Talwar came to him along with other family members and reserved a locker for their daughter's ashes, but took it away within half an hour\".CBI officials said that \"with his testimony, they are trying to prove that Talwars took the ashes from the priest and rushed to Haridwar as they wanted to stay away from the house at the time Hemraj's body was recovered\".Tripathi works as a priest at Antim Niwas, at sector 94 in Noida. He told the court: \"On May 17, 2008, family members came and reserved locker number 9 to keep her ashes. They kept the remains in the locker for just half an hour after which they collected them and went away\".However, defence lawyers said that \"if CBI's claim is true, then there would have been no need to reserve the locker. Initially, there was no plan to take the remains to Haridwar on May 17, 2008, but elders in the family said that ashes should be immersed as soon as possible\".Earlier, former Deputy SP of Noida K K Gautam had informed the court that he had been called by Dr Sushil Chaudhary, a friend of Talwars on May 17, and he went to their residence with him.\"Sushil Choudhary introduced me to Dinesh Talwar. I was told that Rajesh and Nupur Talwar had gone to Haridwar with the remains (after Aarushi's cremation). I asked if we could see the crime scene. Dinesh Talwar took me around the house,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16273227", "title": "Engineer's property attached in bitumen scam", "text": "RANCHI: The CBI on Wednesday attached property of an engineer of the road construction department for his alleged involvement in a case of bitumen scam.A team of CBI attached the property of engineer Vindhyachal Singh in connection with the scam worth Rs 1.24 crore.A sitting Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) MLA, Satyendra Nath Tiwary is already in jail in connection with the case.He was accused of helping Kalawati Construction in withdrawing Rs 1.24 crore by producing 61 fake invoices to show procurement of bitumen for construction of around 30 kilometres long road in Daltongunj division in 2004.The JVM-P legislator is also the director of Kalawati Constructions.\"The case (RC/ 14) was registered against Kalawati construction in 2009. Chargesheet was filed in the case in December, 2010.The engineer was absconding and so his property at Bariyatu area was attached,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16272494", "title": "Delhi-Gurgaon expressway: Commuters hail smooth ride", "text": "GURGAON: Commuters enjoyed a smooth ride on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway on Wednesday. \"It is all thanks to the high court, which has come to the rescue of city residents. I was pleasantly surprised to have crossed the toll plaza in less than a minute today. I wish this continues forever,\" said Santosh Kumar, a commuter.The Punjab and Haryana high court's order barring the expressway operator, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd, from collecting toll, took effect from Tuesday midnight. It will remain in place till the next hearing on September 20.The court is trying to find ways of reducing stoppage time at the toll plaza, where rush-hour queues extend up to three kilometres. The HC had asked the private concessionaire to install five more toll windows on both sides of the toll plaza, but the concessionaire failed to implement the order. The court had even allowed the agency to experiment with other configurations for decongestion.On Wednesday, DGSCL removed its marshals , hired for managing traffic, from the stretch. Traffic cops were seen regulating traffic at Shankar Chowk and the U-turn at the plaza. The toll booths were deserted. In the absence of marshals, bikers took the opportunity to take a wrong-side U-turn to enter the e-way. Pedestrians, whose entry is barred, were hopping from one toll booth to the other to cross the road. A DGSCL spokesperson claimed not all marshals had been taken off. Some were deployed at various points along the expressway.As the court order came into effect from Tuesday midnight, there was some confusion regarding toll collections at the other two DGSCL toll plazas at Kherki Daula and IGI airport. Due to this, motorists had a tough time crossing the Kherki Daula toll plaza where they had to wait for over 20 minutes.\"In the morning, there was some confusion about toll payment. But in the evening, there was a long queue at the plaza and toll was being collected,\" said Himanshu Lohia, an executive who is a daily commuter on the stretch. \"DGSCL consulted the HC on Wednesday to clarify this point. Toll collection is barred only at the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway toll plaza,\" the spokesperson said.The red signals at the Delhi-Gurgaon toll plaza also caused confusion because the light normally indicates the plaza is functional while it wasn't. The operator said boom barriers in all lanes were removed and posters with 'FREE' written on them were put up on each toll lane to make commuters aware well in advance that the toll gates were open.The traffic lights in the lanes, which were initially set to red for safety, were deactivated well before the peak hours, added the spokesperson.During morning peak hours, there was an intermittent jam on the service lane in front of Ambience Mall due to heavy traffic entering Gurgaon from Delhi. DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said this was due to the narrow left turn towards Cyber City. \"Cops were there to manage the situation ,\" Arora said.(Inputs from Shubham Gupta)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273509", "title": "Teacher's Day: Her hard work bore fruits as girls shone", "text": "AHMEDABAD: She represents the quintessential guru who dedicated her life to granting the gift of academics to her pupils.Pushpa Makwana was the principal of MM Kanya Vidyalay at Singarwa near Odhav before she retired in 2004. The school started operating and drawing girls staying in adjoining housing societies and slums in 1976. Most of the students belonged to the lower middle class and their parents are industrial workers and even daily wagers.Makwana joined the school in 1989 and the first change she introduced was to start a hostel in the school campus. She started taking personal interest in the academic performance of each student to upgrade their academic involvement. She also took arithmetic classes in the morning and evening to generate interest in the subject among the children.Makwana's efforts bore fruit as no less than 67 percent of the students, of the 1990 batch, passed class X examinations with flying colours. Since then, there has been no looking back. And, soon the school figured among the top brand of schools, with a cent percent passing percentage.She also used to pay fees of the students whose parents were unable to meet the academic expenses. She started a computer centre in the school where she extended informal financial aid to poor students from her own resources.Makwana is no less than an academic crusader. Unmarried by choice, she dedicated her life to academics. She dealt like a brave-heart with all the hurdles that stood in her path to achieving academic brilliance for her students. \"The students were my family,\" she says. There were many anxious moments for her when aggressive parents of students approached her and demand their daughters be relieved from school to take up jobs and bolster family income. Makwana fought back with reason and logic and managed to convince the parents that academics would provide a much better future.Today, Makwana is 66-years-old and stays in Naroda with her 95-year-old mother. She is however less than happy with the state of affairs now.\"Today teachers seem to have forgotten their duty. They run after money these days with little attention to service. This rot has affected two service-oriented professions \u2014 teaching and medicine,\" said Makwana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16275163", "title": "Is this how our elected representatives should behave?", "text": "This session of Parliament will surely go down as one of the worst in its history. As if losing practically the entire session to disruption was not bad enough, we now have members nearly coming to blows over a piece of legislation. It is particularly tragic that this should happen on a constitutional amendment Bill. The founders of our democracy thought, with good reason, that amending the constitution should be a really serious business, which is why they fixed two-thirds majority as the minimum required to get it done. In contrast, we see today a government that is happy to move such a Bill amidst chaos. And some of those supporting or opposing the Bill would rather use their muscle power than their arguments to settle the issue. If this is how our elected representatives conduct themselves, can they really blame the aam admi for losing his respect for them?Related story : MPs scuffle in RS over promotion quota bill", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "washington/new delhi", "code": "16273396", "title": "US paper criticizes Manmohan Singh, govt furious", "text": "WASHINGTON/NEW DELHI: In yet another episode of PMO vs Press, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's office got into a wrangle with the Washington Post on Wednesday after the US daily published a sharply critical article on the Indian leader, the Congress party and India itself.In a scathing dispatch from New Delhi under the headline \"India's 'silent' prime minister becomes a tragic figure\", the paper's India correspondent Simon Denyer wrote that the ''image of the scrupulously honourable, humble and intellectual technocrat has slowly given way to a completely different one: a dithering, ineffectual bureaucrat presiding over a deeply corrupt government\".Taking umbrage, information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni asked for an apology from the paper for lowering the dignity of the office of the prime minister.''More and more, he has become a tragic figure in our history,'' the article quoted political historian Ramachandra Guha as saying, while describing him as a man fatally handicapped by his ''timidity, complacency and intellectual dishonesty\". Critics are saying the shy, soft-spoken 79-year-old is in danger of going down in history as a failure, it reported.The story evidently rubbed the PMO and the Congress party the wrong way after it was relayed and amplified widely on social media and on television. Taking exception to the scathing language, which essentially came from quotes by critics, I&B; minister Soni demanded an apology from the daily. \"How can a US daily take the matter so lightly and publish something about the prime minister of another country? I will speak to the ministry of external affairs and the government will seek an apology from the daily,\" she said.Government circles mistakenly thought they had received one when the paper's India correspondent Simon Denyer apologized for a technical breakdown of the paper's website that prevented the PMO from rebutting the article.Denyer subsequently rejected the demand for an apology, saying he stood by the story. ''After all, it's mild compared to what is in the Indian press all the time,'' he tweeted. He acknowledged that the article did not have the PM's side of the story but said he had contacted the PMO for an interview and it was repeatedly denied.This is not the first time that the Indian PMO, whether of the Congress party or the opposition BJP, has had problems with foreign journalists and their reporting on the Indian leadership. A recent Time magazine article describing Singh as an ''underachiever'' did not go down well with the PMO.Nearly a decade back, another Time magazine journalist was hounded out after he wrote a piece describing then PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee's failing health and alcohol intake under the headline ''Asleep at the Wheel?'' The NDA response was widely criticized in the media as an overreaction, and the PMO-Washington Post tiff seems to be eliciting the same reaction.Denyer though said in a tweet that ''no threats were issued from their side, no apology was offered from mine. Stand by story\".In fact, the article was critical of not just the prime minister but also the country's overall inertia and decline. ''The story of Singh's dramatic fall from grace in his second term in office and the slow but steady tarnishing of his reputation has played out in parallel with his country's decline on his watch,'' it said.''As India's economy has slowed and as its reputation for rampant corruption has reasserted itself, the idea that the country was on an inexorable road to becoming a global power has increasingly come into question,'' it went on.But the PM was apportioned a major share of the blame. ''Under Singh, economic reforms have stalled, growth has slowed sharply and the rupee has collapsed. But just as damaging to his reputation is the accusation that he looked the other way and remained silent as his cabinet colleagues filled their own pockets,'' Denyer wrote.The story also quoted Singh's former media advisor Sanjaya Baru as saying, ''In the process, he (Singh) transformed himself from an object of respect to one of ridicule and endured the worst period in his life.'' But Baru said Denyer had spoken to him several months ago, did not ask if he could be quoted and had rehashed a quote from an interview in another magazine.Times ViewGovernment's reaction totally uncalled forThe government's reaction to the article in the Washington Post is totally uncalled for. The point is not whether the opinion expressed by the author of the Post article is right or wrong, even if that question means anything. When India's information and broadcasting minister says she will take up the matter officially and demand an apology, it suggests to the world that this is a country where publications are not free to express their views on political leaders. Fortunately, that is not the reality. But it is not just this government but the country which is put in an embarrassing position when such statements are made. If the government feels the Post article is ill-informed or poorly argued, it is free to say so or better still to simply ignore it, but to take it up officially is absurd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273703", "title": "Rooms sold out in Sangam city ahead of Mahakumbh", "text": "LUCKNOW: The desire to be a part of Mahakumbh that books a berth in the heaven has virtually sold out hotels and cottages in the Sangam city.Regional tourist officer, Amit Srivastava informed that all the luxury cottages have been booked on the nine main days (such as Shahi Snaan) and their occupancy rate on other days is over 60% as of now. \"The cottages will see cent percent occupancy for other days January and February by the end before Diwali this year,\" claimed Srivastava. The tourism department sets up some 45 luxury cottages inside the Kumbh Mela site, which are like a hotel room on the banks of the river.Not only this, all the 345 Swiss cottages (suite comprising drawing and bed room and properly constructed and tiled toilets) which are constructed by the state tourism department - Hotel Rahi Triveni Darshan are fully occupied. The cottages are raised along the road to Sangam. They are about two kilometres from the Kumbh Mela site. A person has to shell Rs 6,000 per day for a stay in this cottage and the cost includes fooding as well. \"Queries are pouring in. My cell phone rings all the time and the e-mail inbox is almost flooded,\" admitted DP Singh, manager, UP Tourism Development Corporation hotels in Allahabad.There is hardly any place left in private hotels as well. \"The entire hotel is sold out during the Kumbh period. \"We have bookings from NRIs particularly those living in US and UK. Scores of foreign media has also reserved suites and rooms,\" said Rajeev Shandilya, general manager of a four star luxury hotel in Allahabad. He added that his hotel was in the process of status upgradation as well keeping the Kumbh in mind. \"We would very soon become a five-star hotel,\" he told TOI.Tourism department officials said most of the hotels were preparing themselves to cash upon the mega event. \"We have reports that most of the hotels in the luxury segment are full on main days and they will be solely occupied by the time Kumbh starts. The remaining have deliberately delayed their advance booking keeping in mind the benefits of last minute bookings,\" said RTO Srivastava. It may be noted that the Sangam city has 33 hotels in the luxury category, 60-70 hotels in the budget category and about 30 places in the other category that comprises dharamshalas and guest houses.The tourism department is aware of the overwhelming response. And so, it has introduced the bed and breakfast scheme in the city. Under this scheme, owner of a house can enrol with the department to accommodate tourists. The owner has to ensure comfortable stay and breakfast to the tourist. This provides affordable accommodation to tourists and helps locals earn good money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273806", "title": "Four arrested in \u2018cash for marks\u2019 scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Almost a month after Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) filed a complaint in the 'cash for marks' scam, CID (Crime) arrested four people on Wednesday for their alleged involvement in the case. The scam, first exposed in TOI, showed how data entry operators of a private agency illegally inflating marks of students, who had appeared for the standard XII exams.The board had filed a complaint against Nilpa Software Systems after which police picked up Sanjay Shah and Bharat, who are close relatives of Praveen Shah, owner of the company. The duo belongs to Vadodara and holds key positions in the company.The cops also arrested the two data entry operators Vinod Patel and Mrugesh Patel. All four have been sent to six-day police remand by a court in Gandhinagar.Some 225 standard XII science students and 150-odd general stream students had allegedly got their results illegally altered by paying anywhere between Rs 3 lakh and Rs 5 lakh. The tampering was caught when two of the students approached the board for rechecking and were issued fresh marksheets.Following this expose, Nilpa was blacklisted by the board. Education officials then asked the schools to return the accused students' marksheets and issued correct results. This also brought to light that 35 students had failed, but claimed they had passed because of the illegally inflated marksheets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16272932", "title": "Resident doctors in state to go on mass leave from today", "text": "JAIPUR: Resident doctors in all the six medical colleges of the state have decided to go on an indefinite mass leave from Thursday.President of Jaipur Association of Resident Doctors' Prahlad Dhakar said: \"On March 3, the state government issued a notice that all resident in-service doctors will get half salary as study leave allowance. We demanded stipend along with the half salaries. The state government has also agreed to it but till now we have not received the salaries of last seven months.\"The agitating doctors claimed that they have also demanded that the new pattern of examination of the PG course should be changed. There are nearly 3,000 resident doctors in the state.However, Sawai Man Singh medical college claimed that it has already resolved all the issues. SMS medical college principal and controller Dr Subhash Nepalia said: \"I have resolved all the problems as their stipend demand has been fulfilled. The orders about the demand of their salaries have already been issued. There is no point going on mass leave.\"Since all the resident doctors would be on strike, it would create problems for the thousands of patients coming to the government hospitals attached to medical colleges in Jaipur, Kota, Udaipur, Bikaner, Jodhpur and Ajmer.However, the medical colleges' administration has made alternative arrangements.The administration cancelled all the leaves of all the doctors. Nepalia said, \"I have directed all the doctors to be on duty as all the leaves have been cancelled.\"He said that directions have also been issued to medical superintendent of the hospitals to take care of patients properly in the absence of the resident doctors.SMS hospital spokesperson Dr Rajesh Sharma said the hospital administration has decided to give extra duties to senior resident doctors and faculty members of the medical college so that patients would not suffer.A social activist, Ashok Kumar on Wednesday filed a petition in the lower court and posed a question on legality of mass leaves of doctors in the background of the right to medical attention to common citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16274703", "title": "Speaker tells MLAs to postpone junket", "text": "BANGALORE: Assembly speaker KG Bopaiah has reportedly directed legislators to postpone their foreign tours. Sources say a circular restraining the legislators will be issued on Thursday. The legislators' junkets have drawn severe criticism as the state is reeling under a severe drought. Bopaiah's decision comes following chief minister Jagadish Shettar's directive to the 13 legislators already abroad to return immediately. However, it's unlikely that the members already abroad will cut short their August 31-September 15 tour to South America and Dubai. On Thursday, they will be visit Brazil and waterfalls in Argentina. TOI was the first to report the legislators' plan to go on a jaunt. The Petitions Committee and House Committee, led by deputy speaker Yogish Bhat, and the Papers Laid On The Table of Legislature Committee, headed by AB Maalaka Raddy, were getting ready to leave on September 27.Bhat Committee:Nineteen MLAs and seven officers planned to tour Russia , Sweden, Denmark, Israel, Norway, Finland, Egypt and Dubai from Sept 27 to Oct. 14. Speaker Bopaiah cleared the tour on Sept. 1. The objective was to study the dairy industry in Denmark, the seafood processing sector and cruise tourism in Norway; port development in Stockholm; and restoration and maintenance of monuments in Moscow; micro-irrigation and water conservation in Jerusalem; and archaeology in Cairo.RaddyCommittee:Seventeen legislators were to tour the US, Canada and Dubai from Sept. 27 to Oct. 12, but seven withdrew from the jaunt. The speaker had cleared the tour on Sept. 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16274929", "title": "Governor felicitates teachers", "text": "BHOPAL: Teachers play an important role in shaping up the future of the country besides helping to realize the career dreams of their students. These views were expressed by Madhya Pradesh Governor Ram Naresh Yadav while felicitating the teachers on the occasion of teacher's day at a function at Ravindra Bhavan here on Wednesday.Presenting the state-level awards to teachers, the governor said the teachers should work hard to imbibe human and moral values among the students. The success of a teacher should be judged by number of good citizens they churn out rather than just the number of top CEOs.At the function, Yadav felicitated six teachers of the state with state-level awards. He also felicitated 13 teachers who won President's awards for the year 2011 besides felicitating Pawan Guru for his outstanding contribution to education. He was presented an award of Rs 1 lakh along with a citation, shawl and coconut.He also gave away awards worth Rs 5000 each to Shankar Dayal Dixit of Satna and Madhubala Saxena of Guna, who have been selected among two teachers each from every district under the national teaching symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "sivakasi (tn)", "code": "16278350", "title": "Sivakasi fireworks tragedy: Six arrested, toll touches 39", "text": "SIVAKASI (TN): The police arrested six persons on Thursday in connection with the devastating fire at a cracker manufacturing unit at Mudhalipatti that killed 39 persons with three more persons succumbing to burns.The police have launched a hunt for two more persons, including the owner of Om Sakthi Fire Works at Mudhalipatti near Sivakasi in Virudhunagar district.The arrested were identified as R Paul Pandi (30) of Periyar Colony in Thiruthangal, his brothers R Mahendran (28), R Pandithurai (24), foreman in the factory U Udayakumar (31) and two others S Srikanth and S Annadurai, also residing at Periyar Colony.Three more persons succumbed to burn injuries today, taking the the toll to 39, district revenue officer R Raju said.Paul Pandi had taken the firecracker unit on lease from owner Murugesan who is on the run. \"Special teams have been formed to nab him,\" said a police officer.Police have slapped cases under IPC sections 286 (negligent conduct with respect to explosives), 337, 338 (causing hurt), 304A (causing death by negligence), 9 B (1a) of the Indian Explosives Act and Sec 5 of Explosive Substances Act.Police said they have taken into custody Paul Pandi and his brother Mahendran from the spot on Wednesday itself and were arrested. However, other workers fled from the place after the blast. Based on the information provided by Paul Pandi the remaining four were arrested.Paul Pandi had reportedly confessed that in a hurry to complete the orders and make as much crackers as possible before officials enforce the cancellation of the company's licence had employed workers exceeding the permissible limit. He had also urged the workers to hasten the process in the cracker unit.The revenue officials meanwhile have embarked on relief distribution to the victims' families. \"We will complete distribution of relief in two days,\" said collector Hariharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gidderbaha", "code": "16274818", "title": "Punjabi singer Hakam Sufi cremated", "text": "GIDDERBAHA: Punjabi Sufi singer Hakam Sufi, who died on Tuesday night after a prolonged heart problem, was cremated here on Wednesday.Born on March 3, 1952, Hakam Singh alias Hakam Sufi got a break in singing at the age of 20 and was known for his sufi songs. His well known songs include \"Pani Wich Mara Deekan\"and \"Mere Charkhe Di Tut Gayi Maal\" among others. He even wrote songs, with some being based on folk music, with \"Kithe Laye Ne Sajana Dere\" being among the popular ones. He released two albums of Punjabi music -- \"Dil Vatte Dil\" and \"Dil Tarphe Ashaq Da.\"\"He started singing while in class 5 or 6. He had a god gifted voice,\" said his friend and schoolmate Jogender Singh.\"Hakam Sufi and Gurdass Mann were very fond of music and were always together during schooldays. They were also neighbours and would frequent either the railway station or the cremation ground for practice. They would spend hours there and return home very late in night,\" added the late singer's brother Nachhattar Singh. \"I remember a night, probably when in class 9, when the village youth stood in heavy rain to hear them sing. During lunch break in school, he would used the desk as 'dholki' and sing,\" recalled Vikram Singh Manak, another classmate of Hakam Singh.\"His death is a great loss to the Punjabi music industry and he will continue to be an inspiration for all Punjabi singers.\" said Gurvinder Das and Veer Devender, both Punjabi singer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "16273945", "title": "Women inmates of Bhagalpur jail forlorn lot", "text": "BHAGALPUR: The Bhagalpur Shaheed Jubba Sahni Central Jail presents the look of a municipality- maintained clean park. The clean roads leading to the male, female and juvenile wards give glimpses of a special world behind the bars. But the women inmates in particular are a forlorn lot, as most of them have been abandoned by their families.\"The condition of the prison has improved a lot in the last few years. But the women prisoners, especially convicts, have been abandoned by their families. Their children do not even come to visit them once a year. Then there are prisoners who face a different degree of stigma and humiliation. This attitude affects them psychologically,\" said Rupak Kumar, superintendent of the jail.They all eat, work, pray and live inside the jail. \"Humlog yahan par apni duniya basa liye. Gharwale to kabka sath chor diye, ab yehi hamari duniya hai,\" said a woman convict. Despite spending nine years in jail, she believes that killing her husband was the only option left for her as she was tremendously tortured by him. Rupam Pathak, convicted in the murder case of Purnia BJP MLA Raj Kishore Kesri, too has no regret about her past.When this reporter tried to talk to the women prisoners, one of them, Komal Jha (70), asked, \"Kya tum mujhe ghar bhej sakti ho? Agar itna nahin kar sakti to tumse baat karke fayda kya?\" She belongs to Saharsa and was sentenced to life imprisonment for murdering her father-in-law. She is considered the most violent woman prisoner of the jail.Kumar said the jail wardens can easily control the 1,023 male prisoners, but the female inmates get volatile at times and attack the wardens. \"The society's negative perspective towards inmates has not changed much. Family members of male inmates keep in touch with them, hoping that whenever they are released they would earn for the family. But as there is no such prospect with the female inmates, the family members simply abandon them,\" he said.Incidentally, a prison official said, \"as it is the only prison of the state for women, inmates are sent here from different districts. But the distance from their native places sometimes prevents the family members from coming here and meeting the women inmates.\" The female ward has a capacity of 83 prisoners and there are 71 inmates, including undertrials and convicts. Eleven children under the age of five years are living with their mothers.The situation is quite bad in case of female prisoners staying with their children. \"Prison authorities cannot keep children above six years. A few days back, we had to pay the grandparents to come from Siwan to Bhagalpur to take away a seven-year-old girl child from her mother,\" said the jail superintendent. He said, \"The prison authorities always insist on sending the children to their close relatives, but the relatives often don't want to take the responsibility. So, sometimes, we have to send the children to different children welfare organizations.\"When the inmates were asked about their everyday life in jail, they said, \"Yeh log (prison officials) achche hain. Khana bhi achcha milta hai. Humlog roj kaam pe bhi jatein hain. Per madamji, ghar se kyun koi milne nahin ata hai?\"Rupak Kumar said, \"We are trying to transfer the female prisoners to their native district jails so that the legal proceedings could be easier for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273731", "title": "Alliance demands nutrition mission in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Highlighting UP's poor child health scenario, a delegation from Citizen's Alliance Against Malnutrition - that comprises several parliamentarians including Dimple Yadav, Kannauj MP - stressed on the urgent need to implement the nutrition mission in the state. The delegation went to a couple of villages in Mohanlalganj and Gosainganj areas of the state capital to take stock of the situation and prepare a summary of specific recommendations. Thereafter, they met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav who assured full support for the cause.The alliance which also has field workers, celebrities and representatives from the social sector came into being after the release of the Hunger and Malnutrition (HUNGaMA) that exposed the extent of malnutrition in the country. The report, which has been endorsed by the centre, said that over 25% children in UP are severely malnourished and 58.55% are moderately malnourished. The report has covered 40 districts of UP out of total 112 districts across India.Three parameters were used for measuring the nutritional status of children - stunting (children short for age), wasting (children too thin for the height), and underweight (children too thin for the age). While, stunting captures chronic under-nutrition as it reflects failure to receive adequate nutrition over a long period of time or chronic or recurrent diarrhoea, wasting identifies the thinness of children and indicates the prevalence of acute malnutrition. Underweight includes both stunting and wasting.Addressing reporters on the occasion, Jay Panda, MP from Biju Janata Dal (BJD) said that malnutrition needs urgent attention to ensure that UP's high rate of infant and maternal mortality can be arrested. Adding more senior member of the group Neeraja Chowdhury said, \"One-third of under-five deaths are attributed to malnutrition.\" Findings from the third National Family Health Survey reveal that while the less than five mortality rate in India is 74 per 1000 live births, the average is significantly higher at a rate of 94 per 1000 live births.Though she gained the centre-stage, Dimple Yadav preferred staying low-key on the occasion. And members of the Samajwadi Party caught on all the queries media persons fired on the new entrant in Indian politics. Later talking to the media on the issue, Rashtriya Lok Dal MP from Mant, Jayant Chowdhary said the delegation wanted to meet representatives from UP government much before. \"But the previous government didn't give us an ear,\" Jayant told reporters.Harsimrat Kaur Badal , MP from Shiromani Akali Dal in Punjab and Supriya Sule , MP from Nationalist Congress Party urged the media to play a proactive role regarding the issue. \"As per NFHS-3, over 52% children in UP are malnourished. The 2011 census puts UP's under-five populations at 24.5 million. Malnourishment is a bane, as it kills about 35% children before they attain age of 5 years,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272776", "title": "Pune student in team for MoEF's 'Young India for Biodiversity'", "text": "PUNE: Pune student Avinash Ashok Nagargoje is in the team, of two National Green Corps (NGC) students and a teacher from Dhule district, which will represent the state at the 'Young India for Biodiversity' meet.The Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has hosted the meet as part of the XI Conference of Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity to be held in Hyderabad in October.At the Convention on Biological Diversity, the National Green Corps students and teachers from each state will showcase their work on biodiversity at the school and community level. The Convention on Biological Diversity is aimed at mainstream biodiversity at different levels.In Maharashtra, the students were selected from among 108 students and the teacher from among 36 teachers.The selected teacher, K D Argade, is from Maharana Madhyamik Vidyalaya, Devpur, Dhule. While Nagargoje is from Genba Sopanrao Moze Secondary High School, Yerawada, his team member Adagale Pratiksha Sambhaji is from Vasantrao Naik Vidyalaya, Patoda in Beed district.Shamita Kumar, nodal officer at the resource agency, NGC Maharashtra, told TOI that there were around five lakh National Green Corps students in Maharashtra. The selection from this National Green Corps network was done by the state nodal agency in partnership with the state resource agency. The Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Environment Education and Research (BVIEER) is the National Green Corps resource agency in Maharashtra and social forestry department is the state nodal agency.At the meeting of the nodal and resource agencies in Delhi in May this year, it was proposed that tThe selection exercise was conducted through a itself was made into an event to facilitate capacity-building by conducting aworkshop. Thus, a two-day workshop conducted by BVIEER Pune and social forestry department Pune. A total of 108 students and 36 teachers participated in the workshop held in Pune.Based on certain pre-determined criteria, including field visits by a locally appointed committee of experts, the National Green Corps in Maharashtra selected five best schools from each district.During the workshop held at BVIEER, various events and competitions -- quiz, poster, extempore, solving environmental problems - were held for the students and the teachers.On the basis of their performance, a 10-member expert committee, comprising educators and environmental experts, selected the students and a teacher to represent Maharashtra at the Convention on Biological Diversity, she added.The NGC programme was launched by MoEF, with the objective to educate children about environment and impart knowledge about the eco-systems, their interdependence and the need for their survival, through visits and demonstrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16274708", "title": "The right locality", "text": "Location and connectivity are the two most important elements that people consider while investing in a residential property in Mumbai, says Anuradha RamamirthamMUMBAI: Mumbai is home to 20 million people. With narrow roads, traffic and countless potholes, it takes hours to reach the workplace. Once there, performance anxiety, deadlines and the hectic lifestyle add to stress levels. By the time one gets back, one is drained physically and mentally. There is hardly any time to appreciate the finer nuances of life. Spending quality time with the family, enjoying a cup of coffee or a walk in the rain seems like a distant dream.Lodha Group recently conceptualised 'Daddy Diaries' , a social media initiative that captured innovative ways by which Mumbaikars manage to spend quality time with loved ones. The target group was Mumbai males 35 years and above. \"From the initiative, it was evident that most fathers in Mumbai are time-starved and have an intrinsic desire to balance their professional and personal lives. Daddy Diaries provided them the right platform to voice their thoughts,\" says R. Karthik, Chief Marketing Officer, Lodha Group.Living in a location that has connectivity to business hubs can liberate one from the constraints of the city. \"In a city where the walk-to-work concept remains an elusive dream for most, the highest demand for homes continues to be in and around primary and secondary business districts,\" says Anuj Puri, Chairman and Country Head, Jones Lang LaSalle India.Spread across 23 acres with 70% devoted to open green landscapes, Lodha Group's New Cuffe Parade is set in the heart of a mega development of 250 acres envisioned by MMRDA . It showcases the best of town planning, infrastructure and eco-sensitive design, making it the city's new centre. The beauty of the surroundings is complemented by something rarer still - accessibility. \"This is the only spot in the city which is located at the monumental converging point of the monorail, metro and eastern freeway putting the entire city just 20 minutes away. MMRDA plans to develop this as a commercial and business hub, which will save long commutes to work. Fort in South Mumbai will just be 20 minutes away by the Eastern Freeway and so will be the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) because of the central location. With the realisation of the Mumbai Trans Harbour Link, even the upcoming airport at Navi Mumbai will just be a short ride away,\" avers Karthik.Owing to infrastructural constraints location and connectivity to place of work are the most important decision criteria for home buyers today. \"RNA Metropolis at Sewree offers convenience to residents travelling to work in areas like Nariman Point, Fort, Lower Parel, with travel times of less than half an hour. Similarly, RNA Continental at Chembur is close to the suburban train and metro stations and is 30 minutes away from BKC, Navi Mumbai , Dadar and Ghatkopar,\" says Manoj John, Vice-President - Corporate Planning and Strategy, RNA Corp.The Western suburbs like Andheri, Malad, Goregaon and Borivali have witnessed enormous development, leading to demand for housing near workplaces. \"Good connectivity and better infrastructure facilities like shopping complexes, schools, colleges and affordability, attract home buyers to locate to suburbs. Rustomjee Group has some prominent projects in the western suburbs including Rustomjee Ozone, Rustomjee Summit, Rustomjee Elements, Rustomjee Elanza , Rustomjee Oriana, Rustomjee Seasons and Elita,\" says Percy S. Chowdhry, Director, Rustomjee Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273687", "title": "'Loyalties' hold least relevance for this veteran party hopper", "text": "LUCKNOW: The thing Naresh Agarwal loves most is power. Things like party loyalties have never managed to get in the way of Agarwal and power. In fact, he has changed parties so often that the six-time MLA from Hardoi Sadar has earned the nickname of 'Poll Weathercock'.Now, he's with the SP, and staunchly opposed to reservation in promotions. This was the root cause of his scuffle with BSP MP, Avatar Singh, in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday. But till December 2011, Agarwal had been on the same side as Singh in the Rajya Sabha, as BSP MP. Just after polls were announced in UP, he switched sides to Mulayam.So, ideology, perhaps, is not the guiding force in Agarwal's life. He joined politics following on his father's footsteps, a two-time MLA from Hardoi. Agarwal's first stint was with the Congress, a party he joined in the 80s. Since then, he has been with every major party, be it the SP, the BSP, or the BJP. His son, too, has now joined politics and became an MLA from Hardoi after he moved to Rajya Sabha.Agarwal first ditched the Congress in 1997. When the BSP withdrew support to the Kalyan Singh-led BJP government in October 1997, Agrawal defected from the Congress along with 21 MLAs and formed a new party, the Loktantrik Congress. He saved the BJP government and in return was made energy minister. On February 21, 1998, when the Kalyan Singh government was dismissed by the then UP governor Romesh Bhandari, who invited Jagdambika Pal to form the government, Agrawal also withdrew support to Kalyan Singh and became deputy chief minister in Jagdambika's government. But the governor's order was stayed by the high court and Jagdambika's government lasted only for a day. Agarwal returned to the BJP fold after the court order and Kalyan Singh formed the government again by proving majority on the floor of the assembly.Agarwal was also made minister in the BJP governments led by Ram Prakash Gupta and Rajnath Singh between 1999 and 2001. In 2001, Agarwal parted ways with the BJP following differences with the then chief minister Rajnath Singh and walked into the SP camp. He became an MLA again in 2002 and was made transport minister in the Mulayam government.Agarwal left the SP on May 28, 2008, a year after the party lost the 2007 assembly polls and joined the then ruling BSP. He resigned from the Hardoi assembly seat and got his son elected from it on a BSP ticket. The BSP fielded Agarwal from Farrukhabad in 2009 Lok Sabha elections but he lost to Congress's Salman Khurshid . On March 13, 2010, he was nominated to the Rajya Sabha by the BSP. The Rajya Sabha term ended in March 2012 but before that Agarwal had moved back to the SP. He got himself nominated to the Rajya Sabha again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16274781", "title": "MP mulls petitioning CERC against fine over letter of credit deposit", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government is mulling over petitioning the central electricity regulatory commission (CERC), after being slapped a fine of Rs 1 lakh for failing to deposit letter of credit (LOC). The government said that it owes around Rs 50 crore from different state power utilities.\"We are not skirting off depositing the LoC. We will deposit it. But our point is that we are paying our charges duly against the power drawn from the western region grid during this fiscal. In fact some power utilities owe us Rs 50 crore given that they had overdrawn power from the grid. We have in fact under drawn power during that duration for grid's safety,\" MP power management company managing director Manu Shrivastava told TOI.On August 30, CERC has slapped a fine of Rs one lakh each on state power utilities (SPUs) which failed to deposit LoC. CERC had drawn regulations for the LoC (payment security management) deposit to maintain grid discipline. In case, a SPU overdraws power, money or fine is deducted from LoC.This regulation regarding LoC came into effect from May 3, 2010 and 16 SPUs were asked to deposit it. They were asked to pay 10% amount of the annual power overdrawn in a month, officials said.The states filed their replies regarding LoC on December 30 and a hearing took place on January 10. After this 10 state power utilities deposited LoC.CERC has toughened its stance on state power utilities following grids failure in some parts of the country due to power overdraws, causing inconvenience to the public. Power overdrawn during low grid frequency, causes it to collapse leading to blackouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16274009", "title": "Conflict with animals is man-made, say green activists", "text": "COIMBATORE: Development activities that encroach on elephant corridors and destroy forest area have perpetuated the man-animal conflict in Madukkarai, say city green activists.According to K Mohan Raj of Tamil Nadu Green Movement, the whole Madukkarai-Kovaipudur-Walayar region is witnessing a huge construction boom, violating the central government rule stipulating that developers maintain a 10km distance from fringes of reserved forests.Just recently, a liquor distillery had started functioning close to the forest in Mavoothapady near Walayar flouting rules, said Mohan Raj. Several vacant plains in the area have been encroached by real estate groups and leading educational institutions. A cement factory in Madukkarai has been causing enormous pollution, eating into the rich forest tracts of the region and destroying elephant paths, he said.Last year, TNGM brought out a policy perspective paper titled 'Thadagam in Distress', referring to the Thadagam valley, which is home to hundreds of elephants on the outskirts of Coimbatore. The paper was authored by A Rangarajan, S Jayachandran , J Tamilselvi and K Mohan Raj. Describing the outskirts of the city as traditional elephant migratory corridors connecting the various major forest areas in the Western and Eastern Ghats, TNGM said the corridors were vital for the survival of the elephant population in the Nilgiris Biosphere Reserve.The unresolved man-animal conflict is only two-decades old and was preceded by a time when farmers and elephants co-existed peacefully. Farmers used to harvest what the elephants left behind. But now, the unspoken arrangement has given way to wariness. Agricultural labourers wait with crackers and stones to chase away elephants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272612", "title": "Cyber cafe operator arrested", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police on Wednesday arrested a cyber cafe operator and his accomplice from Rajgurunagar for not verifying the credentials of a customer who had sent a threatening e-mail to the city police warning them of sabotage during the forthcoming Ganesh Festival.The threatening e-mail was sent to the e-mail address of the city police on August 25. The suspect had written only one sentence in the e-mail. It said they would resort to sabotage during the Ganesh Festival in Pune city.A case in this regard was registered with the Bund Garden police under sections 506, 507 of the Indian Penal Code and sections 43 (G), 66 and 66 (A) of the Information and Technology Act. The case was transferred to the cyber crime cell of the city police.Police inspector of the cyber crime cell Sangita Alphonso-Shinde told TOI that during investigations, the police found that the e-mail had been sent from a cyber cafe in Rajgurunagar, about 40 km from here.\"The suspect had created the e-mail address only for sending the threatening e-mail and there has been no activity through that e-mail address after that,\" she added.Shinde said when the police visited the cyber cafe, they found out that the operator did not maintain a record of his customers. \"We also found that he had installed banned anti-forensic software in his computers at the cyber cafe.\" She said that due to the software, the police were finding it difficult to trace the main suspect, who had sent the e-mail. \"We suspect that the person knew that anti-forensic software was being used in that particular cyber cafe and the operator did not maintain a record of his customers,\" she said.Shinde said that the police arrested the operator Vishal Hiraman Bhogade (25) of Kharpudi village in Khed taluka and his accomplice Sandesh Sopan Dere (22). \"We will produce them before the court on Thursday,\" she said.She further said that the police have managed to zero in on the exact time that the e-mail address was created and the e-mail sent from the cyber cafe. \"We have questioned around 10 people, who were present there during that period. We will arrest the main suspect soon,\" she said.The police have appealed to all cyber cafe owners and operators to maintain detailed records of their customers. The police said the cafe owners and operators should not install anti-forensic software in their computers and they must install CCTV cameras on their premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16274924", "title": "Probe report in Shivali suicide case submitted", "text": "JALANDHAR: Jalandhar zone IG, Gurpreet Deo, has submitted her report to Punjab government in the Shivali suicide case. A decision on the report is to be taken by the state home department, headed by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, who had entrusted the probe to Deo.Deo sent the report on the fifth day of initiating the inquiry on Saturday. Though she confirmed that she had sent her report to home department, she refused to divulge details. However, sources said that the accident theory propounded by Govt Railway Police has been trashed by the inquiry.In fact, several witnesses examined during the enquiry and the course of events had confirmed that it was a suicide and that Shivali had even threatened about it following her harassment.During the inquiry, various witnesses including the principal witness, Gaurav, who accompanied Shivali when she was accosted by police inspector Balwinder Kaur and clicked by photo journalists of a few vernacular newspapers, had confirmed that Shivali had threatened to commit suicide if she would be photographed.The witnesses had confirmed that Shivali was disturbed over her being accosted publicly by the police as she was afraid that her family would get a bad name if the photographs were published. Even the train driver had confirmed in his statement that Shivali had jumped before the train and that she had not fallen on the track as recorded by GRP.While traffic police inspector and photo journalists are in the dock for their role in harassing Shivali, the GRP has landed in a soup for its shoddy handling of the case and trying to project the suicide case as accident, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16273837", "title": "Parents, volunteers approach education", "text": "NASHIK: Parents of students of Rasbihari International School (RIS), along with Forum Against Commercialization of Education (FACE) presented a memorandum of their demands to minister of education, Rajendra Darda, on Wednesday. The minister said that he had directed the concerned officials to conduct inquiry.Parents and volunteers of FACE had protested against RIS that had allegedly increased the fee hike by 63% initiated by RIS.\"We told the minister that we have been following up the issue for three months, but no action has been taken yet,\" said Chhaya Deo, deputy chairperson of FACE. She added that they reminded the minister that they met him earlier with their grievances at Mantralaya. Darda replied that he had asked the education officers to begin an inquiry after parents met him in July itself and was surprised that no action had been taken.He was also informed of the demand of a police inquiry on the school over harassing parents and students. They requested him to take action. They also asked the minister to initiate an inquiry of the school's records and finances since 2006 to see how the fees have been charged. The minister assured to direct the concerned officials to do the needful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16271282", "title": "Protest marks Teacher's Day", "text": "GUWAHATI: Teacher's Day is important for every one associated with the noble profession of teaching but not for the members of All Assam Venture School Teachers' Association (AAVSTA) who chose the day to press for provincialization of venture schools after 2006.Hillaludin Ahmed, a member of AAVSTA, said, \"Teacher's Day is an important occasion, So, we chose this day to stage a demonstration from 6th Mile to Dispur Janata Bhawan and submitted a memorandum to the circle officer stating our demands.\"In all schools and colleges of the city, the day was celebrated with great enthusiasm. Though a lot of schools celebrated Teachers' day on Tuesday itself, Wednesday was a holiday due to Madhav Dev Tithi. The students of Cotton College's Assamese department were seen celebrating the occasion with a special departmental get together.Niroda Devi, the principal of Cotton College, said, \"As it's a government holiday today, very few pupils came to school. Students of the Assamese department arranged a special get-together to celebrate the day. Usually, we organize it on Teacher's Day every year. But since it was a holiday this year, the other departments already had their get-together and even celebrated the day on Tuesday itself.\"Suryashikha Acharya, a third year degree student of the Assamese department, said, \"This time, Teacher's Day and Madhav Dev tithi fell on the same day. So, the college is closed but we wanted to celebrate the occasion today itself and invited our teachers and most of them came.\" Anirban Das, another student, said, \"Teacher's Day is special for both teachers and students and so we invited some of the ex-students of this department to come and interact with the teachers and also the new students.\" Students of Don Bosco School, Panbazaar, too, celebrated the occasion.Antony Thekkel, the new principal of the school, said, \"Teachers get a great boost when students express their gratitude to them on Teacher's Day.\"The day also helps them get out of their usual role and let their hair down. Students of Happy Child High School near Rehabari organised a special ramp walk for their teachers and also a special musical tribute to the Rajesh Khanna. Nirmal Aggarwal, the principal of Happy Child High School, said, \"On Teacher's Day, we let the students perform songs and dance of their choice and this time, some students also organised a ramp walk for the teachers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272672", "title": "Cash, gold stolen from car", "text": "PUNE: Two unidentified people diverted the attention of a 65-year-old woman seated in a car and fled with two purses containing cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 3 lakh near the Pune railway station around 5 pm on Monday.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Kala Krupaldas Gangwani of Pimpri with the Bund Garden police station.Police sub-inspector of the Bund Garden police station M N Sanadi told TOI that on Monday, Gangwani had gone to the Pune railway station with an acquaintance. They had parked the car in front of a shop and were eating ice-creams. \"A person knocked on the window of the car and told Gangwani that some money was lying on the ground outside,\" he said.As she opened the door and looked around, another person opened the back door and fled with the two purses containing cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 3 lakh.He said the police have sent two teams to Ahmednagar and other parts of the state to trace the suspects involved in the theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16273167", "title": "BPO industry upbeat on its strong global standing", "text": "GURGAON: BPO industry honchos have claimed that India still maintained the number one position regardless of the outsourcing policy of any country.At the Nasscom BPO summit organized in Gurgaon on Wednesday, the industry top guns assured that there was nothing to fear from any quarter. According to them, the Indian BPO industry continues to maintain its edge, accounting for over 37% of the total global outsourcing BPO revenues.\"The BPO industry in India continues to remain strong and vibrant in spite of the impact of the recent economic gridlock and has been rapidly transforming itself from business process outsourcing (BPO) to business process management (BPM), which is the single most critical factor that has helped the industry buck the global trend and maintain its leadership position across the globe.The industry has been able to successfully position itself as a partner to customers and change the way service is being delivered and create a broader impact on clients,\" said Som Mittal, president, Nasscom.Speaking to the media, Vikram Talwar, chairman, EXL Service, said that Indian outsourcing industry has come a long way from being a 'vendor' to becoming a 'genuine partner'. \"Gone are the days when we used to be just a vendor doing what we were asked to do. Now there is a major shift and we are considered partners and are involved in the decision-making as well for our clients.\"NASSCOM, in association with CRISIL GRA, also launched a report on the Big Data which details the gaining traction of Big Data in India with IT services/analytics providers offering business-centric solutions, and its impact on the industry and customers.The report also highlights the ability of Big Data to help in \"evidence-based\" decision-making, which in turn has a high impact on business operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273750", "title": "Policy for PPP in medical education soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: The second meeting regarding policy formation for opening new medical colleges in the state will take place on September 14. Orders to this effect were given by chief secretary Jawed Usmani here on Wednesday.Senior officials in the medical education department revealed that, the state wants to build a medical college at a population of 50 lakh.As per plans, the government wants a medical college at each divisional headquarters. Some big cities have been shortlisted for this purpose. This would mean that the state may soon have at least 20 new medical college projects. However, it will not be easy for the government to go so far. Therefore, it has invited the private sector to take the responsibility.Reviewing the situation, chief secretary, Usmani told principal secretary medical education JP Sharma to finalize a policy framework so that partners for the project could be called soon. At its level, the medical education department organized a meeting with possible stake holders to understand the issue well and prepare an outline of the framework way back in the mid of July.It may be noted that as per the Lakshmanswami Mudaliar Committee recommendations, a medical college should be set up over a population of 50 lakh. Keeping the rule in mind, UP needs 40 medical colleges to render health services to its hefty population of 1995 lakh (or 19.95 crores). However, only ten medical colleges are functional in the state. tnnThese are in Lucknow, Kanpur, Allahabad, Meerut, Jhansi, Agra, Gorakhpur, Saifai, Ambedkarnagar and Kannuaj. Besides this, 14 private medical colleges are also operational. Both private and government colleges add up to 24 which is quite lower than the required number. Also, this is not the first time that the government is looking for PPP in medical education. A similar effort during the Mayawati regime failed to deliver results. But officials prefer to be optimistic this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16273816", "title": "Temp repairs before Chaturthi: PWD", "text": "PANAJI: The PWD is gearing up to carry out temporary repairs of the roads damaged by the rains before Ganesh Chaturthi.PWD principal chief engineer J S S Rego told TOI on Wednesday that PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar held a meeting with department engineers on Monday and directed them to carry out at least temporary repairs on roads damaged in the monsoon before Ganesh Chaturthi.So, PWD has started the exercise of identifying the damaged roads and repairing them. While temporary repairs will be carried out now, the major repairs of hotmixing will be done only by November 15, when the hotmix plant will be available, Rego said.Asked what action the PWD would take against contractors whose roads have gone bad much before the guarantee period, Rego said PWD has a three year-guarantee period for the roads from the contractors. Wherever such a guarantee exists, the contractor will have to carry out repairs at his own cost. Where such guarantees are not there, the PWD will carry out repairs under \"maintenance\".Asked why the roads went bad so early, Rego said it is a \"natural phenomenon after the rains\". Some roads go bad due to the heavy rainfall, some go bad due to heavy traffic over them and others go bad as there are no side drains to the roads. Rego said every year between 20% to 30% of the state's roads develop potholes due to the rains and the PWD then repairs them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16274414", "title": "Once-a-day tablets can cure diabetes", "text": "LONDON: A once-a-day drug that could revolutionize treatment for patients with Type 2 diabetes has been discovered by scientists.The tablet can dramatically slash chances of sufferers developing heart disease, one of the main fatal effects of diabetes.It could even replace aspirin as the blood-thinning drug of choice for diabetics, the Daily Express reported.Researchers at the University of the Highlands and Islands say the clot-busting drug is currently licensed for use in reversing the harmful effects of a paracetamol overdose.Heart disease is the major cause of reduced life expectancy in patients with diabetes who have about twice the risk of developing a range of cardiovascular diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16275370", "title": "Monsoon active in 7 districts", "text": "Mangalore: Rainfall was widespread in six districts, fairly widespread in five, scattered in nine, isolated in nine others and negligible in one district in Karnataka up to 8.30am on Wednesday. South-west monsoon was active over seven districts, normal over 17 and weak over six districts. Heavy rain was recorded in seven districts across Karnataka, rather heavy rain in five, moderate rain in 10 districts and light rain in eight districts.Rainfall over Karnataka in the above last 24 hours is considered as scattered since 42% of the hoblis and gram panchayaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Castle Rock in Supa taluk of Uttara Kannada district recorded maximum rainfall of 77.5mm in the above 24 hours in the state. Widespread, rather heavy to heavy rain was received in Shimoga, Gulbarga, Uttara Kannada, Kodagu, Udupi and Dakshina Kannada districts.Fairly widespread, moderate to heavy rain was recorded in Chikmagalur, Belgaum, Raichur, Haveri and Bidar; scattered, moderate to heavy rain in Chikkaballapur, Hassan, Yadgir, Bagalkot, Davanagere, Bellary, Bijapur, Koppal and Ramanagara; isolated, light to moderate rain in Chamarajanagar, Chitradurga, Gadag, Bangalore urban/rural, Mysore, Kolar, Mandya, Tumkur, and Dharwad. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to September 5 has recorded deficit rainfall of 21%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 698.9mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 553.7mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on September 5, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 6.5mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 4mm, a surplus of 63%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273537", "title": "Nagpur, Chandrapur civic bodies ban POP idols", "text": "MUMBAI: While Mumbai's civic fathers are reluctant to take a firm stand on plaster of paris Ganesh idols, the Chandrapur and Nagpur municipal corporations have stolen a march over the financial capital. Both civic bodies recently passed resolutions banning the sale of POP idols this Ganesh festival within their municipal limits.Former mayor Shubha Raul who campaigned extensively for an environment friendly Ganesh festival, even introducing the concept of artificial lakes for immersion so that the environmentally harmful idols are not immersed in the sea, said it was high time the government stepped in with a law to stop the use of POP idols.\"There is nothing religious about damaging the environment. We are surrounded by sea on three sides and so are highly affected by the marine environment and it is for us to protect it. It will take two decades to change people's mindset. Instead, the government must introduce a law banning such idols,'' she said. As mayor, she said, she could only petition the government to draft a law, since policy making is the government's domain.Raul pointed out that many years ago Goa banned immersion of idols in the sea because degradation of the sea by the immersion was directly affecting tourism, its main source of income. \"Even Pune does not allow immersion in water bodies so why should Mumbai do it?'' she asked adding that creating artificial lakes was expensive and it was unfortunate that only 20-30% of the idols were immersed here. Annually, over 2.5 lakh household idols are worshipped in the city during the festival, besides several thousand sarvajanik idols.Recently, Jayant Patil, guardian minister for Mumbai city, said at a co-ordination committee meeting for the Ganesh festival that despite an awareness campaign for the last several years, mindsets had not changed much and people continued to opt for POP idols. Anil Bhatia, member of the Marine Drive Residents' Association said it was a very welcome decision and Mumbai too should do it. \"It is destroying our seas and it is high time they stopped it,'' he said. Environmentalist Rishi Agarwal pointed out that a century ago, idols were made only of clay as there was no concept of POP. \"No one is against the festival being celebrated. All that is required is regulating the material being used for the idols. If environment friendly materials are made mandatory, it will automatically bring down the size of the idols,'' he said.However, idol makers in Vidarbha are unhappy that the two corporations issued the ban without giving them prior notice. \"They sent us a notice last August saying they wanted to ban the POP idols and would hold a meeting to discuss the issue. In the last week of August this year, they informed us that they will not allow sale of POP idols. Many idol makers are poor and have taken loans. A ban without proper intimation is unfair and would destroy them,'' said Ankush Ayane of the Nag-Vidarbha Murtikar va Vikreta Mahasangh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272540", "title": "Pole injury: NHRC sends notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three weeks after a 32-year-old man, Amit Jain, was critically injured by a high-mast light pole that fell on him on Geeta Colony flyover, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has issued a notice to the chief secretary of Delhi government and the chairman of BSES Yamuna Power Limited (BYPL). NHRC took cognizance of a TOI report highlighting the victim's plight for which no agency was taking responsibility. Jain has been left to fend for himself and has been given no compensation though chief minister Sheila Dikshit had told TOI that she would look into the matter. TOI had carried a series of reports highlighting how the agencies involved - PWD of Delhi government and discom BYPL - were just passing the buck.NHRC stated in its notice: \"The media report reads that the PWD has given the charge of maintenance of the electric(ity) poles to BSES and it is their sole responsibility to ensure that the lights are properly maintained in every respect. The commission has observed that the contents of the press report, if true, raise a serious issue of violation of rights of the victim.\"While seeking a report on the incident from the authorities, the commission has also directed them to inform it whether any financial help for his medical treatment has been provided to Jain. It has given the authorities two weeks to send their reply.Jain had received serious head and chest injuries when a 90-foot high electricity pole fell on him while he was on his bike on August 11. Some nuts at the base of the poll were found to be missing. Speaking to TOI, Jain's wife, Rekha, said, \"We have already spent Rs 2 lakh on his treatment and an amount of Rs 75,000 is pending. We have tapped all resources possible. The agencies at fault should be paying this amount but not a single government official has come forward with any assistance.\"Jain, who is the sole breadwinner of his family, is battling extreme pain at St. Stephens Hospital. His ribs were injured and his left arm bone fractured due to the accident. He underwent a surgery in his arm for placing a metal plate. He is likely to remain bedridden for at least four months. \"Now, some water has also accumulated in his lungs and that has caused a severe infection. Earlier, he was being treated with antibiotics, but after the infection spread, a pipe is being used to pump out the fluid,\" said Rekha.While PWD is the land-owning agency in this case, BYPL is looks after maintenance of these lights on the stretch. The agencies have been engaging in a blame game with PWD claiming that it was the responsibility of BSES and the latter asserting that it was not responsible for maintaining the poles. Calling it a 'law and order problem', BYPL officials told TOI they had lodged several police complaints regarding theft of light fixtures and foundation nuts from the poles but no one had been caught yet.Times ViewIt is a reflection of the sad state of affairs that the national human rights body has to intervene to get the Delhi government and the discom involved to do something for the victim of this accident. Weeks have passed since the lamp pole fell on him injuring him seriously but neither the government nor the power supply company have shown any willingness to redress him for what was clearly a damage done to him due to negligence. We have said in the past that he should be assisted by prominent lawyers to sue the authorities for damages. We renew our appeal to them to do so, since there appears to be no sign of the authorities waking up to their responsibilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16275485", "title": "To ma\u2019am, with love...", "text": "LUDHIANA: The excitement in the air was palpable at many schools in Ludhiana as students honoured and entertained their mentors on the occasion of Teachers' Day on Wednesday. Dances, skits, poetry readings and recitals were on the menu and students left no stone unturned to make their favourite teacher feel special and loved.Ryan International School, JamalpurTeachers came dressed according to the \"Retro\" theme given by students. A cake-cutting ceremony was followed by a wing-wise assembly where students presented a colourful extravaganza of music and dance. Chairman A F Pinto and managing director Grace Pinto gave their best wishes to the teaching fraternity. The function culminated with the \"Best Teacher Awards\" for the session, based on votes given by students. Devinder Kaur was declared the best teacher in primary wing, while Neha Palsi was declared the best in middle wing. Dimple Sethi was voted the best teacher in senior wing.KVM, Civil linesStudents dedicated the special day to teachers while treating them to a visual feast of dances and songs. Teachers too actively participated and performed. The celebration started with Sanjeev Kumar from City Campus enthralling the audience with his song, followed by a group of teachers presenting a medley of inspirational songs. Next was a soulful recital of a poem by Subhash Pajni, a Hindi teacher, which stole the hearts of the audience. \"Parody of Punjabi Tappe\" by teachers with rib-tickling comedy dialogues proved to be a befitting grand finale of the cultural feast. The programme concluded with teachers being honoured by the school management for their contribution to the field of education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277843", "title": "Shirdi Sai Telugu movie review highlights", "text": "After Annamayya and Srirama Dasu, 'King' Nagarjuna is back with another devotional film Shiridi Sai. The movie review is one of the much awaited ones as the film has created quite a buzz ever since director K Raghavendra Rao announced it. So let's catch up with the Shirdi Sai Telugu movie review highlights to find out whether Nag was able to pull off yet another devotional hit.The title credits with devotional paintings and visuals set the mood for the film.Nagarjuna's entry as Baba, set to the tune of a song on the oneness of God - \"Okkade Devudu\" was nicely shotNagarjuna plays the part of Shiridi Sai so perfectly that one gets the feeling that no one else could pull this role off. He is the only actor among his contemporaries for playing roles like Annamayya, Sri Ramadasu and Shirdi SaiThe actor is a revelation in this role that calls for intricate nuances and skill. He has put in a lot of hard work both in terms of looks as well as body language. The triumph of this role lies in the fact that Nags got the subtleties right. An award might just be around the corner.Nagarjuna proves that he is a true Shirdi Sai with his portrayal of the role. His radiant eyes, subtle expressions, the pain and joy in his actions prove that Nagarjuna lives the role and has poured oodles of devotion into the whole act.Srikanth was apt in his role as Dasaganu. Srihari as Wales and Brahmanandam as Sandeham also fit the bill.Moving dialogues like \"Manishi Sukhamga undedhi maraninchaake\" touches the audiences.Keeravani's music and background score are brilliant. He has put in his best for this devotional movie and has elevated several scenes with his impeccable tunes. His music is the soul of the film and this is one of his best musical scores in the recent past. His own devotion to his art reflects in every song.The production values are very rich, thanks to Mahesh Reddy and Shri Girish ReddyRaghavendra Rao has provided a great canvas for actor Nagarjuna and music director Keeravani, who have given much colour to the director's vivid imagination.In a scenario, where commercial films are being made dime a dozen, a film like Shirdi Sai calls for strong conviction and Nagarjuna's move to take up this film is commendable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16272456", "title": "Navegaon-Nagzira tiger reserve being delayed for Adani?", "text": "NAGPUR: Is the state government delaying Navegaon-Nagzira Tiger Reserve (NNTR) proposal to help Adani's controversial power project in Tiroda? The questions is being asked as despite union environment minister Jayanthi Natrajan's reminder, the state has not readied the proposal. In fact, it has not even been forwarded to the state government by forest officials yet.The proposal was first sent to the government in September 2010 but was returned for some changes. Even as it now gathers dust, five new sanctuaries viz. Mansinghdeo, New Bor, New Nagzira, Navegaon and Umred-Kharangla have been notified. Why the officials are unable to act only on Navegaon-Nagzira proposal?State chief wildlife warden SWH Naqvi was away to attend the National Board for Wild Life ( NBWL) meeting in Delhi and could not be contacted. However, it is learnt that even his office had not received the revised proposal. AK Saxena, additional PCCF for wildlife, East, Nagpur, expectedly denied there was any pressure and said Adani power plant issue had nothing to do with it. But he failed to give reasons for its delay when other proposals are being readied.\"The proposal was sent to the government but was returned for revision. Since then it is pending. There are no orders to resend the proposal,\" Saxena said.Sources said Adani sympathizers do not want tiger reserve status to it before proposal for diversion of forest land for power project are cleared. That status might block the diversion as Supreme Court is very strict about such projects within 10 km of tiger projects.On September 8, 2009, then environment minister Jairam Ramesh had asked the chief minister to declare Navegaon-Nagzira a tiger reserve. The MoEF has agreed in principle to declare it one. Yet, the proposal is not ready. On August 14, Natarajan announced in the Rajya Sabha creation of five new tiger reserves in Pilibhit (Uttar Pradesh), Ratapani (Madhya Pradesh), Sunabeda (Odisha) and Mukundara Hills (Rajasthan) and Satyamangalam (Tamil Nadu). She also said Maharashtra has been asked to submit Bor and Navegaon-Nagzira proposals.Bor being a small area, declaring it a tiger reserve is not feasible. Navegaon-Nagzira can still be a 560 sq km reserve, especially after state has notified two new sanctuaries adjoining the two protected areas (PAs) in February 2012. The 560 sq km area will include existing Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary (152 sq km) and Navegaon National Park (133 sq km). The two new sanctuaries include New Nagzira (151.33 sq km) and Navegaon Wildlife Sanctuary (122.75 sq km).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16273974", "title": "Real estate sector appeases deity with meat, eggs to resolve crisis", "text": "COIMBATORE: More than 1000 members of the real estate sector, including key promoters, sought diving intervention on Wednesday to bail them out of the crisis they were in, caused by decreasing demand and prices. They thronged the famous Vella Muneeswaran temple at Kavundampalayam on the outskirts of the city and attempted to appease the presiding deity, offering her 130kg of chicken meat, 100 kg of goat meat and 1200 eggs.The present economic slowdown has drastically affected the real estate sector and most companies are struggling to find buyers even for luxury villas. The gathering offered special prayers to facilitate another real estate boom in the city. The ancient temple is famous for 'Kadavettu,' a practice of sacrificing goats to press for divine intervention in a crisis. A total of Rs 3 lakh was spent on the ritual and feast for devotees.Considered to be a form of Siva, Vella Muneeswaran is known to fulfill the wishes of devotees. \"We firmly believe that our prayers would help us improve business prospects. Humans are limited in their capabilities so we seek God's help,\" said M Mohan Raj, a real estate promoter and one of the organisers of the ritual.\"This is the second time that such a pooja has been conducted. Last year, when we were in a similar situation, our prayers helped us revive our business. The response has been massive this year due to the severe business losses many of us are suffering,\" Mohan added. On invitation, developers, builders and mediators from Edayarpalayam, Vadavalli, Thudiyalur, Vellandipalayam, Venketapuram, TVS Nagar and Kavundampalayam attended the pooja which began on Wednesday morning and ended by noon.The real estate business is going from bad to worse. More than 100 projects in Edayarpalayam and Kavundampalayam areas remain static, said Kallimuthu, a builder from Edayarpalayam. \"Increase in guideline value along with the government's tough stand in regulating the sector has also contributed to the crisis created by the economic slowdown,'' he said. \"I was able to sell 70 houses last year. This year, selling even 10 houses has become a Herculean task,\" he said. The increase in prices of raw material and labour charges have jacked up the overall cost, he added.Middleclass families have been affected the most, said S S Shivakuma, a property dealer. Property prices have increased by 100 per cent compared to last year. We are planning to take up the issue with Coimbatore collector,\" he said.R Krishnaswamy, chairman, builders association of India, Coimbatore chapter, said that most buyers invest in land for resale. Consequently, they are finding it difficult to provide houses at an affordable cost. In addition, people prefer to buy land in the suburbs rather than the city. This has also slowed down the business, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16274702", "title": "Mercury falls in upper reaches of Himachal, shepherds descend", "text": "MANALI: Light snowfall in the upper reaches of Kullu, Kinnaur, and Lahaul-Spiti districts in Himachal Pradesh has caused a sharp dip in temperature. Shepherds, with their flocks, have started descending down the hills before sudden snowfall blocks all routes back to the valley.Hundreds of shepherds have returned with their sheep and many more would be back this month, a shepherd from Jogindernagar, Balak Ram, said. According to him, incessant rain, cold and snowfall is making access to grazing lands very difficult.Over 1,000 shepherds with their livestock are still on the mountains. They would stay there until extreme weather conditions force them to leave. Dozens of shepherds advancing to Mandi, Kangra, Kullu and other lower regions are crossing Manali daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16274287", "title": "Government staff abstain from work on SHSS call", "text": "VARANASI: Responding to the call given by Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti (SHSS), the employees of almost all government offices struck work and staged a sit-in in front of their offices in the district on Wednesday.They were protesting the Union cabinet approval of the bill for amending constitutional provisions to provide reservation for SCs/STs in promotions in government services.Though a few employees of Collectorate reported for work as their state unit had not made it clear its stand on the call of SHSS, working in the offices in Vikas Bhawan remained paralysed as the Vikas Bhawan Rajya Karmachari Sangh (VBRKS) had decided to support the strike.Boycotting their work, the employees associated with VBRKS staged a sit-in stir under the leadership of their president Mahima Dutt Dwivedi in front of Vikas Bhawan's main gate. The speakers condemned the decision of UPA government and reiterated their pledge to continue opposing the bill.Similarly, the employees of PWD also boycotted their works and staged a sit-in under the leadership of Sudhir Kumar. While addressing a meeting, the speakers said that the proposal for amendment in the Constitution to pass the bill for quota in promotion would be injustice with 80 percent population of the country.They warned that the UPA-led government at Centre would have to pay for it. They demanded immediate withdrawal of the bill. Important among others Vipin Kumar Srivastava, A K Singh and NK Chaturvedi also addressed the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16273536", "title": "2 drown in Aji dam", "text": "RAJKOT: Two youths drowned in Aji dam on Wednesday afternoon. They had entered the deep water to take bath. The deceased have been identified as Prakash Gohel (18) and Vijay Shiyal (22) of Shivajinagar in Chunarvada area of the city.Officials said four youths -- Mahesh, Prakash, Vijay and Kishan -- went to the dam to take bath. Failing to gauge the depth of the water they started to drown. While Mahesh and Kishan managed to save themselves, the other two drowned. The youth worked as daily wage labourers.When the four youngsters were struggling to save themselves, a local resident Ajit Rathod informed fire brigade officials. Fire brigade personnel reached the spot and launched a rescue operation. Sources said that while they were able to fish out one body, efforts were on to locate the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273527", "title": "Nearly 20% Pakistani Hindus did not return", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly one-sixth of 17,485 Pakistani Hindus, who had come to India on valid visas in the past three years, did not return to Pakistan. All of them who stayed back, however, did not apply for Indian citizenships. They had, rather, sent representations to local authorities exploring the option of being in India for longer term for varied reasons including economic compulsions.Indian government had during 2009-11 received 1,290 applications of Pakistani nationals for grant of citizenship by registration and naturalization. Though only 764 of them had got Indian citizenship during the period, the remaining ones were allowed to stay on long term visas.The home ministry disclosed these figures in response to different Parliament questions over the last fortnight. These official data have come amid reports that many Pakistani Hindus who came to India recently do not want to return due to alleged religious persecution.Although the home ministry in response to those questions preferred to distance itself from the allegation of religious persecution or discrimination, it said that all the applications seeking Indian citizenships were processed \"as expeditiously as possible\" in consultation with the ministry of external affairs and the state governments concerned where the applicant ordinarily stays after coming to India.The statistics shows that 1,198 out of 6,437 Pakistani Hindus who came to India in 2009 did not return after expiry of their visas. Similarly, 491 out of 6,036 did not return in the year 2010 while 1,248 out of 5,012 had stayed back last year. The figures, in fact, point at substantial jump in the number of those who did not return last year - the period coincides with the increasing number of reported atrocities against Hindus in Sindh and Baluchistan provinces of Pakistan.The home ministry said as many as 18,185 Pakistani nationals belonging to minority communities (Hindus, Sikhs, Christians and Buddhists) were currently living in India on long term visa.\"Requests of Pakistani nationals belonging to minority communities (in that country), Pakistani women married to Indian nationals and staying in India and Indian women married to Pakistani nationals and returning to India due to widowhood/divorce are considered for grant of long term visa,\" said the ministry.Officials in the ministry, privy to the application details of Pakistani nationals who want Indian citizenships, said that there were a number of them who wanted to be in India for economic reasons as they thought their adopted country would provide them better business or employment opportunity in a peaceful environment.\"All of them who want citizenships or long term visa do not talk about religious persecution in Pakistan. While a number of them cite economic reason, the remaining ones express desire to be here with their older relatives who had left Pakistan after partition in 1947,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16275519", "title": "Engineering student dismissed for ragging", "text": "CHENNAI: An engineering college on the outskirts of the city has dismissed a third year student and suspended five others in the class for ragging and assaulting a first year student. Students have since protested against the decision of the management and forced it to close the college for two days.The management of Prince Dr K Vasudevan College of Engineering and Technology in Medavakkam, Ponnar, has forwarded the dismissal letter of Vijeeth W B, a third year mechanical engineering student, to Anna University for approval. Five others of the same class have been placed under suspension for a week.Vijeeth ragged first year student Ashwin Raj N G on the college premises on August 28. Ashwin complained to the college anti-ragging committee that Vijeeth had ragged him. The next day, college chairman K Vasudevan said, Vijeeth and five other students together beat up Ashwin in the corridor of the building. \"Ashwin is well built. If it were a puny student he would have been seriously injured,\" Vasudevan said. Hearing the commotion, some staff, the principal and vice-principal went there and found Ashwin injured. He was admitted to hospital. Ashwin again registered a complaint against the students.Vasudevan said Vijeeth refused to appear for enquiries conducted by the anti-ragging committee and denied hitting Ashwin. He garnered the support of other students in the college, who have been demanding that he be taken back. \"We have reported the matter to Anna University and the dean of student affairs has also met Vijeeth and his parents and spoken to him,\" said Vasudevan.As the male students in the second, third and final year continued to protest against the college management's decision, the college has been declared closed till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272535", "title": "More private hospitals report dengue cases", "text": "PUNE: The city reported 19 positive cases of dengue in the last four days. As against this, 56 cases were reported between June and August this year. During this period, 64 cases of malaria were reported.The disease prevalence has grown considerably in number ever since the civic body's health department started collating data from private hospitals in the month of June. However, only 25 out of approximately 200 private hospitals in the city report disease data to the civic body on a regular basis.\"We have been urging private hospitals to report cases of vector-borne diseases to us so that the exact prevalence of a disease can be calculated and accordingly preventive as well as controlling interventions could be made. From June, we have started receiving data from some of them,\" said S T Pardeshi, city health chief of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).According to PMC data collated from private hospitals, there were 12 cases of dengue and 12 of malaria in June which rose to 13 and 28 respectively in July. The peak was reached in August when 31 dengue and 24 malaria cases were reported by private hospitals. \"Till date in September, private hospitals have reported 19 positive cases of dengue and four of malaria,\" Pardeshi said.However, the actual number of patients down with dengue and malaria is likely to be higher as only about 20% of such cases need hospitalisation. The PMC has asked the 200-odd private hospitals to report cases of vector-borne infection. \"Among them 25 private hospitals report consistently,\" said a health official.Accumulation of water, increasing construction activity, piling up of garbage , lack of public awareness vis-a-vis personal anti-mosquito measures, and inadequate mosquito management have aggravated the situation, say experts.\"If anyone is suffering from fever as high as 103/104 degrees Fahrenheit, along with headache , body pain, dehydration and nausea, it's best to consult a doctor right away,\" said family physician Prakash Mahajan.Fever triggered by the dengue virus does not respond to the normal dosage of paracetamol, say doctors. If left untreated, the viral attack could lead to secondary infections affecting organs like liver, kidney and heart.As per the PMC's own records, there are only six dengue and 25 malaria cases in the city between June and August. \"The PMC has asked private hospitals and pathology labs for data of patients, but they do not submit daily case reports of dengue, malaria and other communicable diseases,\" Pardeshi complained.\"Precautionary measures are being taken in slums, with insecticides sprayed at mosquito-breeding sites. But since the mosquito, aedes aegypti, which spreads dengue, breeds in fresh water, it is imperative for every household to observe one day a week as 'dry day', when all utensils and tanks are emptied and cleaned. This is an effective measure at the domestic level,\" Pardeshi said.The PMC undertakes fogging and spraying in all wards at least twice a week. \"The health department has been put on alert and civic hospitals have been instructed to be ready in case the number of patients rises,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16272185", "title": "Soon, hop off Metro and hire a cycle in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Come mid-October and the dusted cycle docking stations that you see around MG Road will cater to Metro commuters on all stations between MG Road and Byappanahalli. This after Namma Metro appropriated BBMP's shelved rental cycle project and put it back on track.The Automated Tracking and Control of Green Assets (ATCAG) run by Kerberon Automobiles, which started a pilot project to promote cycling in the city, has won the tenders to start cycle docking stations for the Metro. The project will roll out by the second week of October at all six stations with 100-cycle capacity; high-end machines will replace the current docking stations around MG Road.The three stations in the vicinity of MG Road include one near Anil Kumble Circle, the second at Utility Building complex in front of Fame Cinemas and the third one at War Memorial Park on FM Cariappa Road. The rental project is aimed at officegoers in and around MG Road.\"We are undertaking market studies to understand the business and finalize the rates and security deposits. However, the security deposit for permanent users will be not more than Rs 800 and the facility will be beneficial for most professionals working along the metro corridor. They can rent a cycle from the metro station to their offices located closely and bring them back before boarding the train back home,\" said Syed Haseeb Arafat, co-founder, Kerberon Automobiles.While the BBMP plan is yet to take off, Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) officials want to add more wheels to the cycle project. The initial investment to install the docking stations, cycles and machinery at all the metro stations would be around Rs 1.5 crore and the operational cost could run up to Rs 3 crore, said Arafat.BMRC officials said the tender conditions will also mandate having more such docking stations around the Metro corridor so that commuters can cycle to nearby areas without having to depend on another form of transport after getting off the train. \"We are planning to start this facility before our first anniversary,\" said UA Vasant Rao, general manager, finance , BMRC.The initial plan was to install 80 such docking stations across the city to promote non motorable transport in the form of cycling in some of the residential areas and wider roads. \"The project is with the BBMP and it is taking time to start tendering process,\" V Manjula, commissioner, directorate of urban land transport (DULT), told TOI. The registration process has also been held up at ATCAG temporarily.\"Our pilot with the BBMP and (DULT) did go well but never took off because the process at the government levels is taking longer than expected. Also, the DULT endorsed the project to BBMP and even cleared the proposals. But the government and BBMP are yet to kickstart the land acquisition for docking stations and give the go-ahead to the project,\" added Arafat. BBMP's loss is now BMRC's gain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272515", "title": "Gold chains worth 80,000 snatched", "text": "PUNE: In separate incidents two gold chains worth Rs 80,000 were snatched within half an hour on Wednesday morning.The first incident took place at Kothrud near Shastrinagar around 8.30 am. Nayna Ananta Wadhavane (40) was returning home on her scooter after dropping off her children at school. A suspect, who was following her on motorcycle, snatched her gold chain and fled, said police inspector S B Navale of the Kothrud police station.Within half an hour the second incident took place at Dhanori. Motorcycle-borne suspects snatched a gold chain worth Rs 40,000 of 80-year-old Naginadevi Chaudhari and fled. The Vishrantwadi police are investigating.Woman duped of 26,300A 56-year-old woman from Pimpri was duped of her gold ornaments worth Rs 26,300 by two unidentified persons. The incident took place at Pimpri on Tuesday afternoon.A complaint has been lodged by Sindhu Bhingardive of Kalewadi with the Pimpri police station.The suspects told Bhingardive to take off her gold ornaments as they said that there was a woman present in a car, who was donating gold to celebrate the birth of a boy.\"The suspects told her that if the woman saw her without any ornaments, she would give her some too,\" said assistant police inspector M M Sawant.The complainant has given the description of the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274230", "title": "Energy drives India-Canada ties forward", "text": "NEW DELHI: India hopes that energy and resources will put life back into its relationship with Canada.As the government prepares to welcome Canadian foreign minister John Baird next week in preparation for a visit by Stephen Harper , Canada's conservative prime minister, in November, there is an expectation that the Canada relationship could emerge from the shadow of US-India ties.Until now, Canada has largely been regarded as a popular immigrant destination for Sikhs from Punjab and a potent source of potash and dal. But that is changing. With Canada becoming one of the world's new sources of oil and gas, India is keen to become an investor. It helps that Canada too is scouting for new markets, and China and India are the obvious ones. India's ONGC Videsh is considering investing in oil sands and LNG in western Canada's Alberta province.India's interest in the Canadian energy sector has heightened in the background of the continuing instability in the Middle East and North Africa which is the primary source for India's energy buys -- Canada's well-developed infrastructure and political stability are proving attractive. India is also investing in shale oil and gas assets in North America. OVL is in talks with ConocoPhillips Canada to invest around $5 billion to acquire stakes in the latter's oil sands acreages in northern Alberta.With India interested in sourcing gas and oil from the US, Canada is being seen as a viable route to get energy out -- there is a big network of pipelines connecting US and Canada (even without the controversial Keystone pipeline).Nuclear energy has re-emerged as a big factor in India's ties with Canada. After signing a civil nuclear agreement with Canada, there is expectation that Canada might become a source of high quality uranium for India.Sources said some kind of an administrative arrangement would be needed to be worked out between India and Canada on the use and verification of the nuclear material that India would buy from Canada. However, officials from both sides have not met for almost a year. There is an expectation that the urgency of Harper's visit might spur action on this.India also feels more comfortable with the conservative Harper and both countries have collaborated on new issues. After a meeting between foreign minister S M Krishna and Baird recently in Toronto, Canada, sources said, played a \"positive\" role at the Nuclear Suppliers Group meeting in Seattle.Education is emerging as an area of interest for India, with more students choosing Canada as an education destination. The two sides want to push that in the coming years.On the security side, Indian officials say there is increasing evidence about the re-emergence of Khalistani activity in Canada. There have been reports of contacts between Khalistani leaders and Pakistani agents. This has increased India's interest in Canada as both sides mull over the contours of intelligence cooperation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16275504", "title": "Murder accused to be security guards", "text": "CHENNAI: An undertrial accused of murder and let out on bail could soon be hired as a security officer in your apartment building.The prisons department on Wednesday handed job orders to 30 undertrials in Puzhal, including five facing charges of murder, stirring a heated debate on whether the programme to rehabilitate prisoners would serve its purpose or allow killers to roam the city's streets.Experts are divided on whether the prisons department should recruit undertrials, including murder accused, as security guard even before they are judged by the courts.Former Army captain and former Chennai City Metropolitan Magistrate V J Arulraj, now practicing advocate in Madras high court, says, \"It is a good chance for the prisoners who would otherwise struggle to get a job.\"\"I think it is an excellent programme. The prison officials are not going to recruit people who are hardcore criminals and regular offenders,\" Arulraj said.Senior counsel V Kannadasan was critical of the initiative. \"If the programme is for prisoners who the court has declared are innocent, it will help them overcome the stigma of being accused of a crime,\" he said. \"The purpose of reformation will be served if the initiative was reserved for prisoners who have served their sentences.\" Officials are unlikely to be able to implement the proposed monitoring of prisoners being let out on bail, he said.Prisons chief Dogra expressed optimism that the programme - his brainchild - would be an unqualified success. \"I contacted city police commissioner J K Tripathy and he has assigned Madhavaram deputy commissioner of police S Lakshmi as the liaison officer to coordinate with the men being given employment outside prison,\" he said. \"People selected for the job will be monitored regularly.\"Though, many other private companies are approaching us to recruit more prisoners in their company as security guards through the rotary and few other clubs, \"We are not in a hurry now to exercise the same. We are now analyzing the project in trial and error process to wipe off the teething problems faced by us practically while recruiting the prisoners.\"A Suhail Sarfaraz, managing director of Exotic Vision Securitas and Facility Services Pvt Ltd, which is coordinating with the prisons department to place the undertrials said the candidates were found to have high IQ levels. \"We will not reveal the personal details of the candidates to our clients,\" he said. \"I am taking a risk and not the companies who are recruiting the prisoners.\"State minister for commercial taxes, courts and prisons C Ve Shanmugam handed over the appointment orders to the prisoners at a formal function in Puzhal on Wednesday.The entry points in the huge gates of Central Prison, Puzhal, opened at 4.05pm. Senior police officers including the prisons chief, additional director-general of police S K Dogra, and minister Shanmugam looked on as 30 prisoners in blue shirts and dark blue trousers marched in rows of three towards the stage. Shanmugam then handed the undertrials the work orders. The prisoners were understandably excited. \"I thought my life had come to an end here,\" a prisoner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273686", "title": "MBA student kills self over academic stress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 24-year-old MBA student, Rutika Sagar, committed suicide at her residence on Tuesday. According to Chandkheda police who are investigating the case, Sagar committed suicide owing to academic stress.\"Sagar, resident of new CG Road in Chandkheda, had completed a course in MBA some three months back. But, during the campus placement at her institute, she was not selected by any of the companies. The campus selection process was carried out thrice but Sagar could not make it to the list of successful candidates. This seems to be the primary cause behind the suicide,\" said Chandkheda police officials. The incident took place on Tuesday evening when Sagar was watching TV at home with her family. \"Since the last week, she was not in the right frame of mind and might have committed suicide because of this,\" said Chandkheda police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16274380", "title": "Schoolkids have harrowing time as vans go off road", "text": "KANPUR: Schoolchildren and their parents had a harrowing time on Wednesday when school van operators called a strike in protest against alleged RTO and traffic department harassment in form of drive against school vehicles flouting traffic and safety norms.The van owners also raised some demands against the Supreme Court orders according to which maximum number of school vehicles running in the city are flouting the norms.The school van owners demanded scrapping of the limit fees which is presently Rs 110 per seat. The limit of students to be carried in one van should also be extended, as per the school van owners.In view of the demands of van owners, the RTO officials gave no rebate. The RTO officials also said that they have not made any rules and regulations, but are only following the orders of government and Supreme Court.According to ARTO Sanjay Tiwari, majority of school vehicles are flouting norms. Many of them are running without permit while in many other vehicles, the drivers are working without licence.\"These vehicle owners are playing with the lives of kids which is not tolerable,\" added Sanjay.Meanwhile, the strike had thrown the city out of gear and parents were forced to pay hefty money for alternative conveyances to take their children to school.The kids and their parents were witnessed waiting in queues for rickshaws and autos. Guardians were forced to send their wards on double the rates.The run for catching buses was even worse. This is the reason why many kids were forced to miss the Teachers Day function at their schools while many returned home after getting no conveyance to reach to the destination in time.The aggrieved parents were caught unawares on Wednesday morning. \"I had to take time out from office to take my children home from school,\" said Rajesh Sharma.\"It took me more than an hour to reach school as I has to take three autos,\" said Nidhi, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273636", "title": "India commits to improve health of elderly", "text": "NEW DELHI: The country's elderly, who have long been neglected, finally have a reason to smile with India on Wednesday joining 10 South-East Asian countries to adopt the Yogyakarta Declaration on 'Ageing and Health', committing to improving national response to the health of ageing populations.The declaration comes at an important juncture with India's health ministry expecting 51% of the elderly population in India to be women by 2016. Overall, nearly 7.5% of India's population is presently aged 60 years and above.According to the ministry, India will soon become home to the second largest number of older people in the world. The challenges are unique with this population. A majority (80%) of them are in the rural areas thus making service delivery a challenge, and 30% of the elderly being below poverty line.What's worse, at present 1 in every 4 among India's elderly population are depressed, 1 in 3 suffer from arthritis while 1 in 5 can't hear. While 1 in 3 suffer from hypertension in India, almost half have poor vision. Around 1 in 10 experience a fall that results in fracture while 2 in 5 are anemic. One in 10 in rural India and 2 in 5 in urban suffer from diabetes with nearly 31% suffering from bowel disorders.By adopting the Yogyakarta Declaration, the health ministry acknowledges that healthy ageing is a major public health challenge.\"WHO follows a life-course approach to promoting healthy, active ageing. People who get the right start in life, follow healthy lifestyles and take good care of their health can expect to remain active during their eighth, ninth and even tenth decade of life,\" said Dr Margaret Chan, WHO director general.The ministers recognized that healthy ageing should optimize opportunities for the physical, social and mental health of older persons to enable them to take an active part in society and to enjoy an independent life without discrimination.However, while it would need national programmes to promote these issues, at present, the concept of healthy ageing is yet to be adequately recognized in many member countries.The ministers committed to a coherent, comprehensive and integrated approach to promote healthy ageing and to \"develop and strengthen national policy for healthy ageing and to formulate multi-sectoral national alliances for promoting healthy ageing, ensure provision of sufficient resources for programmes dealing with ageing and health taking into consideration the economic aspects of long-term care of the very old, both at the facility and household levels, strengthen the primary health care system to address the health needs of the elderly population including the in-service training of health professionals for the care of elderly persons and support the creation of dedicated cadres of health and social support caregivers within the existing health and social support systems.\"According to the report of the Union health ministry's working group on non communicable disease burden for the 12th five year plan, while in the 11th plan, Rs 1000 crores was allocated to take care of the elderly, Rs 3147 crore will be required to upscale the programme over the next five years.Ministry estimates say the number of people in the 60-plus age group in India will increase to 100 million in 2013 and to 198 million in 2030.The elderly population will increase to 12% of the total population by 2025, 10% of which would be bedridden, requiring utmost care.The ministry's revised National Programme for the Health Care of the Elderly (NPHCE) expects to have 20 institutions with capacity to produce 40 postgraduates in MD in geriatric medicine per year, additional 6400 beds in district hospitals and 1000 beds in medical colleges for the elderly by 2017.According to the 2006 World Population Prospects, by 2050, the number of Indians aged above 80 will increase more than six times from the current number of 78 lakh to nearly 5.14 crore. At present, 20% of this category in India suffer from Alzheimer's.The number of people over 65 years of age in the country is expected to quadruple from 6.4 crore in 2005 to 23.9 crore, while those aged 60 and above will increase from 8.4 crore to 33.5 crore in the next 43 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16274570", "title": "Court orders detention of bishop for contempt", "text": "TRICHY: The district munsif court has ordered to detain the bishop of Seventh Day Adventist (SDA) Church in Trichy, Pastor (Pr) Rethinaraj John and seven other preachers in civil prison for three months and attach their properties for contempt of court. They refused to appear in the additional district munsif court despite being served summons thrice. The petition was moved by Pr Sam Sudhakar, Pr Jayapal David and six others under Rule 39-2-A of Civil Procedure Code (CPC) for disobeying an earlier order passed by the same court.The seven people, who have been ordered by the court to be detained and their properties attached are Pr K Chelladurai, Pr Ambrose, (both of South East Tamil Union, Chennai), Pr R Edison Samuel, Pr John Wesley , Pr Solomon Pandiaraj, Pr Rethinaraj John, president, South Asia Division of SDA, and B S Rajendran.The petitioner, Sudhakar had been duly elected as the president of the North Tamil Conference in 2007 for a five-year term. The North Tamil Conference of SDA consists of 12 northern districts in Tamil Nadu including Puducherry and has a membership strength of about 36,000 people. There had been a longstanding power struggle and ideological clashes between Sudhakar and Pr Rethinaraj John.Sudhakar first approached the munsif court with a petition that John and others arbitrarily reduced the term of the incumbent president to three years and were in the process of conducting fresh elections. One of the respondents, Pr R Edison Samuel, was in the meanwhile elected as president of the conference with 20 executive members under him while the term of Sudhakar was yet to be over. The munsif court, in its January 10, 2011 order made the election null and void and held that Sudhakar should continue as the president for the time being.The respondents challenged the munsif court order before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court through a revision petition. In that petition, the operative portion of the order (the munsif court's setting aside the resolutions of the two executive committee's resolutions) had been stayed, but the rest of the orders were confirmed. The respondents were to stop the election process and to continue with the incumbent president until other arrangement were made.In spite of the orders, the respondents did not allow the petitions to administer the North Tamil Conference of Seventh Day Adventists. The respondents were accused of \"deliberately withholding all the records and documents, which were necessary for day to day administration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278441", "title": "\u2018Design your own degree\u2019 course concept", "text": "The entrance test to the 'BTech in humanities' course under the Meta-college concept of Delhi University was conducted recently. The course under the 'design your own degree' concept to be implemented by the Cluster Innovation Centre (CIC) is the first study programme to be offered under the Meta-college.A total of 410 students took the exam against the 40 available seats. \"While 462 students were allotted roll numbers to take the test, 410 appeared for the test, a rather good start for a new full-time course. However, unlike expectations that most applicants will be non-collegiate or from the School of Open Learning (SOL), only about a 100 were from these categories,\" says MM Chaturvedi, programme coordinator, CIC. He further adds to say that a large number of applicants from popular colleges including Hindu, Hansraj, Maitreyi, Miranda and Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC), among others, took the exam.According to Chandrachur Singh , faculty, political science, Hindu College, \"It is a good start. These are the kinds of courses that we need in this global era. There is a need to make our subjects more industry-oriented as well as to boost the creativity of students.\"The course, spread over eight semesters, will offer students five different streams \u2014 journalism, education, counselling, historical tourism, and art &amp; design to opt for their specialisations, along with other subjects.Ashim Saxena, a first-year, BCom (Programme) student of Deshbandhu College, who had applied for the innovation course, says, \"Though the test was a bit difficult, I feel the course must be interesting as it is different from the regular pattern of studies. It has come like a breather. a shift from the tried and tested module of study.\"It is clear, adds Chaturvedi, from the response that students want this freedom to choose their own course.The classes are expected to begin on September 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16272396", "title": "BBMP mops up property tax dues from today", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP today rolls out an extensive drive to collect dues from property tax evaders.\"We'll seize properties of those who refuse to pay tax dues,\" said BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel.On Wednesday, BBMP released a list of property tax evaders who have either not paid or understated the extent of property declared under the self-assessment scheme. The dues added up to a whopping Rs 16.58 crore. The evaders include prominent players in education, healthcare, textiles, real estate and IT across the city. Notices have been sent to all tax evaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16269778", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar's poor form against New Zealand worries Sunil Gavaskar", "text": "TIMES VIEWSachin must plan his retirement nowThere's no denying the sheer impact of Sachin Tendulkar's two-decade-long career on the cricketing world. The master blaster's class and brilliance have dazzled fans around the globe, while terrorising bowlers of all pedigrees. However, the recent two-match Test series against New Zealand showed a man well into the evening of his career. There's no doubting Sachin's love for the game, but at 39 his body is putting out signals that he would do well to heed. Having his stumps uprooted thrice in a row against average Kiwi bowlers bears testimony to Sachin's slowing reflexes. The will to perform is there, but execution is proving to be a challenge.Known for making comebacks, Sachin may yet turn around his form. But with age, his comebacks are getting increasingly painful. No matter what he does from this point onwards, his place in cricketing history is assured. In addition to being the highest run scorer in both formats of the game, Sachin's record of 100 international centuries is likely to remain a benchmark for a very long time. He will always be remembered as the first batsman to break the 200-run barrier in One-Day Internationals, while his legacy will continue to inspire generations of Indian cricketers to come. In such a scenario, Sachin has little else left to prove or achieve.It's important to note that Indian cricket today is in good hands with a battery of youngsters willing and able to take over from their seniors. Cheteshwar Pujara and Virat Kohli have done well to fill the void left behind by Rahul Dravid and V V S Laxman. Similarly, Sachin too should start thinking about making room for a talented youngster. He would do well to heed his mentor Sunil Gavaskar and retire when people ask why, not when they ask why not.COUNTERVIEWMaster blaster will know when to goAnil ThakkarIt's that time of the year again. Heaven forbid that Sachin Tendulkar should bat less than brilliantly in a few matches lest the knives come out as we are currently seeing. This has been a regular feature of our cricketing calendar for over half-a-decade now. In all the hoopla, everyone forgets that the same concerns were raised in the latter part of the last decade when he had hit a rough patch. But he came roaring back to form and dismissed those concerns with the same contemptuous ease with which he despatches bowlers when on song.What's amusing about all this is the reasoning that he should quit now because he is past his peak and blocking the advancement of gifted young players. Who exactly are these paragons of youthful talent? Virat Kohli and Cheteshwar Pujara excepted - those two do seem to have what it takes - Suresh Raina seems to be the best we can find at the moment. And he is very far from being a genuine, dependable Test batsman. Or is it Rohit Sharma they are talking about? He has shown himself lacking in temperament more often than not. Yes, Sachin is past his prime, but he is still worth two of Raina and his ilk. Take his name out from that batting line-up and suddenly it begins to look very flimsy.After decades of yeoman service to the national cricket team - after the joy he has brought to the nation time and again - the eagerness with which we rush to pull him down should give us cause for self-reflection. World cricket has rarely seen a genius like him. No one is better qualified than the man himself to judge when it is time to go. Another legend of the game, Glenn McGrath, made that point just a few days ago, as have others before him. We would do well to heed them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bijpur (north 24 parganas)", "code": "16273761", "title": "Locals seek strict sentence for molesters", "text": "Bijpur (North 24 Parganas): A day after a woman was molested and slashed with a razor blade by goons, residents of Palladaha stormed into the Bijpur police station on Wednesday to protest against the brutal assault and demanded exemplary punishment for the accused.\"In most cases, the police do not slap stringent charges on the accused in molest cases and thus they easily get bail. This gives them the courage to go about committing more of such crimes,\" alleged locals. Later in the day, the two youths - Raju Chandra and Bhakta Debnath - were produced in Barrackpore court and sent to judicial custody for 14 days.\"The duo has been booked under sections 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons), 354 (assault or criminal force on a woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC. We are also investigating whether more persons were associated with the violence,\" said Kalyan Mukherjee, deputy commissioner, detective department, Barrackpore.On Wednesday, residents of Palladaha stormed into the Bijpur police station to protest against the brutal assault on the 28-year-old woman and demanded exemplary punishment for the accused. \"In most cases, the police do not slap stringent charges on the accused in molest cases and thus they easily get bail. This gives them the courage to go about committing more of such crimes,\" alleged locals.The victim, however, alleged that she was threatened with dire consequences by the duo - who were in the police lock-up in Bijpur prior to trial - when she went to lodge a complaint on Wednesday. Locals said both Raju and his relative Bhakta have had a criminal past.\"Earlier, they used to live at Nabadwip in Nadia where they were accused in a criminal case. After spending a few months in a jail in Kolkata, the duo came to Bijpur. It's been two years since they have been living here,\" sources said.The villagers alleged that antisocial activities have been on a rise in the area ever since several criminals from outside have started taking shelter here.\"Some criminals from other places have set up their dens at Shimultala in Palladaha. It is from here that they carry on with their criminal activities. They also drink openly and often tease the women of the locality, but nobody dares to protest against this anarchy in fear of being attacked,\" said Santosh Das, a local resident.It may be recalled that the 28-year-old woman was attacked by the goons when she protested against their drunken ruckus. Apart from abusing her, they dragged her out of the house, molested her and slashed her with a razor blade on the hand and face. Though the victim's 15-year-old son tried to rescue his mother, but they shoved him aside and continued with the attack.Later, the locals caught hold of them and handed the goons over to cops.The Tuesday's incident comes only a week after a 14-year-old girl of Sahidnagar in Bijpur was molested and slashed with a razor by two drunken youths for protesting lewd comments the duo passed at her at Bijpur's Sahapukur. The incident occurred on August 27 evening while the girl, a class VIII student of a Kanchrapara English medium school was returning home after attending her private coaching class. But the two accused Mithun Das and Mrinal Ghosh alias Panu who were arrested in this connection got bail after being produced in the Barrackpore court. \"The duo was slapped with only the charge under section of 354ipc (outrage of woman's modesty) following which both the accused was granted bail by the court. The girl who was molested and slashed by them is still traumatized fearing further attempt on her life. Some associates of the accused allegedly threatened the girl's family members with dire consequences several times after the duo was out on bail. The girl's parents already complained to the Bijpur police that they were being threatened with harm,\" a local said on condition of anonymity.On Tuesday afternoon the 34-year-old homemaker Marina Bibi was attacked by two drunken youths in front of her son outside her house at Bijpur's Palladaha, barely 1 km away from Sahapukur where class VIII girl was attacked. The accused Raju Chandra and Bhakta Debnath, the local youths started a drunken brawl in front of the Marina's house when Akal Seikh, her husband and a mason by profession was not at home. While she rushed out of her home and protested them, the duo pounced on her. One of them took out a blade from his pocket and slashed on her left arm repeatedly. On hearing her screams Marina's 15-year-old son Abdul also rushed out and tried to resist the goons from attacking his mother, but the duo ferociously molested and slashed the woamn in front of her son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16275133", "title": "Special trains to meet festival rush", "text": "Hubli: The South Western Railway has decided to run express special trains to clear extra rush in view of the Dasara/Diwali festival. Train number 06515 Bangalore city-Tirunelveli weekly express special will depart from Bangalore city at 06-45 hrs on Sundays from September 23 to November 25 and arrive at Tirunelveli at 19-30 hrs on the same day. Train number 06516 Tirunelveli-Bangalore city weekly special will depart from Tirunelveli at 22-55 hrs on Sundays from September 23 to November 25 and arrive in Bangalore city at 12-50 hrs on Mondays.Train number 06221 Mysore-Bangalore city daily express special will depart from Mysore at 08-00 hrs from October 1 to November 30 (Total: 61 specials only) and arrive at Bangalore city station at 11-15 hrs on the same day. Train number 06222 Bangalore city-Mysore daily express will depart from Bangalore city at 12-05 hrs from October 1 to November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16275418", "title": "Siddu will visit BSY's constituency", "text": "Mysore: Opposition leader in the Legislative Assembly Siddaramaiah seems to have taken former CM B S Yeddyurappa's recent tour in his Varuna constituency seriously. He is now planning a counter political move touring Sikaripur segment in Shimoga, where, he said, he will inform the people about the BJP leader's misdeeds. Shikaripur is represented by Yeddyurappa. \"Was I jailed? Did I commit irregularities in mining ? I'll tour Shikaripur and explain,\" he said on Wednesday. He alleged that the BJP leaders have 'managed' the crowd at Varuna. \"People will come on their own when he visits Shikaripur,\" he said. He said he is ready to contest against anybody in the Varuna constituency. He also blamed speaker K G Bopaiah andCM Jagadish Shettar for allowing the legislators to tour abroad when the state is facing drought. . , but it. They should have cancelled the tour, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "16274393", "title": "Sivakasi fireworks blast kills 37, leaves 70 injured", "text": "SIVAKASI: At least 37 workers died and more than 70 were injured when a series of powerful explosions ripped through a large unit in Sivakasi, the capital of the fireworks industry on Wednesday.Officials quoted doctors here as saying that 35 bodies had been recovered from the site of the blasts at Om Shakthi Fireworks Ltd. Four workers died in hospitals in Madurai, 85km away. Many died in the blaze that spread after the blasts. Several of the survivors were in a critical condition.The explosions and the fire were so devastating that they reduced 40 of 48 sheds in the unit to rubble. Eyewitnesses told police that many victims perished w they rushed to the aid of workers in the block, where the first blasts went off at 12.15pm.A revenue official said the toll in Wednesday's accident was higher than in any other accident in Sivakasi in the past 20 years, a devastating reminder of the lack of regulation in the industry.The deputy controller of explosives had suspended the licence of Om Shakthi Fireworks on August 28 after an inspection showed that the unit, located on the outskirts of the town, had flouted several norms, including exceeding the limit of chemicals it was permitted to stock. However, it had continued to function, and employees said they were forced to speed up work after the licence was revoked to meet existing commitments.Almost all victims were daily wage workers from surrounding villages who were paid a maximum of 150 a day. Their wages were similar to those of the workforce in the 750-odd authorised manufacturing units and hundreds of smaller unlicensed units here, which carry out jobs for the bigger players.A team of three experts from the office of the controller of explosives, who inspected the factory after the accident, said the explosion could have been caused by excessive stocks of explosive materials.\"There were about 300 workers in the unit, or around seven to eight people in a room, which is a violation of safety norms,\" said M Mahalakshmi, secretary of the Sivakasi Cracker and Matchstick Units Workers Association. She said the rules permitted only four workers in a room.TIMES VIEWState and central governments have predictably expressed shock and grief at the horrendous tragedy in Sivakasi and announcements of compensation have also been made. But that is not enough. What we need is a stringent regulatory regime for what is a hazardous industry. More importantly, whatever regulations and laws are put in place must be enforced. Unless this is done, such tragedies will keep recurring with depressing regularity and we can continue to express grief and shock to no effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16271246", "title": "Break-ins on the rise in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: City residents are avoiding leaving their houses unguarded post dusk even for parties or family functions for fear of being robbed. There has been a sudden spurt in theft cases in the city and residents of most of the upscale neighbourhoods in the city are scared of thieves breaking into their houses in their absence and stealing their valuables.City police, meanwhile, are trying hard to nab the criminals involved in break-ins and struggling to counter the sharp rise in robberies.On Sunday night, Dispur police station registered two theft cases in the Rukminigaon area. Thieves broke into the rented houses of Rupraj Baruah, who works in a private company, and Surajit Singh, a state government official, and looted over Rs two lakh rupees worth assets from the two houses.\"I had gone out with my family for a drive in the evening. When we returned at 8 pm, we found the front door locked from inside and the back door broken. We had been robbed. What is surprising that the robbers broke into our house in the late evening hours, when the roads are still crowded. What about police patrolling?\" said Rupraj.However, the police defended themselves and blamed the rise in robberies on the constant manpower shortage faced by the department. \"Shortage of manpower is a major problem for the city police. Moreover, nowadays criminals work in an organised manner and it is very difficult to prevent such crimes. Often, they rope in housemaids and drivers work as agents to inform them the whereabouts of house owners,\" said a senior police official.According to state police department's figures, 31 dacoities and 252 robbery cases were registered in the city during 2011 alone. The total number of theft and dacoity cases since January this year would be at least 200, a police official added.On June 12 this year, a group of robbers, with the help of one such housemaid, not only robbed one Yasmin Begum but also killed her in broad daylight. Their maid left the main door open while going to dry clothes on the terrace. The group entered the house and killed Begum and looted the house. Later, the maid and her associates were arrested.\"We have been asking people to crosscheck identities of maids and drivers with the police. But, the response is very low. One needs to be careful while hiring people because mostly it is these people who inform robbers' gangs about the suitable timing to break into their employers' houses for looting and share a cut from the loot,\" said a policeman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16273978", "title": "IG Shobha Ohatkar to probe Kanchanbala\u2019s suicide", "text": "PATNA: Police headquarters has directed IG Shobha Ohatkar to inquire into the circumstances which led to the suicide of Kanchanbala Jha in Sitamarhi recently.Kanchan had left a seven-page suicide note accusing the local police, including Sitamarhi SP Vivek Kumar, of not taking any action even though ruffians kept on chasing her, passed unsavoury remarks and even kidnapped her brother just to force her to give 'indecent favour' to them.Shobha, a 1990-batch IPS officer, was away in Pune on central deputation and returned to her parent cadre only a couple of days back. DGP Abhayanand has directed her to make a detailed inquiry into the incident and the role of local police.Shobha on Wednesday started examining witnesses, family members and police personnel in Sitamarhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16273440", "title": "Biker duo rob senior citizen", "text": "NASHIK: Two unidentified persons robbed an elderly woman of a gold chain and gold bangles, while she was walking home on Gangapur Road on Monday afternoon. The duo on a bike approached 55-year-old Tara Pagare and asked for an address of a 'Gangubai', saying she was murdered.The youth then quickly grabbed her hand, removed the bangles and also the gold chain, collectively worth Rs 62,000, and fled. The incident took place on Monday between 1.00 and 2.00 pm, but the complaint was lodged on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16275462", "title": "High court cracks down on illegal encroachments", "text": "JAIPUR: Here is a golden chance for the dried up Ramgarh Dam to be restored to its pristine glory when it had so much water that the 1982 Asian Games yachting event was held here! And you can help.If you find that government authorities were conniving with encroachers who have blocked the dam's natural waterway and robbed the reservoir of its water that used to quench Jaipur residents' thirst not so long ago, you can directly report it to the Rajasthan high court. Despite a series of stern directions from the high court over the past couple of months, encroachments on Ramgarh's catchment could not be removed completely.HC seeks info from public on Ramgarh on Sept 12Jaipur: Despite a series of stern directions from the Rajasthan high court over the past couple of months, encroachments on Ramgarh's catchment could not be removed completely. As a result, the dam could not be filled even though Jaipur district received record rains in August-September . In 1981 when Jaipur was flooded, it rained 1107 mm in the district . In the past fortnight, it has rained more than 1033 mm. But Ramgarh is still dry.The court noted this with concern on Wednesday while hearing the suo motu petition over the dam's plight and the government authorities' alleged apathy towards the district's famed water body. A single bench of Justice M N Bhandari has given liberty to the common man to share with the court any information related to encroachments in Ramgarh's basin.If the residents have information about encroachments that have been concealed from the court or about instances wherein the government authorities were showing bias in removing certain encroachments, they can directly report it to the bench on September 12 when the litigation would be heard again.Alternatively, people can share such information with the court's monitoring committee comprising advocates Virendra Dangi and A K Bhargava or with the additional advocate general R P Singh.In its fresh direction to the government authorities concerned , the court has again cautioned that no bias be shown towards 'influential encroachers' . Justice Bhandari categorically noted that the officer favouring an encroacher would be personally held accountable in the court.In a related development, the single bench also directed the state government to ensure that polluted water was not discharged in a river or any natural water body across Rajasthan. On September 3, TOI had reported that river Bandi in Pali district was gradually dying because polluted waters discharged by industries along its course were being released into it.The bench ordered on Wednesday that polluted waters be let into rivers or water bodies only after being properly cleansed through the water treatment plants. The court also ordered that the government authorities conduct periodic reviews in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16273787", "title": "Teacher booked for molestation, NGO cries foul", "text": "PONDA: Following a complaint lodged by a 14-year-old school girl from Shiroda in Ponda on Wednesday afternoon for allegedly outraging her modesty, the Ponda police booked a teacher from a reputed high school from Shiroda. The police have registered the case under Section 354 of the IPC and Section 8(2) of the Goa Children's Act.The girl alleged that the teacher molested her twice during the second week of August and the delay in lodging the complaint with the police was due to a school-level inquiry in the case, Ponda police said late Wednesday evening.The police approached the house of the accused, but he was not home and the police have issued a notice against him to remain present at the Ponda police station on Thursday morning, Dalvi added. Social activist and chairperson of NGO Savera, Tara Kerkar defended the teacher saying that the allegations levelled against him are false. She said that there was no molestation incident and that even the girl's father told her that his daughter was forced to file the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16273870", "title": "Azgaonkar guns for MMC for 'targeting' Gandhi market", "text": "MARGAO: Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar said that the Margao Municipal Council ( MMC) should take action against encroachments in other parts of Margao and not just target the Gandhi market. He also demanded that the municipality do something about the congestion at the entrance of the Gandhi market.Speaking on behalf of the 'Vegetable readymade and cloth vendors' association', Azgaonkar criticized the government's decision to allow sale-cum-exhibition pandals to be set up on government-owned private space as he said that vendors in government-run markets pay rent and taxes to the government. \"There is a loss of revenue to the government with these exhibitions, and if this continues we will have to take law into our hands,\" added Azgaonkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16273330", "title": "Chaos mars 'Raaz 3' promotion at Ghaziabad management school", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Chaos broke out at the promotion venue of the new thriller Raaz 3 in Ghaziabad when the crowd, mostly comprising students, went berserk in trying to meet the stars of the movie Emraan Hashmi and Bipasha Basu . A major disaster was averted when the unruly crowd broke chairs and railings in the management college where the promotional event was being organized.The star cast and director Mahesh Bhatt reached IMS in Ghaziabad at 5pm. There were thousands of students in the hall wishing to get a glimpse of the actors and get autographs and photographs clicked with them. \"Putting their lives in danger, the students screamed and swung on the railing so that they were able to see them,\" said Umesh, an eyewitness.The management institute's spokesperson, Sanjay, however, denied that anything unruly had taken place. \"There was no chaos and everything was in place. Sometimes a little problem occurs when stars make their presence in public,\" said Sanjay.Even though a major crowd was expected at the event, no police presence was seen at the institute. \"We had informed the police about the visit of the Raaz 3 star cast,\" said Manoj Sharma, IMS coordinator.When asked about the permission and the incident, Ghaziabad SP (City) SS Yadav said, \"The police had no information either in written or oral about the visit of the film stars at IMS. We will investigate the case.\"\"The entire crowd was out of control. The security staff failed to manage the situation and the stars had to be safety taken away within five minutes of the event starting. There was no police security arrangement and students were pulling at each other and standing on the plastic chairs. Some students fell off as the chairs broke,\" said another eyewitness at the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16273345", "title": "Speaker orders probe into Congrress MLA's 'criminal' past", "text": "RANCHI: Assembly speaker C P Singh on Wednesday asked the chief secretary and the director general of police to investigate the details of cases of dacoity and other crimes pending against Congress legislator Chandrashekhar Dubey and submit a report by Thursday.The order was issued after BJP MLA Uma Shankar Akela produced in the assembly certain documents claiming to be from police records alleging that Dubey has criminal antecedents and had even spent months in jail in several cases during 1970-74.\"The Congress MLA has criminal antecedents and yet he stalls the proceedings of the house by calling others criminals. The matter should be investigated so that reality comes to fore,\" Akela said.Taking exception to the point raised by the BJP legislator, Congress MLAs walked into the well. \"The BJP member has made personal attack against our senior leader and that too at a time when Dubey is not in the assembly. We are not going to tolerate this type of personal attack on our senior leader,\" said Congress MLA Saurabh Narayan Singh.Reacting to the statement of the Congress MLA, the legislators of the BJP and the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha , too, trooped into the well. \"Before preaching us lessons on ethics and morality, the Congress MLAs should ensure that their leader does not make personal comment on the speaker,\" said JMM MLA Lobin Hembrom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273540", "title": "'Complete all 8 pumping stations'", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven years after the 2005 deluge, the BMC has made little progress in implementation of the fact-finding Chitale Committee's recommendations on augmenting pumping stations and water-holding capacity of drains. Experts told TOI that till all the eight pumping stations proposed under the Brihanmumbai Municipal Storm Water Drain (Brimstowad) project are complete, Mumbai will continue to flood.Of the eight, only two pumping stations are operational till date. Work on two others is far from complete and on four others is yet to even begin.The two operational pumping stations at Irla and Haji Ali proved less than adequate when heavy rains started lashing the city on Monday. Milan and Andheri subways and some Juhu areas, which fall within the radius of the Irla pumping station, were flooded with knee-deep waters.Work on the pumping stations at Love Grove in Worli and Cleaveland Bunder in Reay Road has started but it only 20% and 25% complete, respectively. Work on four other pumping stations at the Britannia outfall in Reay Road, Mahul , Guzderband in Khar and Mogra in Andheri is yet to start.\"Pumping stations were proposed to give relief to low-lying areas from flooding, but the civic body's sluggish pace of implementing the committee recommendations is definitely the reason why the city floods every time it rains more than 50mm,\" said a former chief engineer from the storm water drains department.The other aspects of the Brimstowad project are around 60% complete. Only 13 of the 20 works were completed in the first phase while only two of the 34 works were ready in the second phase. Due to the BMC's inability to remove encroachments, the effectiveness of completed projects is also affected. Delay in implementation has led to a rise in project cost from Rs 1,200 crore to Rs 3,500 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16273782", "title": "IBM has power, let it monitor mining wrongs, says Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: The Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM) has powers to take action against mining irregularities in Goa on its own and need not write to the state government to keep a check on the wrongdoings in the sector, chief minister Manohar Parrikar told mediapersons on Wednesday.Parrikar was questioned on a TOI report that the IBM had written to the Goa government to keep a check on dump mining in the state and other irregularities. \"Goa has a limited role. As per the law, the Goa government has powers only to regulate storage, transportation and collection of royalty of the ore. These are the major areas where the state government is concerned with mining in the state other than some smaller aspects. It is for the central government to deal with environment-related issues and they have to take action against irregularities in this regard,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar said that all help will be provided by the state government in regulation of mines whenever the central government authorities want to take action against violaters. \"If the central government has a problem beyond the areas in which the state government is dealing, let them correct it themselves. Let the central government officials come and check the violations for themselves. If they want to shut the mines, I will provide them with the police officials and other help,\" Parrikar said.He said that the Mines and Minerals (Regulation and Development) Act 1957 clearly marked the duties of the state and the central government in regulation of mines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16271916", "title": "Mayor, wife get relief in land case", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Wednesday stayed for a week further proceedings against mayor D Venkatesh Murthy and his wife K Prabha in the 'bagair hukum' land controversy following their petition. Justice HN Nagamohan Das also ordered BMTF to file objections.The petitioners claimed that BMTF police registered a case without a complaint and obtained permission from the magistrate for probing the case based on a newspaper report. The report claimed the couple had sought land allotment by giving false information.The petitioners contended that the BMTF police station was not authorised and has no jurisdiction to investigate the case under Section 197 of the Indian Penal Code. They also claimed as illegal the June 8, 2012 order of the assistant commissioner to revoke the grant of 8 acres (4 acres each) in Somanahalli village in Uttarahalli hobli. BMTF police registered a suo motu case on August 16.Relief for HDKIn some relief to former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy , the high court on Wednesday exempted him from personal appearance for a week in relation to a private complaint against him and others in the Lokayukta special court at Bangalore. The matter relates to denotification of BDA-acquired land at Thanisandra village. The Lokayukta court had directed Kumaraswamy to appear on Sept. 11.Notice to Lokayukta policeWhile refusing to stay proceedings, Justice HN Nagamohan Das ordered notice to Lokayukta police on a writ petition filed by former minister Katta Subramanya Naidu challenging the chargesheet filed against him in the KIADB land scam.Bail plea rejectedJustice HN Nagamohan Das on Wednesday rejected the bail petition filed by Abdul Rashid Hussein Malbari, an alleged associate of the Chota Shakeel gang. The judge directed the trial court in Mangalore to conclude the trial in 45 days. Malabari was apprehended by Ullal police in March 2009 and various cases been registered against him under the Indian Arms Act and several sections of the Indian Penal Code for extortion, etc. The trial court rejected his bail plea on April 13.Relief for Srirangapatna MLAJustice HN Nagamohan Das on Wednesday quashed the proceedings on the grounds of delay against Ramesh Bandi Sidde Gowda, JDS legislator representing Srirangapatna constituency. Though the case was registered on May 2, 2008, the chargesheet was filed on December 2, 2009 for violation of code of conduct. Sections under which the case was registered carried a maximum punishment of six months' imprisonment, whereas there was more than a year's delay in filing the chargesheet.The authorities had charged that he, and party chief HD Kumaraswamy, engaged in electioneering from 10.30pm to 3.30am, violating the code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273625", "title": "Man held for riding stolen bike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The crime branch's officials on Wednesday arrested a man who was caught riding a stolen bike. Police believe that he could be a part of a gang of bike thieves.Acting on a tip-off received by police constable Ishwar Somabhai, a team of crime branch officials staked out a crossroads on the Drive In Road. They intercepted Pradipsinh Rathod, alias Pintu (24), a resident of Gota.Rathod told the cops that he was employed by a private firm. However, he could not furnish ownership and registration documents for the bike he was riding.On being interrogated further, Rathod said that he had purchased the bike from his cousin Mahipalsinh in Rajasthan.\"Rathod claims that during a recent visit to Rajasthan, he had met the cousin who offered to sell him the bike which had Gujarat's registration number,\" said a crime branch official.\"Though Mahipalsinh did not have the documents, he apparently persuaded Rathod to purchase the two-wheeler. Rathod says he paid him Rs 20,000 in advance and took the bike. Investigations have been handed over to the Sola police since the bike was stolen from their jurisdiction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273502", "title": "Mumbai takes small steps to eco-friendly Ganeshas, with curios", "text": "MUMBAI: Given that Ganeshotsav is not just a festival of, for and by big mandals and a grand spectacle of plaster of paris, individual craftsmen choose this season to display Ganpati curios that make a pretty picture throughout the year.Unlike mass producers, Nirmitee in Dadar employs biodegradable material to sculpt curios. Well known for its picturesque and innovative Ganpatis, Nirmitee has displayed an array of 1,001 idols made from mushroom, bottle gourd, coconut and bamboo at its Dadar showroom. A carved bottle gourd bearing an image of the lord sits beside another fashioned like a 'kamandal' that mendicants carry.\"We have even used pods of gulmohar this season. All the raw material is treated and preserved in fenugreek for over a year-and-a-half. These Ganeshas will last longer than electronic items, which give way within a few years,\" claims proprietor Surendra Sohanraj Khajanchi. Nirmitee's idols cost anywhere from Rs 100 to Rs 1.25 lakh.In Sion, Ramaben Shah, wife of a saffron dealer, adds an element of gimmickry to her miniature Ganpatis by sculpting them blindfolded. \"The biggest one is nine inches tall. I have been making small idols by hand without using a mould, since the year 2000. Throughout the exercise I chant mantras and shlokas to increase their spiritual potency,\" she claims.Shah has several records to her credit, among them one for making 999 idols in a span of 24 hours. She claims to hold the world record for making 9,999 Ganeshas in 99 days, all washable and unbreakable. She claims to have made 62,000 miniatures within the past year, at the rate of 184 a day for 339 days. On two occasions, she conducted marathon idol-making sessions at Siddhivinayak temple.Despite the abundant numbers she produces, Shah does not sell these idols off the shelf. She claims the pieces are customised to suit people who approach her with their problems. \"They leave behind a token of their appreciation and I use this money to buy material for the next lot,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "16274595", "title": "Man hacks wife, daughter to death", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: A man hacked his wife and daughter to death in their house at Aatrangarai village near Uchipuli here before attempting to commit suicide in the early hours of Wednesday. Police are still probing the actual motive of the murders as the man is still unconscious in the hospital though his condition is said to be normal.Mohammed Ali, 67, killed his wife Fatima Devi, 43, and daughter Sahitha Begum, 23, with a sickle and had dumped all their clothes at the entrance of the house and attempted to set them on fire. A neighbour, who found these things, one relative of Fatima in Madurai, who alerted the police. When police rushed to the spot, they found both women dead in the house and Mohammed Ali was found at the front yard in an unconscious state. Uchipuli police have filed a case and are investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16274955", "title": "BC quota: Cong may push for constitutional amendment", "text": "HYDERABAD: Faced with the prospects of the TDP and YSR Congress hijacking the BC vote bank in the run up to the 2014 elections, the ruling Congress appears to have no choice but to rally behind the community to retain its 34 per cent reservation in the panchayati raj elections. And they would do this by ensuring that the state assembly passes a resolution urging the Centre to bring about a constitutional amendment to increase the cap on the total political reservations from 50 per cent to 60 per cent as was done in the case of Tamil Nadu .The AP high court had on Tuesday directed the state to conduct local body elections within three months after ensuring that the total reservations for SCs/STs and BCs do not cross the 50 per cent mark. The BCs are up in arms as the implementation of HC verdict would mean cutting down their reservation from the existing 34 per cent to 24 per cent.The Congress is already on the back foot as far as protecting the interests of the BC community. While the TDP has announced that it would reserve 100 seats for the community in the 2014 assembly elections, the YSR Congress has gone a step further and said it would reserve half of the 294 seats for the BCs. Within the Congress itself, two BC ministers are at the receiving end. While former minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana is in jail in the Jagan assets case, roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao also has been chargesheeted by the CBI in the same case. And to further add to the miseries of the Congress , the party has been put on the defensive on the issue of putting a cap on the fee reimbursement for BC students .It is in this background that the HC verdict directing the state to reduce the quota for BCs from 34 per cent to 24 per cent has been delivered. \"Initially, it was thought that Congress can once again regain the confidence of the BCs by challenging the HC verdict in the Supreme Court. However, an easier way was found in the form of going for a constitutional amendment,\" said party sources.The constitutional amendment has turned out to be the easier way out for the Congress because, the issue being such, there would be no opposition to such a resolution in the state assembly, and it is sure to be passed unanimously . \"The Tamil Nadu assembly passed such a resolution increasing the quota cap to 70 per cent and the Centre brought about the constitutional amendment. AP too can look forward to such a development ,\" said political analysts.According to the sources, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy is expected to soon convene either an all party meeting or a round table with BC ministers, MLAs and leaders of BC organizations to discuss the consequences of Tuesday's judgment before the issue snowballs into another embarrassment. The date of the meeting will be fixed upon the arrival of the chief minister from Kurnool district on Thursday evening, they said.Meanwhile, state BC welfare association leader R Krishnaiah said the state government should immediately get the constitution amended to protect the 34 per cent reservation in place in the state for the PR polls. \"The 50 per cent ceiling is not sacrosanct. The reservations in TN have far exceeded 50 per cent. The CM should not put an end to the 20 year-old practice,\" he said adding that they would launch a protest starting from the villages to defend the 34 per cent reservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16278723", "title": "Malaria alert: 2772 houses were visited by the field staff in which 1783 coolers checked", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Malaria wing of health department of Chandigarh Administration has geared up field activities for prevention and control of malaria and dengue. As many as 2772 houses were visited by the field staff in which 1783 coolers were checked. Mosquito breeding found in the coolers were destroyed on the spot and 14 notices were also issued to the residents for creating mosquitogenic situations.Goverment Model Middle School, Bapu Dham Colony, Sector-26, Chandigarh has been visited by the officials of the Malaria Wing as a part of awareness campaign for educating the students for taking preventive steps for prevention and control of malaria and dengue.Special attention is paid in slums/ rural areas and cooperation from the other departments were also sought to tackle any unwanted situation.An interstate border meeting of Chandigarh Administration, Punjab and Haryana will be held for working out future strategy for Prevention and Control of Malaria and Dengue in the adjoining areas.The list of precautions issued by the department include:Do's and Don'ts for prevention &amp; Control of Malaria &amp; DengueDo not allow water to stagnate in and around your houses.Remove water from coolers and other small containers at least once in a week.Always keep house top tank properly covered.Do not throw discarded containers, tyres, pitchers and pots on the roof top.Do not wear clothes that expose arms &amp; legs.Use mosquito nets or mosquito repellents while sleeping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272861", "title": "More FIFA support for India to host U-17 WC", "text": "NEW DELHI: To give India's bid for the U-17 World Cup in 2017 a boost, FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke was in the Capital to chalk out plans with the All India Football Federation top brass on Wednesday.AIFF president Praful Patel addressed a press conference after the meeting with Valcke and his team saying that the world football's governing body is bent on improving sports health in the country.\"We have signed an agreement on strategic and technical assistance for hosting the event and ways to improve the game at the grassroots,\" said the AIFF president. He also said that a 10-year vision statement named Lakshya has been prepared which will be given to the FIFA general secretary.\"The statement is all about how we are planning to go about in the coming years. Our aim is to qualify for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar ,\" said Patel. He also made a formal request to the FIFA for 12 more astro-turfs and some financial assistance for developing infrastructure.Valcke promised to look into India's request and said, \"We are not looking for a return from our investment in India. FIFA is on a sound financial footing till 2022. We are often accused of entering a country and running away with the money, which is blatantly untrue. We are here to see football grow. I would like to see football emerge as the number one sport in the country by 2022. Sorry cricket!\"India's bid for the U-17 World Cup is almost ready and will be submitted within a couple of weeks so that it can be discussed in the FIFA executive committee meeting on September 27 and 28.Meanwhile, the latest drop in India's ranking to 169 - the lowest in its history - has left the AIFF president red-faced. \"I agree with Nabi's (Syed Rahim) statement that the ranking system doesn't reflect the true nature of our national team's ability. But at the same time, we should be playing more international matches with good teams.\" He criticized the past policy of not playing \"better teams\" and thus avoiding defeats by huge margins. \"It was a wrong policy,\" the president said.Patel said Indian football is poised for a big leap and appreciated FIFA's efforts in helping India emerge as a strong football nation.Maken assures help for U-17Sports Minister Ajay Maken on Wednesday assured FIFA that the government will extend all support to the world body for hosting the U-17 World Cup here in 2017.A top All India Football Federation (AIFF) official said Maken addressed to all issues raised by FIFA during the meeting for hosting the U-17 World Cup. \"FIFA had raised the issue of delay in government clearance for the U-17 World Cup. But Maken told them that it may take some time but eventually it will be cleared. Maken assured FIFA that the government will extend its full support to the AIFF and FIFA for hosting the U-17 World Cup,\" the official said on the condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274060", "title": "Maharashtra minister Darda\u2019s fate hangs in the balance", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fate of Maharashtra education minister Rajendra Darda may hinge on Congress leadership's reading of the CBI case against him in the coal block allocation case.Sources said there was no clarity about the CBI case against Darda family members. Congress wants to be sure about the nature of alleged violations by the Maharashtra leader. A final call may have to wait for party chief Sonia Gandhi's return from abroad where she has gone for health check-up.The political scene is agog with rumours of Darda resigning from the state ministry ever since CBI booked three members of the family during its investigations into the coal block allocations. While Rajendra is a minister in the state, his brother Vijay Darda is a Congress MP in Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273745", "title": "One case of swine flu reported", "text": "LUCKNOW: A new case of H1N1 infection was reported on Wednesday out of 14 samples which were sent to Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences. With this, the total number of swine flu cases has touched 67. And four suspected cases of swine flu were being examined by the microbiologists at the SGPGI whose report will come on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16273026", "title": "Government hikes para teachers' salary", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Wednesday bowed to the long-pending demand of hike in the salaries of vidyarthi mitra, shiksha karmi, lok jumbish karmi and madarsa para teachers. These teachers will get 25% hike in their actual salary in 2010. The hike is applicable from July 2012.The hike will vary from Rs 2,500 to Rs 500 depending on the salary slabs of teachers' cadre. The move will benefit nearly 40,000 vidyarthi mitras, 12,000 shiksha karmis, 5,500 madarsa para teachers and 1,200 lok jumbish karmis.Gehlot made the announcement while speaking at the felicitation function of 60 teachers on 'Teachers Day' at Birla Auditorium.The chief minister informed that efforts to bring back 12 lakh dropout students yielded results as 7 lakh among them are back in schools. While taking serious note of the poor students-teachers ratio in many schools, Gehlot asked the department to find out the schools having imbalance in students-teachers ratio.\"The imbalance should be corrected with immediate affect,\" said Gehlot. \"The state has 33 private universities and seven new state universities will produce a number of graduates in different subjects leading to nation-building,\" Gehlot said.Meanwhile, the government has awarded 60 teachers for showcasing excellence in education. These teachers were awarded in different categories on the basis of their performance ie, 100% results, raising enrollment ratio and introducing innovative techniques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273602", "title": "Former college students caught drinking on campus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Five students were caught drinking liquor in the hostel of LD Engineering college in Navrangpura on Wednesday. One of them is the son of a police official. A complaint in this regard has been registered at the Gujarat University police station. They turned out to be students who have recently passed out of the college and now face suspension.\"Their parents will be intimated about their activities. A committee has been formed to probe into the matter and based on its recommendations, further punitive action will be initiated,\" said college authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16275169", "title": "BJP leaders vie to play to Telangana gallery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Further upping the ante on the Telangana issue , hours after BJP leader Sushma Swaraj promised that Telangana would be formed within three months if the NDA came to power, senior leader L K Advani said on Wednesday that the separate state would be announced immediately after the NDA came to power. The shortening of deadlines by the BJP leaders on the separate state demand took place on the day when state party unit chief G Kishan Reddy ended his three-day deeksha held at Jantar Mantar in Delhi in support of Telangana . On Tuesday, former BJP national president Rajnath Singh had announced that Telangana would be realized within six months of the NDA coming to power. On Wednesday, Sushma Swaraj reduced this time frame by three months and, in the evening , Advani eliminated any time gap. Sushma, in her address at noon, said \"The UPA government is not interested in granting Telangana though it had mentioned it in its election manifesto. We will announce the state formation within six months, if the NDA comes back to power in 2014.\" Later in the evening, Advani offered fruit juice to Kishan Reddy and signaled the end of the fast. Later, he said: \"Smaller states are desirable from the point of development and the BJP always believes in this principle. BJP continues to strive for the bifurcation of AP.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16273216", "title": "TB scare in Garhwa village", "text": "GARHWA: The district administration and healthcare department are in a state of alert following cases of tuberculosis(TB) and other diseases being reported among residents, mostly dalits and the extremely poor, of Shivdi village under Dhurki block of the district.On instruction of Garhwa civil surgeon Raj Mohan, Dhurki medical officer in-charge Dr Birendra Kumar has shifted two physically challenged teenagers, Raj Kumar alias Raju and Tibran, of Shivdi village to the Garhwa Sadar Hospital for treatment. The civil surgeon is also planning to refer them to Apollo Hospital in Ranchi for better treatment. While Raju is suffering from TB, Tibran's disease is yet to be diagnosed, the civil surgeon said.District TB officer Dr R Dwivedi said although Tibran was under treatment in Apollo Hospital Ranchi, doctors there l failed to diagnose his disease.Garhwa DC RP Sinha, who has taken serious note of the matter, said according to provision the government provides treatment expenses for incurable diseases. Rs 1.25 lakh will be provided to Tibran if he procured an estimate of expenses to be incurred during treatment from the Apolo Hospital where he was under treatment earlier.\"Besides other facilities will also be provided to him,\" Sinha said adding that he has issued strict direction to the civil surgeon to hold a medical camp in the affected village and distribute necessary medicines to the affected villagers free of cost.On his part, Dwivedi said a medical team has been sent to the affected village. He said Raju and Tibran were not the only ones who are suffering from the ailment. \"Almost one person in every dalit family is suffering from various diseases,\" he said.While Vishwanath Bhuiyan (68) and his wife, Rajiya Devi (64), are afflicted with polio, Rajia Devi is so crippled that she has been bed-ridden for a long time. On the other hand, Harihar Bhuiyan (65) of the same village has lost his voice. His fingers of both hands are crippled.Pramod Kumar (10) is suffering from cancer. He lost his mother five years ago. He now stays with his paternal aunt who is poverty-ridden and cannot afford to pay for Pramod's medical treatment. Ram Sundar Bhuiyan (65) is also suffering friom cancer. He too cannot afford treatment due to extreme poverty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272528", "title": "GB okays environment status report", "text": "PUNE: The General Body (GB) of the Pune Municipal Corporation on Wednesday approved the Environment Status Report 2011-12, while some elected representatives suggested improvement in the drafting of the document next year.As per the BPMC (Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporations) Act 1949, Section 67 (A), it is mandatory for all the ULBs (Urban Local Bodies) in Maharashtra to submit an annual ESR to the GB. The ESR indicates the status of environmental management in the city and identifies areas where further interventions for improvement are required.The 214-page report has been prepared by the civic administration and was submitted to the GB at July end. The elected members discussed the report in the last few weeks. Nearly 40 corporators across party lines expressed their views on the report and raised questions on the lacunas in the preparation of the report and demanded improvements in next year's ESR.\"There are many repetitions in the ESR. It has become a 'copy and paste exercise' at many levels,\" said Arvind Shinde, Congress party leader in the PMC.Shinde said that the status report is not foolproof and is replete with errors. \"Even the geographical location of the city shown using latitude and longitude differs from the fact. It seems that the civic administration officials have simply fulfilled page filling exercise,\" he said. \"Such type of errors can be avoided if experts from various sectors are involved in the drafting of the report. The civic administration should call experts from the field of weather, environment, health and even social sectors while preparing the report,\" said Ashok Yenpure, BJP leader in the PMC. Siddharth Dhende, leader of Republic Party of India (RPI) in PMC said that the administration should stress on impact assessment during the next reports, \"Environmental impact should be assessed in the report and the conclusions must be used for further action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272434", "title": "65-year-old woman killed, police suspect robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another incident of a senior citizen being murdered in the capital, a 65-year-old woman was found dead inside her residence in northeast Delhi. The body was found in a DDA (MIG) colony in Jyoti Nagar on Wednesday afternoon. This is the fifth incident of an elderly person being murdered in the city in a span of three weeks.Police believe at least two people committed the murder. The woman seemed to have been strangled during a robbery attempt. A case of murder has been registered.The victim, Ratna Jalali, was staying with her husband, son and daughter-in-law. \"Her daughter-in-law had gone to meet her parents. The son, who works in a private firm, had left for office and her husband, Roshanlal Jalali, a retired PWD engineer with the Jammu and Kashmir government, had also gone for some important work. When Roshanlal returned around 1pm, he found the door of the house open,'' said an investigating officer.Police said he found Ratna lying on the bed with a dupatta tied around her neck. \"All the rooms were ransacked. There were two glasses and a jug kept in the drawing room, indicating that the accused were known to the victim,'' said a senior officer.Local police confirmed that the woman was not registered with the senior citizen cell of Delhi Police. The victim was an active participant in events organized by the RWA. Cops have not yet revealed whether important documents or valuables had been stolen from the house, prompting locals to doubt if the motive behind the murder was simply robbery. The crime branch said they are tracking the movements of some known miscreants of the area.Cops believe at least two people were involved. This is the fifth incident of an elderly person being murdered in the city in three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273811", "title": "Zoo renovation to resume soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: The renovation and construction work that had been stopped at Lucknow zoo will resume soon.The work was stopped after it was found to be substandard and LDA was authorised to conduct an inquiry into the matter.The minister of state for zoological gardens Shiv Pratap Yadav said that if the formalities regarding inquiry have been completed, the remaining work should be completed soon.He said proper arrangements should be made for maintaining cleanliness at the zoo. Besides, the enclosures of animals which are in dilapidated condition should be renovated.He also directed the forest officers to construct one more zoo in Lucknow as wished by the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16274561", "title": "IIPR celebrates Foundation Day", "text": "KANPUR: The Indian Institute of Pulses Research (IIPR) celebrated its 20th Foundation Day here on Wednesday. Director, IIT-Kanpur, Sanjay Govind Dhande was the chief guest for the occasion. Director, Indian Grassland and Fodder Research Institute, Jhansi, Probir Kumar Ghosh was the guest of honour.Speaking on the occasion, SG Dhande said that in comparison to year 1950, the production of crops has increased by five times but still people are suffering from malnutrition. He expressed his concern over the declining availability of pulses for each individual. Prof Dhande also suggested that the fertilisers should be used with constraints. He also expressed concern over the bad affects of rising pollution levels over the fields.He added that if the hybrid quality of seeds and production techniques are made available to the farmers, the production of the crops are likely to go up by 30%. He urged the scientists present, to work in the direction of benefitting the farmers.PK Ghosh expressed concern over the difficulties the farmers are facing in getting the high quality of seeds and advanced production techniques. He said that if the farmers are made a part of the various research based programmes and the same research is applied in their fields they will surely good results.Director, IIPR, N Nadarajan, while delivering his address spoke about the various activities going on in the institute. He also highlighted the achievements of the institute and added that the various projects going on pulses under national programmes have remained successful.He said that a training and communication centre has been set up at IIPR, which would be benefitting farmers. On this occasion, four new publications including Resource Conservation Technology and Pulse Based Cropping System, Genes Technology For Pulses Improvement, Techniques In Plant Biotechnology and Advances In Pulses Genomics Research were released.During the function, Aditya Pratap was awarded the Best Scientist Award 2012. Lallan Yadav was awarded the Best Worker in Technical Category. Also, Rajendra Singh and Samar Singh was awarded the Best Worker award in the Administrative and Assistant Categories.Vote of thanks was proposed by Sanjeev Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273784", "title": "KMC meet falls flat, opposition walks out", "text": "KOLKATA: The councillors' meeting to discuss the dengue outbreak at the civic headquarters yielded no result on Wednesday.Though mayor Sovan Chatterjee was supposed to publish a white paper on the outbreak on Wednesday, the plan was altered after he had a talk with chief minister Mamata Banerjee the day before. Instead, a meeting was called to inform the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) councillors about the initiative to combat dengue and also to get feedback from the opposition councillors on problems in fighting the disease.Though majority of the 141 councillors attended the meeting, opposition councillors walked out after the mayor allegedly refused to let them talk on the issue. Mala Roy of the Congress, too, followed them with the same complaint.So, what did the mayor say about his plans to combat the outbreak? Chatterjee simply assured the councillors that the civic body was taking \"all steps to prevent the spread of dengue across the city\". He sought help from the councillors to assist the civic crack team in tackling the menace.Before Chatterjee's speech, municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed and CMHO T K Mukherjee explained the situations which led to the outbreak and the duties of the civic body and the citizens to prevent it from spreading further.MMiC Atin Ghosh sought the councillors' cooperation in helping the civic officials locate the breeding grounds in their wards. During the hour-long meeting, the speakers admitted that the situation was grave and needed urgent intervention.However, the Left councillors wondered how the civic top brass would deal with the \"epidemic-like\" situation when the mayor was not even willing to listen to the opposition councillors. \"I wonder why it was called an 'all-councillors' meeting,\" fumed opposition leader in the KMC Rupa Bagchi.The mayor, however, said the meeting was called to inform the councillors about the dos and don'ts to prevent dengue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16273331", "title": "Students' highway travel woes get NMC attention", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) will soon address woes of college students travelling by buses on the Mumbai-Agra national highway.Students who had from several colleges, who hadstarted the 'Students Safety Campaign', create traffic awareness and highlight woes of students travelling by city buses and met standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse over the issue and were told that the civic body would review the issue.Students of K K Wagh College, Bhujbal Knowledge City, and Maratha Vidhya Prasarak Samaj Medical College had the campaign was started against the backdrop of rising number of accidents on the highway. They have been creating awareness amongst college students, general public and drivers of various types of vehicles through word of mouth, through social networking sites, etc. Recently, Nimse had asked the student volunteers to put down their grievances and suggestions in English, on paper which would then be which he would forwarded to the central government.Early in August, the volunteers met the divisional controller of MSRTC and traffic officials Kailas Deshmukh, Dept Manager A N Pathak, traffic officer M Mahajan and others to present a memorandum over their concerns. These included insufficient bus services, the tendency of bus drivers to skip bus stops and the increasing number of accidents. The officials assured that they would conduct a survey and find solutions. They also promised to conduct a survey and draw a time table for buses plying in the main areas of the city.\"The survey has been completed. The MSRTC will be giving us the time table by the end of the monthfor buses from the main areas of the city to this area,\" said Prasad Sanap, a student volunteer. He added that their demand for street lights had been met and a regular bus stop had also been erected near Rasbihari High School.\"There are 11 educational institutes Adgaon Naka to Adgaon on the highway NH-3 , on a 6-7km stretch. In each of these, institutions there are at least 4,000-5,000 students. Every month, there is an accident involving a student. at least one student meets with an accident, some of which are fatal.We will soon submit our suggestions to the NMC so that it can be forwarded We met him recently and he assured that he would take our grievances to the Centrecentral government,\" said Sanap.He said that they would mention information about those dead in road accidents here after acquiring it from the police, over-bridge near colleges and crowded places on the highway for crossing the road, an office of the highway police with ambulance, police, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274327", "title": "Don\u2019t create unfriendly conditions, judge in 2G trial tells accused", "text": "NEW DELHI: With former telecom minister A Raja once again refusing to cross-examine a prosecution witness in the 2G spectrum allocation scam on account of his counsel's unpreparedness, a special CBI court on Wednesday took a stern view of the practice and asked the accused not to \"create unfriendly conditions\" in the court.Special CBI judge O P Saini, who had on Tuesday allowed Raja's plea to defer cross-examination of a key CBI witness, got annoyed when the DMK MP again pleaded that the proceedings be deferred as he did not want to cross examine G S Grover, then member (services) of department of telecom (DoT), at this stage.\"This witness (Grover) has not said anything big. You can cross-examine him today after one hour or after lunch. I do not want to create any scene in the court... I do not want people outside to think that this court is not working,\" the judge said after Raja's counsel Manu Sharma refused to cross-examine Grover.Raja's counsel, however, insisted that he would not cross-examine the witness as he was not prepared for it.Later, the judge again asked Raja if he would cross-examine the witness but the DMK MP replied that his lawyer had already said they were not prepared for it. The judge completed the recording of statement of Grover and told all the accused that they should honour something which they said before the court.The judge said this after CBI prosecutor A K Singh said accused \"suddenly stopped\" the cross-examination of key witness A K Srivastava, a former deputy director general (AS) of DoT, which \"forced\" him to call other witnesses in between.\"Please do not create unfriendly conditions in the court. As the prosecutor is saying, if you (accused) have requested something from the court, please honour it,\" the judge said.The court had on Tuesday directed Raja to commence the cross-examination of Srivastava from September 10. Srivastava had testified that Raja was \"final authority\" to take decisions on policy matters. According to the CBI charge sheet, there was a loss of over Rs 30,000 crore to the exchequer in the allocation of 2G spectrum in 2008 during the tenure of Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272501", "title": "'Flyover at Jedhe chowk not a solution'", "text": "PUNE: For several years now, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has been insisting that the traffic problems at Keshavrao Jedhe chowk in Swargate will be solved with the construction of a flyover at the junction.Traffic and transportation experts, however, say a period of at least two to three years will be required for the construction of the flyover, but even flyovers don't solve traffic problems.Jedhe chowk at Swargate is the busiest junction in the city. Just as the PMC has been constructing flyovers in the city at various 'congested junctions', a flyover has been proposed for this junction too. However, for various reasons, the work has been delayed by eight to ten years. PMC officials now say that the work will soon begin.\"We have finalized the design of the flyover and the construction is expected to start soon. The PMC has already paid Rs 40 crore to the MSRDC'', says Srinivas Bonala, additional city engineer.Bonala says a flyover will ease the traffic problems at the chowk. \"We have made a provision for a passenger subway which will provide easy access between the MSRTC bus terminal and the PMPML bus station. The BRT project will be kept intact.\"\"We have tried various solutions to ease traffic congestion. Traffic problems are bound to increase as there will be more bus services, more commuters and more vehicles. There was a proposal for a skywalk at the junction, but it did not work out. A rotary traffic plan has also been implemented. We are trying to implement all possible solutions,'' Bonala says, adding, \"Footpaths, zebra crossings and other pedestrian facilities are in place. What is needed is proper traffic enforcement.\"Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First, who has done an extensive study on traffic problems at Jedhe chowk and implemented some measures with the help of traffic police, says the flyover will not solve the problem but will aggravate the problems of the pedestrians. \"No flyover has solved the problems of the pedestrians. The flyovers are only meant for speedier movement of vehicles. Pedestrians are left in the lurch. There are numerous examples where PMC has built flyovers and grade separators which only help fast movement of vehicles. Pedestrians face major risks as they are not able to cross the roads safely,'' he said.Inamdar adds that the movement of pedestrians has to be studied in detail before going ahead with any pedestrian facilities. The PMC is talking about constructing a pedestrian subway at Jedhe chowk, but it may not help if the subway is not planned based on the study on movement of pedestrians. \"Will the flyover be a citizen-friendly project?, the PMC should ask itself,'' says Inamdar. Harshad Abhyankar of Save Pune Traffic Movement echoes similar views saying planning of traffic projects are all vehicle centric. \"There is least priority for safety of people walking on the roads. The flyover will only help faster movement of vehicles'', he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277656", "title": "Ranbir, Imtiaz Ali, A R Rahman team up again", "text": "So far it's been hearsay only. News of Ranbir Kapoor and Imtiaz Ali getting together for an encore to Rockstar has been doing the rounds for some time now.We now have a confirmation from someone very closely associated with the project that Ranbir and Imtiaz are indeed coming together for a film that Sajid Nadidawala would produce. And they've convinced A R Rahman to join them, although he's seriously pressed for time.Says the source, \"Initially Nadiadwala roped in Ranbir and Imtiaz for a sequel to Rockstar. However neither the actor nor the director was enthused by the idea of leaping into angst-laden journey of the traumatized musician again, at least not at the moment. They suggested a completely antithetical film to Rockstar. \"We hear Imtiaz would now be directing Ranbir in a comedy rather than the Rockstar sequel. \"They needed to get away from the gloom of Rockstar. This time it's an out and out fun film. And Ranbir-Imtiaz have coaxed A R Rahman to join the fun,\" says the source.The story goes that post his work in the new Yash Chopra film Rahman had decided to complete the songs of only one other Hindi project Aanand Rai's Raanjhnaa before heading back to LA. But Ranbir and Imtiaz convinced Rahman to hop in for some serious masti.The Ranbir-Rahman-Imtiaz-Nadiadwala project will go on the floors early next year. Says our source, \"Sajid Nadiadwala will first start the film starring Tiger Shroff in October and then Two States with Arjun Kapoor in December. Leading ladies for both have yet to be found. Then Sajid moves to the Ranbir-Intiaz-Rahman project.\"We can also tell you that Rockstar 's leading lady Nargis Fakhri has been left out of the core team. The girl's spate of tragic near-misses regarding the signing of a film post- Rockstar , continues.Says our source, \"Nargis is not part of the film that Ranbir-Imtiaz-Rahman are doing for Nadiadwala. An established leading lady, probably Katrina Kaif or Anushka Sharma, is likely to be cast in this full-on masti project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16273910", "title": "Man in police custody on drugs charges", "text": "PANAJI: Juggal Bijulal Baitha, 30, native of Bihar, was arrested and remanded to three days police custody by judicial magistrate first class ( JMFC) Mapusa on Tuesday for possessing 128 gram of charas worth 12,800.Porvorim police had received information that a person will be coming to deliver drugs near Neo Majestic hotel, Porvorim, and accordingly laid a trap. \"At around 8pm on Tuesday, the accused was arrested for possessing 128 gram of charas worth 12,800,\" said sources.Police said that the accused has been identified as a cook. Sources also said that presently the accused is a caretaker of a flat, as the owner is out of town. The accused has been residing in Goa for over one month. Police have registered the case under Section 20(b) (II) (B) of NDPS Act 1985.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16272931", "title": "Pangadi reservoir to get a facelift", "text": "GONDIA: The district administration has plans to develop Pangadi, a reservoir about 10km from here, for facilitating tourists who have now little options for weekend picnics due to restrictions in tiger corridors.The ex-malgujari tank was said to have been developed by British queen Elizabeth about 100 years back. The drinking water and drainage show that the system was ideal even in those days. The area is blessed with beautiful hillock, surrounded by thick forest, and a temple of Gadbhawani on the top where tigers are often sighted. Villages like Dongargaon, Fattepur and Pangadi were irrigated from this tank and its overflow is a treat to watch.A rest house, perhaps used by the British officers during picnics, is now in a dilapidated condition. Gondia irrigation division had in 2002 sent a Rs1.89lakh proposal for modernization of the spot, but it could not materialize due to restrictions imposed by the Forest Act. In those days, there was no permission even for construction of a building for primary health centre. Therefore, PHC was accommodated in the primary school building.District collector Pradeep Kalbhor, former MLA Dilip Bansod and ZP member Sanjay Tembhare recently visited the spot and have renewed efforts for development of the picnic spot. They have also managed to get financial help of Rs2 crore from the cooperative bank for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16274940", "title": "IES to organize 'Innovation-2012' on Sept 11", "text": "BHOPAL: With the objective of providing platform to display their talent in making techno-models and projects, IES group of Institutions will organize 'Innovation-2012' on September 11. The theme of the event will be 'importance inventions for the routine life in the society'. A team of renowned experts from Microsoft, Computer Society of India, Madhya Pradesh Council of Science and Technology ( MPCST) and several others experts will judge the winners.According to organizers, engineering students of computer science, information technology and electronics and communication can participate in the event. A special session will be organized where students can put their queries to the experts.Director, Microsoft, Dr Phani Kondepudi and senior director of MDox, Gerard Mariafrancis will participate in the event as experts.The participating students have shown keen interest in mobile computing, cloud computing , robotics, embedded system and aerial vehicle design.The winner will be awarded Rs one lakh cash prize and a citation. Interested students can submit their entries till September 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16272136", "title": "Lack of interest reason for sorry state of Indian sports", "text": "NAGPUR: A number of reasons are put forward for sorry state of Indian sports, including our physiology, lack of killer instinct and infrastructure, and even absence of proper nutrition. However, Anil Karwande, principal of Ishwar Deshmukh College of Physical Education, blamed the lack of interest on part of all stakeholders more than the problem of infrastructure. \"Parents, schools and teachers should ideally be support groups, but in India they are hurdles. We do not encourage performers, so we do not get results,\" said Karwande.Former India cricketer Prashant Vaidya agreed, \"The sports culture is missing in schools. Our sportspersons have all been nurtured by their families and do not get infrastructure or facilities from school or government. Considering our physiology, we need to pick and choose sports to encourage. We also need a screening system in schools, so students with spark can be encouraged when they are seven or eight.\"Dhananjay Welukar, director of physical education department of RTM Nagpur University, said many factors made a sportsperson, including physiological, psychological, time devoted, push from school or club, and scientific training. \"We never practice for all four sessions, over seven or eight hours. Sports scientists and psychologists available in Nagpur are never consulted. We are content with giving one hour a day to sports, and expect champions,\" he said.\"Even one hour could be enough, if that is quality practice time,\" said Vidarbha cricketer Priyanka Acharya. \"We spend a lot of time just standing around on the field.\" National-level basketball player Disha Wadpalliwar said, \"I cannot give more than an hour to practice, because there is no career in basketball. I have to focus on my academics also.\"Vaidya pointed out, \"One hour is our standard; it should improve drastically. Also, we first need many more players on the field for that one hour. Then, we can select the best among them to nurture.\" Welukar added, \"Only numbers will not help, general physical fitness also needs to be improved in school kids.\"Chitra Pantawane, former national-level athlete and the mother of badminton player Arundhati Pantawane, said, \"Primary push has to come from parents, because schools rarely do that. In fact, education system comes in way of our sportspersons.\"Advocate Shreerang Bhandarkar, a former national level TT player who also coaches his daughters Mallika and Kadambari, said, \"In China, sports is an industry. Here, politicians have not allowed any infrastructure to come up. The system has to change from top. With even basic facilities lacking, parents have to spend a bomb, and a middle-class person cannot do that today.\"Dilip Pagay, secretary of Maharashtra Chess Association and a former national-level chess player, said, \"Missing culture of sports is the biggest drawback. The district sports office is a sham, completely out of sync with running any sports events, leaving athletes discouraged. Even corporates rarely help sportspersons.\"\"For most parents and children, sports ends as soon as they get the 25 marks in SSC or HSC marksheet,\" said T Thomas, former national-level badminton player. Under-16 events have 200 participants while for over-19 the number is barely 20, he pointed out adding this was because there was no livelihood in sports.Welukar said, \"we should have a focused programme to find talent among the tribals or poor farmers, and sponsor them. Also, only the rich can spend money on training their children in some sports. We also need to weed out personal interests in sports. It is also a myth that sports and academics do not gel. Research shows those who play sports perform better in academics.\"Speaking about the time required to be invested, Vaidya said, \"We don't need children to spend 7-8 hours since they are 8 years old. But they should be playing from that age to really love sports and take it up as a career. After they are 12, intensive coaching and practice is required for the talented children.\"Acharya interjected, \"such programmes are also riddled with politics. Children learn about bias and favouritism at the age of 15 or 16, when they are doing well but are not selected. This demotivates most children.\" Karwande pointed out, \"politics is seen more in team games, where selection is subjective. In individual sports, you move to the next stage if you win.\" Almost all agreed that the internal politics in sports associations are also a problem. Karwande added, \"No sports association, except cricket, has the money to run a regular office. Most tournaments have no fixed schedule, and frequently events clash.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16274890", "title": "Chargers ex-executive drags DCHL to court", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the promoters of beleaguered Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) try to find a buyer for their Indian Premier League (IPL) team Deccan Chargers to raise funds, former Deccan Chargers chief executive Timothy Wright has now dragged DCHL to a Hyderabad court seeking enforcement of a London court judgment ordering DCHL to pay him around \u00a310.55 million for breach of contract.Wright has filed an execution petition against DCHL under Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure in the City Civil Court at Secunderabad seeking execution of the order passed by the High Court of Justice, Queen's Bench Division in London, UK, on July 16, 2012, against DCHL. The petition is slated to come up for hearing on October 3, 2012.In his plea, the former Deccan Chargers chief executive has urged the Hyderabad court to direct DCHL to pay him over Rs 97.55 crore (at an exchange rate of Rs 87.5 for one Pound) along with interest at 8% per annum till the date of payment as ordered by the British court.To recover the amount, Wright has sought attachment and sale of various movable and immovable assets and properties of DCHL, including the Deccan Chargers IPL franchise and immovable properties located adjacent to its corporate office at 36, Sarojini Devi Road, at Secunderabad and West Marredpally. He has sought appointment of a receiver to sell the assets by a public auction or private arrangement.Incidentally, most of these assets are already mortgaged with banks and financial institutions to raise funds. The company owes over Rs 3,270 crore to around 28 banks and financial institutions.The petition has also urged the court to direct DCHL to disclosure its total assets and liabilities , including all movable and immovable assets along with details of encumbrances, all bank accounts of the company along with the latest bank account statements, all fixed deposits and other investments made by DCHL. Apart from this, Wright in his plea has also urged the court to order the detention of the directors and key officials of DCHL and restrain them from disposing of, alienating or encumbering the assets and properties mentioned in the petition. Tim Wright, who was appointed chief executive of Deccan Chargers after the first season of IPL in 2008, dragged DCHL and Deccan Chargers to the London court in February 2009 for breach of contract and got an order in his favour in July this year. But the judgment was disputed by DCHL claiming that the British courts had no jurisdiction in the matter.The latest legal tangle for DCHL comes even as the Bombay high court on Tuesday attached six bank accounts of the company and restrained it from selling, leasing or creating any third party rights on its properties in Central Mumbai that have been mortgaged to Tata Capital in response to a petition filed by the financial institution for recovery of a loan of Rs 100 crore. The news sent the company's scrip crashing to the day's lower limit to close at Rs 12.87 a share on Wednesday on the Bombay Stock Exchange.DCHL is also embroiled in a tussle with IFCI, which has approached Debts Recovery Tribunal in Delhi, Company Law Board and also the Andhra Pradesh high court over the company's failure to redeem non-convertible debentures worth Rs 25 crore. In fact, in AP HC, IFCI has filed a winding up petition against DCHL arguing that the company's liabilities running into thousands of crores of rupees may lead to the erosion of the entire networth of the company and make it commercially unviable and insolved.While IDFC too has filed a plea before DRT in Hyderabad against DCHL for recovery of dues, Karvy Stock Broking Ltd has filed a criminal complaint against the three DC promoters alleging forgery and cheating to pledge the same shares with various financial institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gandhiangar", "code": "16273492", "title": "Gujarat moots new textile policy to \u2018protect\u2019 farmers", "text": "GANDHIANGAR: In a belated move, the Gujarat government on Wednesday announced a new textile policy in order to attract cotton textile entrepreneurs to Gujarat. Once considered Manchester of India, Gujarat today accounts for 7 per cent of cotton textile manufacturing capacity of the country, though it produces 35 per cent of raw cotton. \"About 90 per cent of raw cotton produced in the state goes out of the state,\" said state industries minister Saurabh Patel.Blaming the Centre for 'lack of any consistency' in textile policy, the minister said, \"Gujarat's textile policy will protect the state's farmers from the Centre's anti-farmer and anti-cotton-export policy, as a result of which the farmers fail to get the required price.\" He said that the farmers will be allowed to continue exporting their produce, like before, to get a better price.The state government also plans to have dozen-odd cotton textile clusters around cotton-growing areas, especially in Ahmedabad and Surendranagar districts. According to an official calculation, the total subsidy as a result of the new policy will be to the tune of Rs 2,700 crore.\"We will provide interest subsidy for value-addition chain from ginning to spinning, weaving, processing, garment manufacturing and technology upgrades,\" Patel said. \"Power tariff concession will be given for new cotton spinning and weaving units and financial assistance will be extended to skill-development centres.\" The minister added, \"The new textile policy will also increase the state's revenue and growth rate and give impetus to the textile industry.\" It will create fresh employment opportunities for over 25 lakh people in the next five years, he said. But he evaded questions on why the state government failed to attract investment in the textile sector over the past ten years. \"It is not necessary for me to answer all the questions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16275221", "title": "12 teachers from DK feted", "text": "Mangalore: Teachers who served selflessly were feted at the Dakshina Kannada district-level Teachers Day celebrations at Town Hall here on Wednesday. Department of Public Instructions and Mangalore South Zone Teachers Day Celebration Committee honoured 12 teachers of Dakshina Kannada district for their meritorious service. Deputy Speaker N Yogish Bhat said that teachers have the responsibility to ignite the inborn talent in children. \"Teachers can create a poet, a scientist, a litterateur or an artist in children. Talent creation is the need of the hour,\" he said. Mangalore MLA UT Khader said that only teachers can shape a child into an asset for the nation. \"Teachers in the state face several problems as many of their demands are yet to be fulfilled. We as people's representatives will discuss their problems and will try to address their problems gradually,\" Khader said. Zilla panchayat president T Shailaja Bhat, Mayor Gulzaar Banu, TMA Pai Education Institution principal Mahabaleshwar Rao, zilla panchayat chief executive officer KN Vijayaprakash and deputy director of public instructions Moses Jaysekhar were guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16275295", "title": "Saffrons give deadline for beef ban", "text": "Mangalore: Vishwa Hindu Parishat and Bajrang Dal have given the Dakshina Kannada district administration a deadline for preventing the slaughter of cows. Demanding that the administration take steps to completely stop all cases of cattle trafficking and cow slaughter before November 15, leaders of the two organizations have warned that they would resort to statewide agitation if no steps are taken on the issue by then. In a memorandum submitted to the deputy commissioner and released to the media here on Wednesday, Jagadish Shenava, working president, VHP, told reporters that cow slaughter was taking place not only in 13 places across Dakshina Kannada, but also in many houses across the district. This was in total violation of The Karnataka Preservation of Cow Slaughter and Preservation of Cattle Act, 1964 and Slaughter House Rules, 2001, he said. Similarly, cattle were being illegally transported to abattoirs in neighbouring Kerala through five major routes as well as to illegal abattoirs at Kudroli, Venoor, and Ullal. Jagadish pointed out that the cattle being transported illegally across the state borders were mainly stolen from other places in the state in general and the district in particular. Beef was being sold brazenly in many meat stalls in the district, he said. The state government must avail the services of the state intelligence department to ascertain the places where such incidents are taking place and take action to stop them, he said, adding that instructions should be given to health inspectors of urban local and panchayat raj bodies to check for mixing of beef with other varieties of meat to escape detection. Steps should also be taken to totally stop cow slaughter and all illegal abattoirs should be shut, he urged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16275502", "title": "Now, enjoy ragas from archive", "text": "Mysore: Here is happy news for music connoisseurs in the city. A digital music archive has been set up at Ganabharathi, a musical academy, where you can choose and listen to favorite ragas from the vast collection of classical music from 1935. The facility is donated by Tiruvengadachari and Gopalan Corporation ( TAG) and Madras Music Academy ( MMA). The air-conditioned archive room consists 10 consoles of computers which can be operated individually by listeners. Such devices are available in the departments of Music University of Madras and University of Hyderabad, Gayana Samaja in Bengalore and the Indian Fine Arts Society, Singapore. Ganabharathi secretary S R Krishnamurthy told TOI that the initiative is aimed at popularizing classical music and help music lovers, researchers and students. The archive computers are loaded with user friendly software where listener can locate their favorite song easily by typing the name of the singer, genre or concert. There are collections of various concerts and renditions of nearly 130 musicians of Carnatic and Hindustani genres, he said. The project is the brainchild of industrialist and music lover R T Chari from Chennai. He has a collection with 22,000 hours of music which includes analogue tapes, old gramophone records, cassettes and CDs. He bifurcated and indexed all the collections. After digitizing, they were uploaded to a computer. In the first phase, 1,000 hours of music has been added. Another 1,000 hours of music from concerts that took place in Mysore will be included soon.Free entertainment Murthy said the digital archive will be open for public free of cost in the initial stage. The archive will be open every day from 5 pm to 7.30 pm. Every individual is allowed to listen to music for an hour. Later, a nominal fee will be fixed or membership card will be introduced to meet the maintenance costs of the systems and other expenses, he said. The digital music archive will be open to public from today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16274564", "title": "525 dogs removed from government hospitals", "text": "CHENNAI: Corporation of Chennai staff have removed 525 dogs from various government hospitals in the city with the help of volunteers of NGOs working in animal welfare. The animals will later be released to their old territories after sterilization.The drive comes after the body of a 12-day-old infant was eaten by rodents at the government Kasturba Gandhi Hospital for Women and Children in Triplicane.During the drive, launched with the help of volunteers from the Blue Cross, Society for the Prevention of Cruelty against Animals and the People for Animals, 16 cats and 3,048 rats have also been caught.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said, \"We have been engaged in catching dogs, especially from hospitals. But the main challenge is to leave them in the same locality after sterilization. They will not be left on hospital premises. The Animal Birth Control (ABC) programme will be implemented across the city.\" Animal lovers said the dogs should be released in the same place.Blue Cross Society general manager Don Williams said, \"According to ABC rules, after sterilizing dogs we have to leave them at the place from where we picked them up. Otherwise, dogs from other territories could come there in search of food. This could pose a big threat to local residents. So it is better not to damage the balance of the habitat.\"The organization said it had been vaccinating dogs since 1964 and the stray dog population has reduced drastically.But some residents are worried. \"If the civic body plans to leave these dogs in the same place after the sterilization, what is the point of catching them?\" asked a resident of Adyar.Following complaints from residents, the corporation recently decided to permit more NGOs to take part in the ABC programme in the city's extended areas. Experts say that though sterilization is a one-time effort, vaccinations need to be carried out every year. During the first round, dogs are sterilized and given anti-rabies shots.Their ears are notched so that they can be identified for follow-up action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16271279", "title": "SIT files molestation chargesheet", "text": "GUWAHATI: Almost two months after the July 9 GS road molestation incident rocked the state, the Special Investigation Team (SIT) formed to crack the case filed a chargesheet on Tuesday. The SIT, which has arrested 16 persons, including TV scribe Gaurav Jyoti Neog in the case, has named everyone in the chargesheet.However, the Gauhati high court earlier released Neog on bail when no concrete evidence was found against him. He was accused of instigating the mob that molested the girl. The rest are in judicial custody.\"All the names have been included in the chargesheet. We will also plead before the court to take the case on a fast track manner if possible,\" said SIT head Ranjan Bhuyan, who is also in charge of SP (Operations).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16273097", "title": "Truck stolen at gunpoint near Subhash Chowk at night", "text": "GURGAON: Unidentified armed robbers held a truck driver hostage at gunpoint and fled with his truck. The robbers had thrown to truck driver in hostage condition in the Farrukhnagar area. A case has been registered and no arrests have been made so far.The incident took place near Subhash Chowk around 11.30pm on Tuesday. One Hemraj, a truck driver and resident of Kotputli in Rajasthan, lodged a complaint with the Sadar police station about the truck robbery early on Wednesday morning.In his complaint, he told police that he had reached Badshapur with his loaded truck. After unloading the truck, he was going towards NH-8 with the aim of going to Rajasthan. When he reached near Subhash Chowk and took a turn towards NH-8, a Scorpio car overtook and forcibly stopped his truck. When he stopped the truck, four persons came out of the Scorpio and forcibly entered the driver's cabin. They held him hostage at gunpoint and pushed him back in the driver's cabin. After tying him with a rope, one of them drove the truck.\"The robbers threw me from the truck on the road near Kaliyawas village and drove away the truck. With the help of passersby I freed myself and reached the nearest police station. I was asked by them to approach Sadar police station,\" said the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272592", "title": "Schools begin complying with bus safety norms", "text": "PUNE: Some schools in the city have started complying with school bus safety norms as directed by the state government.At Vidya Valley School in Aundh, around 1,100 children travel by the 23 school buses every day. According to principal Nalini Sengupta, all the buses comply with the safety guidelines. \"We have insisted that the bus operators abide by the guidelines as mentioned in the policy. In fact, we have also fixed a CCTV camera inside each bus to monitor the activities inside the bus.\"\"We have invested a lot of money to ensure that the buses are safe for children to travel. We cannot risk the lives of over a thousand children travelling daily by bus to school,\" she said.At Jyotirmay International School in Wagholi, the bus service has been outsourced to a contractor. \"We have four buses,\" said principal Preeti Desai. \"A committee that looks into the transport of the students has been formed as mentioned in the bus policy. This committee ensures that the buses are equipped as per the policy,\" she added. This includes fire extinguishers, a fire exit and speed governors implemented by contractor who operates the buses so that the students are not at risk while travelling.I Venugopal, principal, Vishwashanti Gurukul World School near Hadapsar said, \"Safety is an important aspect for children travelling by bus. As soon as the government made it mandatory to follow the safety policy we took steps in that direction.\" Besides an attendant in every bus, a teacher also boards every bus. The school's transport committee makes sure that the bus contractor follows the maintenance schedule of the buses at regular intervals.Sardar Dastur Boys' School in Pune Camp does not have any school buses. \"Parents have privately contracted buses to ferry their children,\" said principal Lily Patel. \"However, we have formed a school bus committee as mandated in the policy. We also have informed the parents about these guidelines so that they make sure that the bus contractor follows them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273789", "title": "New train from Lucknow to Ahmedabad soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: To make it convenient for passengers, Railways have decided to run weekly festival special train between Ahmedabad and Lucknow Junction. The train number 09407/09408 between Ahmedabad and Lucknow Junction will run for nine trips.The train 09407 Ahmedabad-Lucknow Junction weekly festival special will depart from Ahmedabad on every Monday from October 1 till November 26 at 11.35 a.m. to reach Lucknow at 02.30 p.m. the next day. In the return direction, train number 09408 will depart from Lucknow Junction on every Wednesday from October 3 till November 28, at 02.30 a.m. to reach Ahmedabad at 07.00 a.m. the next day. The train will comprise one AC II tier, two AC III tier, seven sleeper class, six general class, one second class cum luggage van and one disabled friendly second class cum luggage van.The train will stop at Sabarmati, Mehsana, Palanpur, Abu Road, Falna, Marwar Junction, Ajmer, Kishangarh, Jaipur, Gandhinagar Jaipur, Bandikui, Achhnera Junction, Mathura Junction, Mathura Cantt, Hathras City, Kasganj Junction, Ganj Dundwara, Farrukhabad Junction, Kannauj, Kanpur Anwarganj and Kanpur central stations in both the directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272637", "title": "More rain likely in the next 24 hours", "text": "PUNE: The city recorded 8.4 mm rain in the last 24 hours ending 5.30 pm on Wednesday as moderate to light showers continued to occur during this period.More light rain is likely to occur in the next 24 hours, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast. Since June 1, the city has received 344.4 mm rain, 109.8 mm less than is normal for the season so far.In terms of percentage, the season's rainfall recorded by the city so far is 76%. Wet and overcast conditions prevailed across the city for the better part of Wednesday.The southwest monsoon was vigorous over Konkan and Goa and central Maharashtra, between Jalgaon and Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south, in the last 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Wednesday.Heavy to very heavy rain was reported during this period in parts of Konkan and Goa, south central Maharashtra, between Satara and Kolhapur and Vidarbha regions. The Marathwada region too reported rain at many places.An IMD official said, \"The low pressure area, which had moved inwards from the Bay of Bengal to Odisha and adjoining Chhattisgarh on Tuesday, made a further advance on Wednesday and now lies over Madhya Pradesh and adjoining areas. The monsoon trough is located south of its normal position while an offshore trough, running across the south Gujarat coast to Kerala coast, remains active.\"\"Much of the rainfall in the state is occurring under the influence of these systems,\" the official said and added the situation is likely to persist for the next 24 hours.Mahabaleshwar, which falls in the south central Maharashtra belt, recorded 70 mm rain while Gaganbawada in Kolhapur district reported 50 mm rain. Panhala, Chandgad, Aajra and Shahuwadi, all in Kolhapur district, recorded 30 mm rain.In Konkan and Goa region, Kalyan and Bhiwandi recorded 210 mm and 170 mm rain respectively, while Ambarnath and Karaj received 130 mm rain. Mangaon and Sangameshwar received 110 mm rain while Thane received 100 mm rain. The Santa Cruz observatory in Mumbai recorded 40 mm rainfall while the Colaba observatory recorded 25 mm rain. In the ghat section, Tamhini ghat, which links Pune with the Konkan, recorded 140 mm rain in the last 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273450", "title": "Parle techie may be freed from Pak jail by Sept 28", "text": "MUMBAI: The gloom that pervades the home of Vile Parle resident Bhavesh Parmar, who is in a Pakistan prison since 2007, could soon lift. Pakistani lawyer Awais Sheikh who has been fighting to secure his release says the 32-year-old software engineer could be freed as early as September 28.In an email addressed to the youth's mother Hansaben as well as MLA Krishna Hegde late Tuesday, Sheikh wrote, \"Bhavesh, who has been confined in the Central Jail, Lahore , for the last four years is expected to be released by the end of this month. I will meet him in jail again next week. I may accompany him to Mumbai through the Wagah border on the day of his release, which is expected to be September 28.\"Bhavesh completes an extended period as an internee in jail on September 28. He has already served his three-year sentence on July 4 this year. The youth had accidentally strayed into Pakistan aboard the Samjhauta Express in an apparent state of disorientation after his father's death in 2004.Over in Vile Parle, Hansaben chose not to let her hopes rise until official confirmation arrived from the Indian authorities. \"I am hoping it will be September 28 for he has served his prison term,\" she said. Hegde who has stood by the widow through her struggle said, \"MP Priya Dutt has passed on all documents of identity proof to India's external affairs minister S M Krishna onward to the Indian embassy in Pakistan. We hope the Indian high commission has forwarded those to the Pakistani authorities.\"Journalist-activist Jatin Desai has also been liaising with the authorities on Hansaben's behalf. He says, \"Bhavesh's sentence as an internee ends September 28, so technically he is a free man that day. The issue is whether the Indian high commission has communicated clearly to the Pakistani authorities that Bhavesh is an Indian national and has furnished his voters' I-card, ration card, driving license and other documents as proof of identity to Pakistan. If it has, then Bhavesh can be repatriated immediately.\"The Indian high commission in Islamabad did not respond to a series of emails by TOI as well as Desai over the past few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16274591", "title": "Ganesha fever catches up in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The Ganapathi festival fever is catching up with Trichy. The elephant god now comes in various postures and dazzling colours. \"Ganapathi Tharisanam 2012,\" a spectacular exhibition, was inaugurated by corporation commissioner V P Thandapani on Wednesday and would be on until September 19, the official Vinayagar Chathurthi Day.Last year, the day was celebrated on September 4, a Sunday, and many people heaved a sigh of relief. But this year, the immersion day comes a little later on September 21, a Friday. If Friday is inauspicious for immersion of the Lord as the Trichy Federation of Vinayagar Chathurthi Festival deems, the grand finale will be held on Saturday. But there is a catch here too. There are purists who hold that the immersion should be strictly held on the third, or the fifth day from the day the Lord is installed at one's home. The federation has put up a demand with the local police to stretch it to Saturday, and to start the festival on the evening of September 18 to make the Saturday, the odd fifth day. Normally, the police give permission for only three days.More importantly, the delayed festival this year comes as a boon because the water in the Mettur dam will be released only on September 17. It will take at least three days for the stream to reach Mukkombu, the upper dam, some 18 km from Trichy, and it would flow under Trichy's Cauvery bridge just in time for the immersion. So a day's delay would still be advantageous. S Kannan, organizing secretary of the federation, recalled that a decade ago, there came a situation when there was no water flow in the Cauvery in Trichy, and all the Ganesha idols to be immersed were collected at the National College grounds and then taken in giant trucks to available water bodies or even to the nearest seashore.Meanwhile, the Poompuhar exhibition has specially made Ganesha's statues in papier-mache, clay, marble, soap, granite, gemstones, terracotta, rose and sandalwoods. The price ranges from Rs 50 to Rs three lakh. A special attraction of the exhibition is the Pancha Muga Vinayagar made of bronze, priced at Rs 2,43,001. The exhibition is open from 10 am to 8 pm including Sundays. \"By purchasing these Ganesha idols in its various forms, one would help artisans and craftsmen for their hard work,\" said Thandapani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272530", "title": "Three Tibetan activists held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three Tibetan activists were detained on Wednesday morning from the Mehrauli bus stand when they were going towards Qutab Minar to protest against Chinese defence minister Gen Liang Guanglie's visit, a senior police official said.The protesters shouted slogans, unfurled Tibetan flags and called for India's support and global intervention in securing freedom for their homeland.\"As the world's largest democracy with a history of struggle based on Mahatma Gandhi's principles of non-violence and non-cooperation, India has a moral obligation to stand in solidarity with the Tibetan people's non-violent struggle for freedom,\" Dorjee Tsetan, National Director of Students for a Free Tibet-India, said in a statement.Meanwhile, Indian members of Students for a Free Tibet launched an online petition addressed to external affairs minister S M Krishna urging him to make a strong statement \"condemning China's crackdown in Tibet\" and calling for a multilateral forum to resolve the crisis. Organizers said the petition will be delivered to him on October 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274198", "title": "Suktel construction work from Sept 27", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Having drawn flak from different quarters over inordinate delay in making the Lower Suktel irrigation project a reality, the state government on Wednesday decided to start construction work from September 27, official sources said.\"It has been decided to start work to construct a dam at one of the two dispute-free villages where land acquisition operations are over from September 27,\" a government officer said, adding, \"We are aiming to start work on the spillway from November.\"The decisions were taken at a meeting chaired by chief minister Naveen Patnaik , who is believed to have expressed his displeasure over the hullaballo surrounding delay in implementation of the project. Naveen, sources said, asked officers concerned to expeditiously resolve land acquisition and rehabilitation and resettlement (R&R;) issues.The state government was forced to consider starting construction work following public outcry against the ruling BJD's failure to concretize the project though Naveen had laid the foundation stone for it in 2001. Consequently, the project cost has jumped from an estimated Rs 217 crore (when it was sanctioned in 1996-97) to around Rs 1,100 crore, sources said. The Lower Suktel project, if it materializes, would benefit Balangir, Nuapada and Sonepur districts in terms of increasing irrigation coverage and improving drinking water facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277357", "title": "Cancer win was like battling war: Yuvraj Singh", "text": "He's strong, he's indomitable and he's a true victor in life. Cricketer Yuvraj Singh, who has battled a dreaded disease like cancer, will now take his story to the world.Yuvraj's journey will be shown through three episodes (one hour each) on Colors TV, titled Zindagi Abhi Baaki Hai . Speaking about his experiences and the painful struggle to overcome it, Yuvraj (Yuvi as he's fondly called) speaks up, \"The battle against cancer has made me strong. It's like winning a war! When I was diagnosed, I was told by doctors my kidney, liver and other organs could fail. It was tough. I didn't know if I could save my life. But I was positive and because of that the doctor told me that I would be a man who would never have cancer. Cricket is my life. Before the cancer, I was happy go lucky. I used to think about my career and worry about the future. But post it, my thinking has completely changed. I'm happy to eat and breathe normally. I'm happy to have my life back\".Further sharing, \"There were times when chemo would eat my body but I told myself that I have the strength and courage to win and come out stronger. I thought I'd go back and play for India\". And Yuvi's dream will finally come true on 8th September 2012, as he steps into the fields and makes his comeback to international cricket.Filmmaker Gurmeet Sapal, who filmed Yuvi's journey from the time of diagnosis until now, shares his experience on the cricketing champion, \" Zindagi Abhi Baaki Hai is a great story, has everything possible and has a great cause. When we spoke to Yuvi, he was more excited about this film. Yuvi and a few of us supporting him, believed in the project. I wanted to tell the story of cancer and that early detection can be cured. We thought if the story of cancer has to be told, it has to be told in a fun way and there was no better person than Yuvraj. Yuvi's fun loving, he enjoys himself\".Adding, \"We never wanted to make money through the film. The film is about Yuvraj Singh and other cancer patients' courage to battle cancer. The film also talks about cancer care givers. In Yuvi's case, his mother was his cancer care giver\".Way to go Yuvi! This story will inspire the millions who will watch it!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274077", "title": "Congress finds itself hemmed in on promotion quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress appeared stuck between contending pulls on promotion quota, piloting a change in the Constitution despite fears that it could alienate part of its upper caste base.On the day SP, with silent backing of BJP, managed to thwart the passing of Constitution amendment bill, Congress defended its initiative to restore quota by calling it \"party's policy on social justice\".But beyond the bravado, the ruling party appears caught between the extremes. BSP chief Mayawati slammed BJP and allies for exposing their 'anti-dalit' mindset but she did not spare Congress. \"Congress delayed the bill from last session of Parliament because it did not want to antagonize any party owing to president and vice-president's election... BJP and Congress are both saanp-nath,\" she said.Part of Congress's woes is the dichotomy of leadership being committed to safeguarding reservation in promotions while the party's entrenched upper caste lobby is inimical to such \"compromise on merit\".The gulf in thinking was evident when personnel minister V Narayanasamy tabled the bill in Rajya Sabha. But for handful of dalit MPs trying to shout down protesting Samjawadi members, the rest of the treasury benches appeared silent, bordering on indifferent.It was left to spokespersons and dalit members to defend Congress and attack rivals. While sections of party are wary of legal sustainability of the bill seeking to overturn supreme court orders, they are unable to say so because of the political costs involved. No wonder, the cabinet passed the contentious issue without any semblance of a discussion.Union minister Jairam Ramesh tried to dispel the notion that Congress was turning radical on dalit plank. \"Promotion quota has been in operation since 1955. We are only trying to address the situation created by supreme court orders,\" he said.The statement was as much a defence of UPA initiative as it appeared an attempt to counter the notion that Congress was introducing a new reservation regime. But it was conspicuous of lacking an attempt to aggressively seek credit.While BSP's Avtar Karimpuri and SP's Naresh Aggarwal were seen to be doing their party's bidding by indulging in physical duel in Rajya Sabha, Congressmen felt they had little to gain by moving a law that its core base of upper castes were against.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274709", "title": "Finally, town buses roll out in Puri", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After several postponements, the state government introduced intra-city bus service in Puri on Wednesday. Five city buses would ply in the town connecting Jagannath temple, sea beach and Loknath temple. Five long-distance city buses are plying between Bhubaneswar and Puri since the past few months.The flag-off ceremony was attended by district collector, officials of Puri Municipality and city bus operator, Dream Team Sahara (DTS). \"The intra-city bus service would be beneficial to tourists. We expect all cooperation from the local administration for the sustenance of the service,\" DTS chairman Nishikant Mishra said.In the past, the Puri administration had been criticized for failing to set up the required infrastructure for the intra-city bus service. The housing and urban development department (H&UD;) had announced that the intra-city fleet of buses would be \"positively\" made operational from August 15. But it could not take off due to poor infrastructure.Though the buses started plying, the administration has not yet provided all the basic facilities like bus bay, terminal, water supply, toilets and shades. \"We will soon make available the requisite infrastructure,\" Puri collector Naba Kumar Nayak said.The city bus service, which was launched in Bhubaneswar on October 10, 2010 under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, was extended to Puri on June 22, 2011. Though the Puri civic body had identified a vacant land near Narendrakona to use it as terminal-cum-depot, the land has since been entangled in a legal wrangle over ownership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278713", "title": "No regrets about films I did: Aamna Sharif", "text": "Aamna Sharif makes her comeback to the small screen after a four year long hiatus. Aamna along with Raqesh Vashisht will be seen in SONY Entertainment Television's Honge Judaa Na Hum.The promos have been eye catching and Aamna is excited about her comeback. Though she is a bit apprehensive, she's confident of the show's success, \"I loved the script of this show. It took me a while to decide but I love romantic genre and I'm very happy to play Muskaan. I believe a lot in romance and this show is different. Nowadays, there are every few shows on romance. Honge Judaa Na Hum is a contemporary show that shows my life as a modern woman\".Aamna had also ventured into films but did not receive the success that she achieved in television, \"I have no regrets about the films I did. Experience teaches you a lot. I selected a few wrong projects but will be more careful from now on. It wasn't easy to shift from TV to films\".But now that Aamna is back with a bang, she's here to rule the roost, \"I missed shooting and now that I'm back, I hope my character (Muskaan) connects with audiences. In Kahiin to Hoga , people loved Kashish, the character that I was playing. Muskaan is very different from Kashish. I was more mature there. Here, I play a girl my age\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273611", "title": "Pandalmonium begins", "text": "KOLKATA: The 2,100-odd community Durga Puja committees that celebrate the festival with pomp are yet to receive the mandatory permit from the KMC. But that hasn't stopped most of them, including one patronized by an influential member of the mayor-in-council (MMiC), from encroaching alleys and blocking roads over a month ahead of the festival.The tarpaulin-draped pandal of Behala Adarshapalli, patronized by MMiC (ground water) Tarak Singh, has grabbed the entire width of a lane off the busy Roy Bahadur Road. There is no space for even pedestrians to pass. The Puja, winner of several awards, is in its 55th edition.There are many other pandals across the city that are flouting a Calcutta high court directive of September 15, 2009 to allow space for pedestrians and vehicles to pass. Off Rash Behari Avenue, for instance, Natun Prabhat Sangha has consistently encroached the entire width of Raja Sitaram Road since it started the puja in 1952. Shibmandir Puja Committee's pandal on Lake Temple Road is no different. The puja that has consistently won awards makes life difficult for residents of the locality for nearly two months every year. The century-old Brindaban Matri Pally pandal blocks the entire Brindavan Mullick first lane off Sukea Street.MMiC (parks and squares) Debasish Kumar, however, made light of the legal issue, arguing puja committees have traditionally been allowed to erect pandals before a formal permission is issued. \"To get the permission for pandals that are erected in parks or on roads, organizers have to furnish no-objection certificates from the police and the fire brigade. These are usually issued a couple of weeks prior to the Pujas because unless a pandal is erected, it is difficult for the police or the fire brigade to inspect and determine if rules are being followed or flouted. Hence, it is a convention that puja committees erect pandals before the formal KMC permission,\" Kumar reasoned.He was, however, quick to admit the process was flawed. \"We need to work on this further and see how loopholes can be plugged,\" he said. Kumar refused to comment on the high court order being flouted, or the 'convention' of blocking roads and inconveniencing hundreds of people.Singh said it was only this year that the Behala Adarshapalli puja had made him a patron. \"I have not heard of complaints. Some mischief mongers are trying to foment trouble,\" he said.Backed by politicians, puja committees wield so much clout that locals dare not speak, even if their right of way is snatched from them for two-three months. Speaking on the condition of anonymity, a septuagenarian resident of Roy Bahadur Road pointed out that though the Pujas were celebrated for four days, the roads remain occupied from the time pandals are erected till they are dismantled. \"For people like us who are unable to walk properly, this is a major problem. If someone falls ill, even an ambulance can't be summoned to the doorstep,\" he said. An elderly resident of Raja Sitaram Road added: \"With just enough space for a single person to pass, it becomes virtually impossible to step out during Pujas.\"Bheem Pandey, who has been running a small shop in Bosepukur Road for nearly a decade, said the road remained shut for all four days during the Pujas due to the rush at Bosepukur Sitalamandir puja. \"We are not able to get access to Rash Behari Avenue connector and have to take a big detour,\" he said.Calcutta high court advocate Ishita Chakraborty understands their predicament all too well. Three years ago, she had a similar problem with Kasba's RK Chatterjee Pallibasi Brinda Durga Puja Committee. \"They set up the pandal in such a way that I couldn't open my door and window. I merely requested the puja organizers to allow enough space so that I could live properly. But they refused to listen. I then had no option but move court,\" she said.It was her plea that later led to the high court to frame rules. Chakraborty acknowledged that while she went to court and got relief, there are thousands of others who do not have courage or means to take on the Durga Puja committees. In any case, the committees always find ways to bypass rules. For example, the high court order says pandals should be dismantled within a month of being set up. Does this happen? The puja committees keep the four-and-a-half feet space from the ground floor. But most apartments have balconies that project outwards in the floors above. As a result, people staying on the first floor and above can't open their windows for a month,\" she pointed out.On September 1, police commissioner R K Pachnanda, KMC representatives, and officials of the public works department, the fire department, the Pollution Control Board and the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority met nearly all puja organisers at Kalamandir. Pachnanda asked them to follow the high court's directive. \"Joy for some should not cause pain to others,\" he said.But few have paid heed to his plea. With committees enjoying political patronage, Kolkata Police force is at its wit's end on how to enforce the court order. The inclusion of added areas has brought an additional 14 major puja pandals and 1,000 smaller ones under its jurisdiction without any additional force.After several rounds of meetings, the police managed to coax Sri Sangha Club at James Long Sarani to leave at least four-and-a-half feet space on one side of the pandal. This pandal clogs the entire width of James Long Sarani for all four Puja days. Police have written to the KMC to dismantle a nearly one-and-a-half-foot wide concrete structure on James Long Sarani as part of a beautification drive.DCP (traffic) Dilip Adak said: \"From a traffic perspective, south Kolkata's Suruchi Sangha, Bosepukur and Prince Anwar Shah road pose a big challenge.\"(With inputs from Jhelum Karanjai)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278531", "title": "CBSE ties up with WWF India and TRAFFIC India", "text": "Encouraging students to protect wildlife, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has tied up with WWF India and TRAFFIC India to conduct 'Wild Wisdom,' an online quiz.The quiz is open to all Indians between 11 and 13 years of age. The quiz will be conducted at three levels and participants need to qualify for level I and II in order to reach the final level. Finally, top 10 participants will be awarded prizes.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, we must assume responsibility for wildlife conservation and make efforts to encourage our present generation to seek solutions through education. They should be reminded that they can make a difference.He adds, \"Wild Wisdom gives students an opportunity to delve deeper into the repertoire of wild life that India has and develop pride in this legacy. Also, such contests will encourage learning outside the classroom.\"Each level of the quiz will be on for a week (10am and 5pm). To participate, students will need to log on with their 'user name' and 'password' provided. Level I of the quiz was conducted from August 27 to September 2.There are two further levels to be conducted now. All those participants who have qualified for level I, will get a chance to move on to the next levels.Level II will be conducted from September 10 to September 16 and will have 20 questions to be completed within a time frame of 10 minutes. Once the stipulated time limit is over, the quiz will be timed out. A participant has to score at least 60% or get at least 12 answers right to qualify for the next level.Level III will be conducted from October 1 to October 7 and will have 25 questions to be completed within a time frame of 10 minutes. The final winners will be selected on the basis of maximum number of correct answers. In case of a tie, a lucky draw will be held to select the final 10 winners. The winners will receive 'goody bags.' Also, their names and photographs will be published on the WWF-India website.For details, log on to wwfindia.org and http://cbse.nic.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273776", "title": "Department of personnel and training internships for budding lawyers in RTI implementation", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to address the issues plaguing RTI implementation in ministries and government departments, the department of personnel and training (DoPT) is planning to rope in law undergraduates. The law universities can send in their proposals to DoPT, if they wish their students to be part of the short-term internship programme drawn by DoPT.It is for the second time that DoPT has prepared the internship programme for undergraduates pursuing five-year integrated course in law to conduct an analysis of RTI applications in public authorities in central government. The programme has been designed for January 2013. Source shared that last time, only six interns from a single law university in Delhi had participated in the programme.\"If more universities come this time, it will be good,\" said sources in DoPT.Since law undergraduates can understand the RTI Act better than other students, given their legal background, DoPT has designed a month-long internship for them.The students are first told about the sections and clause of the Act, and then given the RTI applications and appeals from the ministries and government departments for analysis.Each intern is given 100 RTI applications and appeals to study.At the end of the programme, interns have to submit a report comprising suggestions to improve the implementation of the Act and shortcomings in the implementation that they come across.The idea behind the programme is to consolidate and document the experiences of the ministries and departments in the implementation of RTI, its success, constraints in implementation, identify areas which need more attention, address the gap areas and see what needs to be done to help achieve the objectives of the Act.\"Law students cannot apply individually for this programme, and there is a need for law universities to sponsor a group of students,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16274161", "title": "Man travelling to India on fake passport caught", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To save himself from legal proceedings following default on a bank loan in Dubai, a resident of Kerala made an unsuccessful attempt to come back to India on a fabricated passport. Immigration officials nabbed Vamal Kumar Shivan, 55, on Wednesday morning after he landed from a Dubai-Doha-Ahmedabad Qatar Airways flight.He was later handed over to Sardarnagar police officials who have booked him for tampering Indian passport and entering the country illegally.\"Under suspicion we asked him to get his passport verified. During inspection we found that the passport had been tampered with and the original photograph had been replaced. When questioned initially, he maintained that no tampering had been done but later admitted of travelling on someone else's passport,\" said a senior Ahmedabad airport immigration official.Sardarnagar police station officials said that Shivan, who hails from Kollam, Kerala, had replaced the photograph on passport as his original passport was in the custody of a court in Dubai.\"Shivan was working in Dubai for the last 15 years. However, a couple of years ago, he took a loan there which he was unable to repay and faced criminal proceedings. While granting him bail, a Dubai court asked him to surrender his original passport,\" said a police official.Police officials said that Shivan claims to be working with the royals of Dubai and has named a Dubai-resident who helped him get the photograph replaced.\"We are in process of verifying his identity. Shivan claims that his friend Mohammad Ismail got him an Indian passport on which he later put his photograph,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16273090", "title": "Italian man arrested for overstaying", "text": "CALANGUTE: Paulo Mirti, an Italian national who was arrested for overstaying in India, was on Wednesday ordered to leave the country within one month.The Calangute police said that Mirti, 57, was residing at Vagator in Anjuna. On Tuesday, a Calangute police team which was on routine patrolling, spotted him at the Calangute tinto and asked him to produce his passport. On examining his passport, it was found that his visa had expired on April 11, 2012, and consequently he was staying in the country without valid documents. He was immediately arrested.On Wednesday, he was produced before the JMFC, Mapusa, where the police filed a chargesheet. The JMFC passed an order directing him to leave the country within one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kapurthala", "code": "16274875", "title": "Farmer thrashes dalit labourer to death for stealing vegetable", "text": "KAPURTHALA: A labourer was thrashed to death by a farmer after the he had taken two pieces of ridge gourd from the farmer's fields in Kokalpur village.According to police sources, labourer Joginder Singh, a dalit, had plucked two pieces of the vegetable from a plant in the fields of Amrik Singh and the latter spotted him while doing so and accused him of theft.Amrik then started thrashing Joginder with a farm implement and left him unconscious. He then went to Joginder's house to inform that the latter was caught while stealing vegetable from his fields and was now lying thrashed.Though the kin reached him, Joginder died after some time. The family then informed police and a case under section 302 of IPC and under SC/ST Act was registered against Amrik. Police invoked provisions of SC/ST Act as Amrik had also abused Joginder's family while informing them about the thrashing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16274295", "title": "You can be both fat and fit: Study", "text": "London: Nearly half of overweight people per se are physically fit and healthy and at no greater risk of heart disease or cancer, than their slim peers, researchers claim. According to experts, the key is being \"metabolically fit\" , meaning no high blood pressure, cholesterol or raised blood sugar, and exercising.Looking at data from over 43,000 US people they found that being overweight per se did not pose a big health risk, the BBC News reported. More than a third of the participants were obese in the study conducted at the University of South Carolina. Of these 18,500, half were assessed as metabolically healthy after a physical examination and lab tests. This subset of metabolically healthy obese people who did not suffer from conditions such as diabetes, high cholesterol or high blood pressure , were generally fitter and exercised more than the other obese people . Their risk of developing or dying from cardiovascular disease or cancer was identical to people of ideal weight and was half that of \"metabolically less fit\" obese people. Lead researcher Dr Francisco Ortega , who currently works at the University of Granada in Spain, said the findings show that getting more exercise can keep you healthier, even if you still carry a bit of extra weight. \"It is well known that obesity is linked to a large number of chronic disease like cardiovascular problems and cancer. However, there appears to be a sub-set of obese people who seem to be protected from obesity-related metabolic complications,\" he said. Most of the participants came from a similar background, meaning the results may not apply to everyone. They were mostly Caucasian, well educated, and worked in executive or professional positions. \"In the majority of cases, obesity is an undeniable risk factor for developing coronary heart disease. However , these studies remind us that it is not always your weight that's important , but where you carry fat and also how it affects your health and fitness ,\" Amy Thompson, of the British Heart Foundation, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16273055", "title": "New property tax may be 0.2% of ready reckoner value", "text": "NAGPUR: The new property tax is likely to be 0.2% of ready reckoner value of properties. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) general body will take a final call on the proposal this month, but the new rates may be implemented from the next fiscal.Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane said the administration gave a presentation of the ready reckoner based property tax system to mayor Anil Sole and other office bearers at a meeting on Wednesday.Sources told TOI that the administration proposes to go for 0.2% of ready reckoner value as property tax. Members of the committee headed by Sole suggested a few changes, like excluding bars and restaurants from one category, and directed that the proposal be sent to the general body. Sole is likely to hold a he meeting of general body in the second or third week of this month, where a final decision will be taken. The decision is very important as taxpayers may face high property tax due to revision in ready reckoner rates in January.Speaking about his focus since joining, Wardhane said a penalty of Rs1 lakh has been slapped on sanitation operator Kanak Resources for not ensuring garbage-free roads and streets. \"Sanitation and cleanliness will be my top priority, with regular inspection from 7am. Cattle-sheds not registered with dairy development will be moved outside city limits. NMC is also planning a cattle-shed at Bhandewadi and may shift registered cattle-sheds there. Of over 1,172 cattle-sheds just 472 are registered,\" he said.Expressing dismay over water operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL), Wardhane said directives have been given to expedite the 24X7 water supply project. \"OCWL was to lay new water network of 800 meter daily but has failed to meet the target. Now, OCWL has been asked to ensure laying of 1.8-2km water network daily. I am monitoring it daily. Besides, the target is to complete 50% works undertaken under JNNURM and finish off everything by end of 2013,\" he said.Saying there was plan to change the Starbus operator immediately, or revise the agreement according to the Central government's enquiry report, Wardhane said any such decision may lead to breakdown of city bus service, affecting thousands. \"Efforts are on to provide land for bus stop and parking. Meeting was held with PDKV, which was positive over giving land to NMC. Also, TATA company has agreed to undertake maintenance of buses. Plans are going on to improve services,\" he said.Confirming the show cause notice to corporator Ramesh Punekar for misbehaving with assistant commissioner Dilip Patil, Wardhane said a reply has been received. \"Further steps will be taken after going through the reply.\"Wardhane also said that staffers are reaching office in time since his show cause notice to three staffers. Asked about Sonegaon lake, Wardhane said verification of exact land is going on.He added, \"It's too early, but all efforts are on to improve civic services and expedite development works. Issues like education, pay and park, roads etc will be dealt with in the coming days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16273515", "title": "CCL employee commits suicide in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: A CCL employee committed suicide by setting himself on fire at Pahari Gohra under the Gandhinagar police station here on Wednesday.The deceased, Vijay Kumar was attached to the Jarangdih Coilery of CCL. The family members of the deceased said he was suffering psychological problems. The incident occurred at his house when his wife Mangla Devi was taking a bath and his daughter was away.Police quoting the victim's wife said Kumar set himself ablaze after returning home from work. He poured kerosene on the bed, lighted it and then jumped into the flames. It all happened so suddenly that she was not able to save Kumar, police said. Police later sent the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274631", "title": "Chhattisgarh high court strips 4 power companies of land", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Chhattisgarh high court has quashed a land acquisition order by the state government for four power projects, including one of SKS Ispat and Power Ltd, the firm under a cloud for its links with Union minister Subodh Kant Sahai.Justice Prashant Mishra held on Tuesday that the state had misused its powers of eminent domain to acquire land since the coal-based power projects did not constitute 'public purpose'. The court called the acquisition a \"colourable exercise of power\" and asked the state to pay Rs 5,000 each as damages to each petitioner.\"The order is significant in the context of the current furore over private firms getting access to coal blocks for free. It shows that the same companies also got access to land for cheap, facilitated by the state,\" said Sanjay Kumar, who appeared on behalf of 62 farmers from Siladih and Birra where the government has acquired 790 acres of land for Moser Baer's 1320MW power project and also two petitioners from Akaltara where KSK Energy is setting up a 3600 MW project. Eight separate pleas had been filed by 100-odd villagers who stood to lose their land in Raigarh and Janjgir Champa districts to four firms \u2014 SKS Power, KSK Energy, Moser Baer and Visa Power.The acquisition was done under Section 2 of the Land Acquisition Act which empowers the government to forcibly acquire land on a fast-track basis for 'public purpose'. But the court held that land for private companies can only be acquired under Section 7, which mandates that companies seek government intervention only after private negotiations with farmers have failed.\"The companies did not negotiate with farmers. They simply signed agreements with the government informing them of the location where they wanted land,\" said Hamida Siddiqui, who represented petitioners from Deori and Dumarpali who lost land to Visa Power. \"The state government, in turn, issued a notification stating it was acquiring land for 'industrial use',\" said Harsh Wardhan, the lawyer who represented 29 villagers from Binjkot village in Raigarh, where 357 acres of land was transferred to SKS Power.The land was officially acquired in the name of Chhattisgarh State Industrial Corporation (CSIDC) which leased it out to the companies. \"The project's life is 25 years but the lease was signed for 99 years, effectively transferring the land to the company,\" said Sanjay Kumar.Moser Baer said it had paid advance premium to CSIDC for the land but till date no land has been leased out. \"The state government had initiated process of acquisition as per the previaling industrial policy of the state,\" it said.N Baijendra Kumar, spokesman for Chhattisgarh government, said the government was examining the order and exploring legal options. SKS Ltd declined comment and the other two firms could not be reached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273002", "title": "Original records sought in plaint against ex-pilot", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and R Y Ganoo on Wednesday asked for the original proceedings from the Esplanade court in a complaint of criminal intimidation filed in 2001 by the son of a former judge against a retired pilot.The court posted a petition filed by captain Pheroze Dastur for quashing the criminal case against him by Jamshed Lentin, son of former HC judge Justice Bakhtavar Lentin. The ex-judge was one of the two executors of one Piloo Ghaswala's will. Her daughter, Dastur's friend, had made allegations against the executors. The FIR accused Dastur of making threatening calls to the former judge, who has passed away.Dastur's lawyer Ahmed Abdi said the FIR was filed six months after the chargesheet was allegedly prepared in January 2001. Besides, he said, it was filed six years after the alleged calls. Lentin's counsel Rafiq Dada said that there were discrepancies in records Dastur relied on and the original. Public prosecutor Purnima Kantharia said she would call for the records from the magistrate's court.The next hearing is on Sept 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16272900", "title": "Human trafficking racket busted, 2 held", "text": "ALWAR: The anti-human trafficking cell of Alwar police on Tuesday busted a racket in which minor girls were sold to different parts of the country and arrested two persons in this connection. Police said it could lead to more arrests.The team acted on a tip-off and arrested two persons including Mohammad Islam, who is from Delhi, and Kallu Khan, who belongs to Alwar. During the raid, the team also rescued a 15-year-old girl, who is a resident of KK Colony, New Delhi.\"Primary investigation suggested that Kallu Khan had also raped the girl and he intended to sell her to a buyer from Delhi. Since the buyer from Delhi was not interested in the girl so the two men were taking her back to their hideout,\" said a senior officer of anti-human trafficking cell on Wednesday.The girl, in her statements, alleged that the accused Mohammed Islam brought her from Delhi a week ago and promised to provide her a good job.\"The girl was sent for medical examination, since she also said that she was raped,\" the officer added.The police are trying to locate the girl's parents to hand her over to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273785", "title": "Meet to discuss aquaculture trends and future", "text": "LUCKNOW: The national bureau of fish genetic resources (NBFGR) will organise a two-day national consultation on \"alien fish species in aquaculture and aquarium trade: issues and perspectives\", beginning Thursday.Several directors and officers from National Fisheries Development Board (NFDB), state fisheries departments, marine product development authority (MPEDA), coastal aquaculture authority (CAA), aquaculturists entrepreneurs, eminent scientists from ICAR fisheries institutes and professors from universities are expected to participate in the event. The consultation will focus on the present scenario of fish introductions in the country, proposals on new introductions, and issues related to safe, responsible and sustainable aquaculture development in the country.Aquaculture is growing at a fast pace of over 8% globally since 1970 and has diversified to over 300 fish species the world over. At present, carps contribute a significant share of aquaculture production in the country, with several other species of commercial and regional importance gaining increasing importance for diversified farming. During the last six decades, over a dozen alien species have been introduced legally or illegally to diversify aquaculture production in the country.Over the years, aqua-farmers of the country have been stressing on importation of new varieties of finfish and shellfish species for aquaculture and aquarium purposes in the context of changing domestic and international markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "delhi/chennai", "code": "16273548", "title": "Absurd organ donation rule on kitchen-sharing dropped", "text": "DELHI/CHENNAI: The Union health ministry has decided to drop the clause from the draft 'Transplantation of Human Organ Rules 2012' that required an unrelated organ donor to prove that he/she was sharing the same kitchen with the recipient for 10 years or more.According to senior officials of the director general of health services (DGHS), the clause saying that to donate an organ for a not so near relative, one has to prove that he shared the same kitchen and produce \"old photographs showing the donor and the recipient together\" has faced stiff resistance.TOI had first reported this clause after the health ministry chaired a meeting to finalize the draft of on August 30.The ministry official said there was also a technical hiccup to such a clause.\"The Supreme Court had in a judgment said a donor or a recipient of an organ can't have an employee-employer relationship as it could then entail exploitation. Having the clause of sharing the kitchen for 10 years would bring servants residing with families for a long time into the picture. However, servants can't be donors to their caretaker according to the SC. We will drop this provision,\" the official said.Under the new draft, an unrelated donor may also have to be interviewed along with his or her family member \"regarding awareness about his or her intention to donate an organ, the authenticity of the link between the donor and the recipient and the reasons for donation\".The draft says any \"strong views or disagreement or objection of such kin shall be recorded and taken note of\".The unrelated donor and the recipient might also have to supply income statement for the previous three financial years.\"Any gross disparity between the status of the two must be evaluated in the backdrop of the objective of preventing commercial dealing,\" the draft exclusively available with TOI says. It also says a donor will have to undergo a psychiatric evaluation to certify that he is not mentally challenged.Even the DGHS, Dr Jagdish Prasad, who chaired the August 30 meeting, wasn't happy with the kitchen-related recommendation, saying, \"We will change it. These recommendations will be put up before the public. It will take around two months before it is notified.\"Dr Ravindra Nath, chairman of Global Hospitals who is also a liver transplant surgeon, said, \"Sharing the same kitchen or asking them to produce photographs to establish relationship are likely to be voted out when the draft is vetted by the law ministry. It is not scientific.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277165", "title": "Sivakasi tragedy: Stringent regulatory regime needed", "text": "State and central governments have predictably expressed shock and grief at the horrendous tragedy in Sivakasi and announcements of compensation have also been made. But that is not enough. What we really need is a more stringent regulatory regime for what is clearly a hazardous industry. More importantly, whatever regulations and laws are put in place must be enforced strictly. Unless this is done, such tragedies will keep recurring with depressing regularity and we can continue to express grief and shock to no effect.Related story:  Sivakasi fireworks blast kills 37, leaves 70 injured", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16275487", "title": "'Teachers can learn lessons from their students too'", "text": "Mysore: Not only do students learn from teachers, but teachers too can learn many things from students. This was Mangala Muddumadappa, headmistress of the famous Marimallappa high school, opining as she recollected two incidents while speaking on the occasion of Teachers' Day. These two incidents taught her about the \"spirit of life\" and value of \"self respect\" in one's life. She recalled the story of an intelligent and studious Class 8 girl. \"This girl evinced keen interest in lessons and on occasions never hesitated to ask questions to clarify her doubts. Sometimes her interest in studies and keenness seemed a bit too much,\" she said, adding that she was surprised when girl suddenly started missing classes. \"When we inquired, we were shocked to discover that the girl was suffering from blood cancer,\" the headmistress disclosed, adding that after three years the girl passed SSLC with 90% marks. Sadly, the girl was not present to hear this news, she said. \"Despite knowing that she was suffering from cancer and not going to live long, her indomitable spirit to achieve a goal in life left everybody amazed,\" said Muddumadappa. \"That day itself I learnt that despite all shortcomings one should lead a spirited life and love life,\" the headmistress said. The secong incident which left an indelible mark on her mind was a boy's resolve to lead life with self respect. She said a boy always used to come late to school and miss the prayer meetings. \"One day I asked him the reason for turning up late and his story taught me that one should not compromise on self respect,\" she said. The boy had lost his father and his mother worked as domestic help. He had to support his mother by selling flowers in the morning. He could eat only after his mother brought home food from the houses where she worked. \"This was the reason why he missed morning prayers, the boy revealed with tears rolling down his cheeks,\" the teacher said. Moved by the boy's plight, all teachers told him that they would make arrangements for his breakfast and lunch in the school, but the boy refused saying that he had his own self respect and he did not want to live on alms. \"That day I learnt self respect is more important in life than anything else,\" said Muddumadappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16272146", "title": "Experts recommend congestion tax", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's administrators need to adopt a proactive approach towards boosting the transport system and bringing down vehicular pollution, believe experts who will deliberate the issue at an international conference on environmental health at Nehru Centre on Thursday.The consensus among experts is that more Mumbaibaikars need to be guided away from using private vehicles and towards public transportation. \"We should look at curtailing cars by flooding the roads with buses,\" says transport expert Sudhir Badami.Badami argues that the government is concentrating on \"big\" projects, such as the Metro, which are not likely to be \"effective for the next 40 years\". What it, in fact, should do is \"divert one-twentieth of the funds\" towards boosting the public bus network. This, Badami says, will provide Mumbaikars the mobility they require and desire.Transport expert Ashok Datar believes the transport policy needs an overhaul. More investment, he says, should be made on footpaths and bicycle lanes instead of on highways and road widening, as is the current practice. \"Citizens too should proactively take up environment-friendly travel. Rather than hopping into a car or taxi or auto, they should ensure that distances of about one kilometre are travelled on foot.\" Datar explains that a citizen's travel hierarchy should be \"walking, followed by bikes, buses, trains and private cars as a last resort\".Experts have often proposed a congestion tax, on the lines adopted by Singapore, to charge cars entering business districts. The National Environmental Engineering Research Institute suggested setting up a 'Clean Air Fund' through diverse means, including through corporate social responsibility and by levying a charge on private vehicles for every kilometre they travel.By computing a fee of Rs 1 on petrol and diesel-run cars and 50 paise on other two- and three-wheelers, the institute showed how transport authorities could rake up a kitty of Rs 2 crore a day. \"Such a fund could be used to make public transport more efficient, to invest in better transport analysis, and to support pollution-affected citizens,\" says NEERI chief Rakesh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16274019", "title": "Credai to bring out safety manual", "text": "KOCHI: Amid rising number of accident cases at construction sites and insufficient safety measures, the Kerala wing of Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (Credai) is planning to bring out a safety manual for workers in the construction industry.Shibu Baby John, state minister for labour and rehabilitation, will release the manual at Credai-Kerala's first state conference, to be held in Kochi on September 8.The confederation has four chapters -Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Thrissur and Kozhikode. \"Credai-Kochi is also conducting workshops on safety measures among its members,\" said M V Antony, president of Credai - Kerala, in Kochi on Wednesday. \"How to make housing affordable to the people in Kerala would be a theme we would be discussing in the conference, apart from the main theme of responsible and sustainable development in real estate industry,\" said K V Abdul Azeez, chairman of Credai-Kerala. \"Currently there is a shortage of 3 crore to 3.5 crore houses in India, and in Kerala too, there is a huge demand for housing,\" he added.\"We have 1.5 million migrant labourers working in Kerala. But there is a shortage of skilled labour. In order to meet this demand, the state government is setting up a Skill Development Academy which is going to be ready within six months,\" Azeez said. Credai expects around 200 property developers from Kerala, members of the Builders Association of India, and architects to participate in the conference.Jones Lang Laselle, a global real estate services firm, and KPMG , a professional services group, are the knowledge partners to the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "16274733", "title": "Young bride spells doom for 60-year-old hubby", "text": "ROURKELA: A Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP) employee, who is on the verge of retirement, has landed himself in a soup after marrying a 30-year-old poor woman by giving false information that his wife had passed away.A case has been registered against 60-year-old Sarat Chandra Das at the Woman police station of Rourkela under Sections 73, 498 (A), 376 (2) (G), 420, 506 and 34 of the IPC, on the complaint of his new wife. Das is absconding.According to sources, Das, an employee of the coke oven department of the steel plant, has been residing at RSP quarter D/226 in Sector 18 here, with his wife, two sons and a daughter. He is scheduled to retire on September 30. He married the maid of one of his colleagues at the Asurali Devi temple in Bhadrak district on April 13, 2012. The next day the marriage was registered in Bhadrak. In the affidavit, Das allegedly identified himself as Saroj Das, son of Padma Lochan Das and aged 40. On April 15, he returned to Rourkela with his new wife and lodged her in a rented house. Then, within a short span of time, the new bride was made to shift her residence thrice.When the girl finally came to know the truth, she fled to her village. \"I was threatened of dire consequences by my husband and the man at whose place I worked,\" the woman said. \"Since I did not know anybody in Rourkela, I escaped to my village and narrated my plight to my parents and villagers,\" she said. \"Our villagers then tried to contact my former employer and his wife, who played the role of mediators in my marriage. Then me and my family members came to Rourkela and lodged a complaint with the local police station,\" she added.\"A case has been registered with the local women police station against Sarat Chandra Das and Rabi Sahoo and his wife Anju Barik, who allegedly mediated the marriage. The culprits will be arrested soon,\" said Sudersan Sethi, additional SP, Rourkela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272224", "title": "4 hurt in Ghazipur slaughterhouse fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Ghazipur slaughterhouse was shut down on Wednesday after a fire broke out in the air-conditioning plant following a blast in the chilling room. Four meat traders were injured in the accident and were rushed to Apollo hospital.Upset with the poor arrangements at the slaughterhouse, around 70 meat traders vandalized the administration office and municipal vehicles parked outside the slaughterhouse. The civic agency has asked the private concessionaire responsible for the maintenance of the slaughterhouse to submit a report in this regard.The accident took place around 11.30 am when butchers were waiting at the slaughterhouse to collect the processed material. Official say that though the real cause of the blast is not known, it appears that it was caused due to short-circuit in the AC plant. \"The fire broke out in the chilling room of the AC plant due to short-circuit. We will soon get a detailed report. The private concessionaire immediately took the injured to Apollo hospital,\" said Y S Mann, director, press and information, East Delhi Municipal Corporation. The police, though, claimed that the injured were admitted at the nearby government hospital.The civic agency has filed a complaint against meat traders who had vandalized the vehicles. Though Delhi Police had asked the civic agency not to reopen the plant, officials said the plant was made operational by evening. \"Closing the plant means encouraging meat traders to carryout illegal slaughtering,\" said an East Corporation official.A formal case is yet to be lodged, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16271782", "title": "'Arun Gawli's party front for crime'", "text": "MUMBAI: Gangster-turned-don Arun Gawli's political party, the Akhil Bharatiya Sena (ABS), was an organized crime syndicate that extorted money from builders, cable operators and other businessmen. Gawli's henchmen would bring information about builders, cable operators and other businessmen, force them to come to his fortress, Dagdi Chawl, and then extort money.This fact has been established by the police, special judge Prithviraj Chavan said while sentencing Gawli to life imprisonment for the 2007 murder of Shiv Sena MLA Kamlakar Jamsandekar. Gawli, popularly known as 'Daddy', had floated a party called the Akhil Bharaitya Sena, which has two corporators in the BMC. The judge said Gawli's political outfit was a front. \"It appears that Gawli's organized crime syndicate was involved in unlawful activities and was committing crime for gaining undue economic benefits by extorting builders, cable operators etc,\" the judge said.One of the convicted accused, Sandip Gangan, in a confession that was later retracted, said, \"ABS and its workers used to supply information about construction of new structures to Gawli. The builders were summoned to the ground floor of the chawl, where there is a room know as 'Bhajnachi Kholi' (meaning a room for chanting bhajans). Those who failed to pay up were assaulted in this room with sticks and belts.\"On August 30, the court sentenced Gawli and ten others to life imprisonment for Jamsandekar's murder. Gawli was also sentenced to 10 years in jail each for extortion and being a member of an organized crime syndicate. Jamsandekar was shot dead in March 2007 in Asalpha Village, Ghatkopar, at the behest of rivals, who had apparently given Gawli the contract for his murder.Observing that the confessional statements of the accused corroborated with each other in material particulars and are quiet cogent and convincing, the court said, \"One can safely say that the organized crime syndicate headed by Gawli hatched a well- planned conspiracy with full intention and knowledge to murder Jamsandekar.\"Accused Sahebrao Bhintade and Sadashiv Surve (now deceased) with Pratap Godse and Ajit Rane had come to Dagdi Chawl to assigned Jamsandekar's contract killing to Gawli in December 2006. They were taken to Gawli by Gangan and Godse gave Gawli a bag containing Rs 30 lakh in the presence of another convicted accused Suresh Patil's presence.Gawli had then assured Bhintade and Surve that work of Jamandekar would be done.The court had awarded life imprisonment and responding to Gawli's prayer for leniency on the grounds that he was 60 years old, having children and aged mother, the court observed, \"I haven't found repentance on his face.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16273043", "title": "Security deposit of stores forfeited", "text": "JODHPUR: The Medicare Relief Society has forfeited the security deposit of Rajasthan Medicare Drug stores of MG and MDM Hospitals following the gross irregularities in their functioning.Following the three-member committee report to probe the irregularities in these stores run by the two hospitals on a contract basis, the S N Medical College administration had recommended termination of the contracts.\"On the basis of this report, we recommended the termination of the contract of these two stores. The chairman of the Medicare Relief Society, who is also divisional commissioner of Jodhpur, not only terminated their contracts but also ordered forfeiture of their security deposits,\" said Arvind Mathur, principal of S N Medical College.Confirming the order, divisional commissioner R K Jain said the security deposit of the two stores-Rs 36 lakh and Rs 25 lakh-have been forfeited. He said these stores were selling medicines without any approval and valid documents, as revealed by the police and hospital and drug department's investigation.It may be recalled that the CID and police had burst a racket of fake life saving drug Meropanum on 26 May and had seized about 1000 vials of the drug. So far 10 accused of he case have been arrested and the police along with the medical college administration is also investigating that who all are involved in this racket and how did these fake vials make their way to the hospitals Life Line Medical Stores, BPL Counters and Cooperative Medical Stores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273638", "title": "Give power roster details: HC to UP government", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Wednesday sought from the state government the roster of electricity supply in different districts of the state as well as that of industrial and agricultural sectors.A division bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice V K Dixit passed the order on a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by a local NGO. The petitioner stated that the state government is supplying round-the-clock uninterrupted power to six districts, completely due to political reasons. P 3The districts mentioned by the petitioner were Mainpuri, Etawah, Kannauj, Rampur, Rae Bareli and AmethiThe matter will come up for next hearing on September 10.The petitioner also submitted that most of the districts, including Lucknow, are reeling under heavy power cuts. \"In any case, as the state government wants welfare of people, it should ensure uninterrupted power supply to places of religious significance like Kashi, Mathura, Vrindavan, Ayodhya, Allahabad and Gorakhpeeth, where lots of devotees converge every day,\" the PIL added.The bench asked additional advocate general Bulbul Godiyal to furnish the details of power supply by next date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16271838", "title": "MCD official to face trial in graft case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Wednesday ordered trial of an MCD official for allegedly misusing his official position in favouring a five-star hotel and not demolishing its unauthorized construction in lieu of monetary benefits.Special CBI judge Rakesh Syal said that MCD's junior engineer Jagbir Singh employed corrupt or illegal means and abused his position as a public servant to obtain for the hotel company, a valuable thing or a pecuniary advantage, without any public interest, by not demolishing the unauthorized construction at motel.As the accused did not plead guilty and asked for trial, the court fixed September 19 for recording the testimonies of CBI witnesses in the case.Directing the accused to face trial in the case, the judge said there are grounds for presuming that the accused has committed offences punishable under Section 218 (public servant framing incorrect record to save person from punishment or property from forfeiture) and 417 (cheating) of the IPC and sections 13 (2) read with 13 (1) (d) of the Prevention of Corruption Act.On a complaint filed by Kalyan Sanstha Social Welfare Organization here, the Delhi high court in 2006 had issued direction to the authorities to carry out demolition of the unauthorized construction at the hotel.The errant official, however, did not carry out the demolition and instead \"raised demolition charges of Rs 15,750 against the motel\", the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16273475", "title": "Budding managers pledge to donate eyes", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A counselling session to spread awareness about eye donation, conducted by Roshni, an NGO working for the promotion of eye donation in Jamshedpur, instantly prompted 27 XLRI students to pledge for eye donation on Wednesday. The awareness programme was conducted on the XLRI campus on the occasion of Teacher's Day.\"XLRI students were very appreciative of the programme and approached team Roshni to visit once again so that other students who have missed out on this can get the opportunity to extend their services to mankind,\" said a functionary of Roshni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16272953", "title": "Fake Maroperam injections likely cause of several deaths: Report", "text": "JAIPUR: The fake antibiotic injection of Maroperam - provided to patients through the life line stores of the Mahatma Gandhi Hospital and Mathura Das Mathur Hospital in Jodhpur has caused death of patients.The shocking suggestion has been made in a report prepared by the principal of SN Medical College in Jodhpur in response to the police queries regarding a fake medicine racket.The report has given the police ground to book the 10 accused arrested so far in the case under Section 27 of the Drug and Cosmetic Act, apart from other sections of the IPC.\"Under this section the accused are booked for giving an adulterated drug which is likely to have caused death or grievous hurt when used by a person during diagnosis, treatment, mitigation, or prevention of any disease or disorder,\" said addl DCP Jodhpur (east) Manoj Choudhary on Wednesday.The police had seized nearly 1,000 Maroperam injections from a drug store on May 26. The police have since then arrested nine people including the kingpin, Rajesh Purohit, who was running a bogus pharmaceutical firm, a life line store owner and a nursing tutor. Police are gathering evidence against at least 12 doctors suspected to be involved in prescribing fake medicines manufactured by this bogus pharmaceutical company to earn hefty commissions.The officer said Maroperam is given to a patient as an antibiotic after a complex surgery. \"We had sent a questionnaire to the medical college principal as to what would have happened to the patients if they were not administered 'proper' Maroperam after a complex surgery. The report says it can cause death,\" said ChoudharyThe officer said, \"During our preliminary investigation, it has come up that hundreds of BPL patients were sold fake antibiotic injection of Maroperam named Merocd and Merosul over the past three years from the life line stores of Mahatma Gandhi Hospital and Mathura Das Mathur Hospital, and some of them died. The number of deaths is yet to be confirmed.\"He said the report prepared by three experts of forensic medicine and pharmacology branches suggests the cause of death could have been the fake Maroperam injections administered to the patiens.Police will also summon the three senior doctors who are members of a committee that approves purchase of medicines for these two biggest government-run hospitals in Jodhpur. The alleged connivance of the doctors with the store managers and nursing staff is also under the lens.\"We have written to the Rajasthan Medicare Relief Society to provide us names of the three senior doctors at these hospitals. As soon as we receive their names, these doctors will be summoned for questioning as to how the fake medicines were purchased for the hospitals' life line stores,\" Choudhary added.The officer said that a purchase order for 600 fake injections to provide them to BPL patients through life line stores had been issued after the committee's approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16272509", "title": "35 villages in Bhivapur tehsil flooded", "text": "NAGPUR: As many as 35 villages in Bhivapur tehsil were submerged after Nagpur district witnessed heavy downpour in the past 24 hours. The rain also paralyzed normal life in many other towns, villages and localities. A 35-year old man was drowned in Sawangi village in Narkhed.The Gorewada lake in city also started overflowing towards wee hours of Wednesday. It resulted in increasing of water level in Pilli river. Nagpur Municipal Corporation's fire and emergency services department sounded alert for people residing in low-lying areas, especially those on banks of Pilli River and Nag Nullah.Many houses in various parts of the city including Palloti Nagar were submerged in water, causing destruction of household goods worth lakhs of rupees. Many in city's outskirts remained confined to their homes as the neighbourhood was submerged due to incessant rains. Total 40 cases of waterlogging were registered with the Fire Brigade control room.The met office said Umrer tehsil received 93.80mm rainfall in last 24 hours. It was followed by Bhivapur with 86mm rainfall. At least, 30 houses collapsed in different towns of the district. According to officials from district disaster management cell, in Umrer tehsil, 17 houses collapsed in Sawangi, nine in Paoni and two at Sawangi Khurd villages. Water entered into 250 houses in 35 villages in Bhivapur.The water level in all irrigation projects increased substantially. Twenty one gates of Wadgao reservoir were opened by 25 inches to let out water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273601", "title": "Meet on Haldia Petrochemicals", "text": "KOLKATA: The Chatterjee Group (TCG), co-promoters of Haldia Petrochemicals, is ready to approach lenders along with the state government for raising the working capital limit of the beleaguered petrochem firm.TCG chief Purnendu Chatterjee on Wednesday called on state commerce and industries minister and HPL chairman Partha Chatterjee. Sources said lenders have indicated that both the main promoters of HPL should approach them together for extending the credit line to the firm. HPL had sought an additional Rs 1,000 crore credit line for working capital. Main lenders of HPL are IFCI, IDBI Bank , ICICI Bank , PNB, SBI, Allahabad Bank and Union Bank of India .After the meeting, Chatterjee said it has approached the co-promoter about latest development on lenders front, naptha procurement and functioning of the company. \"We have also discussed about the next annual general meeting (AGM) date. It should be in last week of September,\" he added. HPL has yet to hold AGM for 2011-12. HPL hold annual general meetings (AGM) for seven consecutive years (up to 2010-11) along with EGM for adoption of annual accounts and appointments of managing director Sumantra Chowdhury, chairman Partha Chatterjee and independent director Jamshyd Godrej in August.According to HPL industry minister HPL has recorded cash profit in July and August after consecutive losses in first three months of this fiscal. When contacted, Purnendu\"We have to ensure that the company is revived and we are keen on seeing it doing well,\" Chatterjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "16277856", "title": "60,000 Bhutanese refugees resettled in US", "text": "KATHMANDU: As many as 60,000 Bhutanese refugees have been resettled in the US from Nepal where they had taken refuge in the 1990s after being forced out of their country.On September 4, the 60,000th Bhutanese refugee, departed from Nepal to USA. The 28-year-old woman will start a new life in Columbus, Ohia, with her husband and young daughter, said a statement from the US Embassy here.The US, in close coordination with the International Organisation for Migration (IOM), began resettling Bhutanese refugees residing in eastern Nepal in 2007.Besides the US, which has accepted 60,000 refugees, some 11,000 have already settled in Australia, Canada, the Netherlands, Denmark, Norway, New Zealand, and the UK, as part of the third country resettlement programme initiated in 2007 in association with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).\"The US is committed to considering for resettlement as many Bhutanese refugees as express interest,\" said the US Embassy.Initially, the US government had expressed interest to accept a maximum of 60,000 Bhutanese refugees.Over 100,000 Nepali-speaking Bhutanese refugees have been residing in various camps of eastern Nepal since early 1990s after the Bhutan government introduced the 'One Nation One People' policy to resurrect the Bhutanese cultural identity.After many rounds of bilateral talks held between Nepal and Bhutan failed to repatriate even a single Bhutanese refugee, Nepal government agreed to resettle them in third countries at the initiative of the UNHCR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16274809", "title": "Haryana court directs police to book Raj Thakre in sedition case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Haryana court on Wednesday directed Hisar police to book MNS chief Raj Thakre in a sedition case for allegedly making provocative statements against migrants from Bihar in Mumbai.The decision came from the court of Ashwani Mehta, sub-divisional judicial magistrate (SDJM), Hansi, who directed the city police station accordingly, while disposing off the complaint filed by Rajat Kalson, a lawyer.The SDJM directed police to investigate after registering a case under sections 124 A (sedition), 153 (provocation with intent to cause riot) and 153 A (promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, residence, language, etc.) and 153 B (Imputations, assertions prejudicial to national integration, etc).Kalson in his petition filed on Monday apprehended riots and lawlessness in the country owing to the statements of Raj Thakre against residents of north Indian states and Bihar. He has maintained that such statements tantamount to sedition.\"The statements made by him can cause bloodshed in the country. This may lead to communal riots and innocent persons would face of loss of lives,'' said Kansal.During arguments in the open court, Kansal also gave examples of certain incidents in the past wherein Thakre had issued such statements, especially those related to his diktats to migrants from North Indian states, working in Mumbai.Kalson had filed the complaint under section 156 (3) of CrPC, which enables a common man to approach court for seeking directions to police for registration of case.Raj Thakre had on August 31 called migrants from Bihar as \"infiltrators\" (ghuspathiye).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16275249", "title": "Spotlight on plurality at Democrat convention", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Democratic leadership in the US on Tuesday wheeled out an impressive and diverse array of minorities on a (literally) colorful opening day of the party convention in Charlotte that will nominate President Obama for a second term. The message was unmistakable: Republican claims of diversity are phoney. They are a conservative, old, white folks' party; the Democrats, reflect the contemporary and future diversity and plurality of America.On an evening capped by a powerful address by popular first lady Michelle Obama in praise of the many fine qualities of her husband, a phalanx of mid-level Democratic leaders roused party storm-troopers with stories of what has been achieved in the first term and what remains to be done. With a winning smile and a striking pink dress, Michelle went personal on Barack, the husband and father, describing his uncommon humility, his intimate knowledge of personal struggle of the poor and middleclass, and his unwavering commitment to the American Dream.Tasked with retaining the support of their rainbow coalition, including the many who are evidently disappointed with the Obama presidency, other party stalwarts ticked off major initiatives that had benefited each key constituency. For women , it was the wage parity act which Obama signed into law bringing them on par with men; for students, it was college loan subsidies; for foreign-born minorities, it was the dream of immigration; for the ultra-liberals it was the personal choice in abortion and gay rights; and for the broader majority, health care initiatives.The messengers were an assortment of family and friends, aides and associates, of US's first mixed race president. Concluding with his (among the party cadres) African-American wife, they included his Indonesian half-sister Maya Soetoro-Ng, his brother-in-law Craig Robinson , the Hispanic mayor of San Antonio Julian Castro, the Indian-American Hollywood actor and former White House aide Kal Penn (Kalpen Modi), and Obama's former chief of staff and current Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel.The event was so palpably about showcasing the Democratic platform of diversity that a journalist watching TV cameras zoom in on faces exclaimed in exasperation, \"Come on, aren't there any white people in the audience?\"There were a few, but they are liberals quite at ease with the gradual easing of America into a unique 21st century plurality that some experts say will make it very difficult for Republicans to win elections in the future unless they recast their party base.In fact, Democrats flaunted a older white woman to nibble away at one of the last Republican bastions: the senior white vote.In a rich southern accent, Lilly Ledbetter recounted how Obama signed the eponymous law named after her following her fight for equal wages in a landmark employment discrimination case.Democrats typically get between 41% to 43% of the white votes. So Republicans, it would appear, need more than 60% of the white votes to win the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16271668", "title": "Control centre set up for CoP-11 meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hitex-HICC stretch has now been completely cordoned off for general public with only Novotel employees allowed on this road. Even guests to Novotel are not being allowed here through the main gate but are being asked to take the gate from Kondapur. People who use the stretch for morning and evening walks or for commuting between Madhapur and Kondapur too are being denied entry here. While tree felling stopped on the stretch since Monday, some locals said there has been some activity past midnight.Locals are ruing the security arrangement. The Hitex campus attracts a significant number of walkers and joggers in the mornings and evenings and they find it strange that they cannot enter the area even though CoP-11 has not yet started. \"This is the only place in the vicinity which is ideal for walking,\" said D Ramakrishna Rao, a resident of Madhapur who is a regular evening walker here. \"I do not see any reason why we should not be allowed inside. We can be frisked and allowed inside but the security personnel refused to allow us in even after we told them that we had come for walking.\"About 40-50 police personnel have been deployed at various points at the venue and all the entry and exit points have been sealed for thorough frisking. The police have also decided not to let casual visitors inside and those working or visiting establishments inside the campus are allowed only after establishing their identity. The traffic is also being diverted in and around Hitex in order to step up the beautification works as well as security reasons.Many residents of Kondapur take the Hitex route as a shortcut. They were also strictly turned away and were asked to take the main road. \"What could have taken me five minutes will take more than 20 minutes now. There is heavy traffic in the mornings and evenings and because of that I take this route,\" said P Vineel, a resident of Kondapur.The security cover had to be beefed up on this stretch, observers said that the entire stretch getting cordoned off was possibly the direct result of the outcry the felling of trees generated. After three months of delay, the administration has now set up a command and control centre at the National Academy of Construction building inside Hitex with just about three weeks to go for the international summit.Officials said that in the coming few days close to ten teams from state and central security agencies will monitor and review developments continuously and there will be massive presence of security personnel.A senior police official involved in the security arrangements said that the centre will be headed by a SP rank officer and assisted by three inspector rank officers. \"The centre has to not just look after the security but also gather important information and brace up for any emergency.\"These include local information and statistics right from demography to traffic issues to local problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16274363", "title": "Prof Yashpal laments non-implementation of report on higher education", "text": "VARANASI: Noted scientist and former chairman of UGC Prof Yashpal has a lament. \"No step has been taken so far on the report we have submitted to the Centre regarding renovation and rejuvenation of higher education,\" he said.Prof Yashpal, on a two-day visit to the Banaras Hindu University ( BHU ) beginning Tuesday, to attend a programme related to Teachers Day, had submitted a 94-page report titled 'The Committee to Advice on Renovation and Rejuvenation of Higher Education' to the Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal in June 2009.He said the committee not only pointed out the challenges to the higher education sector, but also set an agenda for action. According to the report, the higher education sector faces the challenges of loss of primacy of the universities, erosion of their autonomy, undermining of undergraduate education, growing distance between knowledge areas and the isolation of universities from the real world outside and crass commercialization.The committee set an agenda of action that advocates the creation of an all-encompassing National Commission for Higher Education and Research (NCHER), a constitutional body to replace the existing regulatory bodies including the UGC, AICTE, NCTE and DEC and to follow up the Constitutional amendment with an appropriate law for the Commission's functioning.According to the report, the universities should be made responsible regarding the academic content of all courses and programmes of study, including professional courses. Professional bodies to be divested of their academic functions, which would be restored to the universities. Curricular reform should be the topmost priority of the newly created NCHER which would create a curricular framework based on the principles of mobility within a full range of curricular areas and integration of skills with academic depth.It should be mandatory for all universities to have a rich undergraduate programme and undergraduate students must get opportunities to interact with the best faculty. While appointing teachers to the universities their affiliation to a particular college should also be specified to emphasize the need for their exposure to undergraduate students.Undergraduate programmes should be restructured to enable students to have opportunities to access all curricular areas with fair degree of mobility. It is highly recommended that normally, no single discipline or specialized university should be created. The vocational education sector is at present outside the purview of universities and colleges. Alienation of this sector can be overcome by bringing it under the purview of universities and by providing necessary accreditation to the courses available in polytechnics, industrial training institutions, and so on. Additionally the barriers to entry into universities for students going through vocational training should be lowered to enable them to upgrade their knowledge base at any stage of their careers.The NCHER should also galvanize research in the university system through the creation of a National Research Foundation. New governing structures should be evolved to enable the universities to preserve their autonomy in a transparent and accountable manner. Practice of according status of deemed university should stopped forthwith till the NCHER takes a considered view on it.It would be mandatory for all existing deemed universities to submit to the new accreditation norms to be framed on the lines proposed in this report within a period of three years failing which the status of university should be withdrawn. However, unique educational initiatives which have over a period of time enriched higher education by their innovations should be given recognition and support appropriately.According to the report, modern higher education system requires extension facilities, sophisticated equipment and highly specialized knowledge and competent teachers. It would not be possible for every university to possess the best of these infrastructures. Hence, one of the primary tasks of the NCHER to create several inter-university centres (IUCs) in diverse fields to create the best of these possibilities and attract the participation of several institutions of higher learning to avail them. The model, already successfully demonstrated by the IUCs of the UGC like the Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics, Inter University Accelerator Centre and others, would be a valuable guidance in their structures, governance, operation and support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16274513", "title": "Court directs PWD to construct road", "text": "KANPUR: The permanent Lok Adalat of Kanpur Dehat on Wednesday directed secretary Rural Development UP government, district magistrate, Kanpur Dehat and chief development officer (CDO) to provide funds on the basis of an estimate to executive engineer, Provincial Works department (PWD) and get the link road between Firozpur and Mughal road constructed within six months. The presiding judge, president of Lok Adalat Kanpur Dehat, Subhash Chandra passed the above order in connection with about a dozen cases filed by Ram Prakash, Kripal Singh and residents of village Firozpur, block Rajpur, under Sikandara Tehsil.In their petition, the complainants had claimed that their village, Firozpur, is situated three kilometers away from Tehsil headquarters. While one out of the three kilometers had a pukka road, the remaining two kilometers road were made up of a kuchcha road. There was also the River Sone midway but neither a bridge nor a culvert to cross it.The complainants said they had to face a lot of problems during the rainy season, along with apprehensions of snake and insect bites and sweeping away of kids in the river stream. There was another way to reach the Tehsil headquarters, but that was six kilometer long.The residents alleged that top district officials had been apprised about their problems on several occasions but the matter had not been resolved. Therefore, they had requested that the court pass directives to the state government to construct the road at the earliest.During the hearing, executive engineer PWD apprised the court that his department had prepared the estimate for the construction of link road and had forwarded the same to the state government and DM Kanpur dehat as well as the chief development officer for sanction.The presiding judge Subhash Agarwal, and Dr Asha Kumar and Padam Mohan Mishra, both members of Lok Adalat observed in their order that the case file had a photocopy of letter of Surjan Singh under secretary UP government, and it shows that the department had become active when it received a court notice.The complainants had also admitted that the PWD department became active after they had filed the case and the department was showing interest in construction of the road .Therefore, the present case was being disposed off with necessary instructions in the wake of statement by complainants and the PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274047", "title": "Capital gets country's third super-speciality vet clinic", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The chief minister inaugurated a veterinary hospital with ultra-modern facilities, including dialysis and ultrasound, at Orissa University of Agriculture and Training in Bhubaneswar on Wednesday. The super-special hospital for animals is the third such in the country.The Teaching Veterinary Clinical Complex will provide 24X7 healthcare services to both pets and wild animals, said OUAT vice chancellor D P Ray. It will serve as the only referral centre for treatment of animals from across the state, he added. \"This is the third such veterinary hospital in the whole country where all ultra-modern health care facilities for animals is available. An estimated Rs 7.2 crore grant from the Indian Council of Agriculture Research ( ICAR) has been spent on the construction of the complex,\" Ray said.The complex would also help in the education of veterinary students in the university. \"As per the Veterinary Council of India's guidelines, each veterinary college must have a teaching clinical complex to help students understand the course better. Besides 20 specialist doctors, the hospital will have junior doctors from the veterinary college to serve in the hospital. The hospital was a necessity in the state as we did not have any super specialty hospital to treat a huge number of wild and pet animals,\" said former principal of veterinary college S K Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16274430", "title": "Qateel killed in jail for terror boast: Cops", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police filed a chargesheet on Wednesday stating that slain Indian Mujahideen operative Qateel Siddiqui (27), in a conversation with gangster Alok Bhalerao, had boasted of making a second attempt at planting a bomb at the famous Dagdusheth Ganapati temple if he was released. Siddiqui was strangled to death inside the high security 'anda' cell of the Yerawada central jail on June 8 allegedly by gangster Sharad Mohol (42) and Bhalerao (22).Siddiqui was earlier arrested by the Delhi police on November 22, 2011 and then handed over to the Maharashtra ATS on May 3 to facilitate the probe into an attempt to plant a bomb near the Dagdusheth Ganapati temple on February 13, 2010 \u2014 the day of the German Bakery blast.On May 28, a local court remanded Siddiqui to judicial custody till June 8 and he was since lodged at the Yerawada jail, where he came in contact with Mohol and Bhalerao \u2014 in jail for an offence under Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act. The chargesheet stated that both Siddiqui and Bhalerao were taking a stroll outside the 'anda' cell when the latter asked Siddiqui how he could sleep after killing so many people. Siddiqui then boasted that he could do things which others like Bhalerao could not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16271714", "title": "Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan urged to take action on Goda issue", "text": "NASHIK: Volunteers of the Godavari Gatarikan Virodhi Manch met Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan at the government guest house on Wednesday to present a memorandum of demands on the issue of pollution in the Godavari. The CM assured the group that he would look into the matter and do the needful.The non-governmental organisation that Manch has been protesting and fasting against river's pollution and have also held dasts while had given an ultimatum to civic authorities to take action against officials responsible for the pollution. On Tuesday, a case against the municipal commissioner was admitted in the district court which directed the police commissioner of Nashik to appoint a suitable person and go through the inquiry and submit its report on or before November 11.The volunteers presented a memorandum to the chief minister and appealed to the chief minister to him to appoint a committee, and chair it, for ridding Godavari of pollution and that could take action taking action against those responsible for polluting the river. They also volunteers demanded restricting the release of sewage water into the river, clearing it of water hyacinth and conducting an inquiry over funds the amount spent over the last the past ten years on the Godavari Action Plan. and taking action against the officials responsible for the pollution.IN course of presenting the seriouness of the issue, To make their case, the Manch also showed Chavan pictures of the extent of pollution. They also showed pictures of the polluted river to him.Guardian minister of Nashik, and PWD minister, Chhagan Bhujbal , who was also present at the meeting, told the CM chief minister that the river's pollution was indeed a major problem. The non-governmental organisation that. The Manch had given an ultimatum to the city's civic authorities to take action against officials responsible for the pollution.On Tuesday, a case against the municipal commissioner was admitted in the district court which directed the city police commissioner to appoint an appropriate individual to proble the matter and submit its report on or before November 11.Chavan assured the NGO that he would look into the issue and would do the needful at the earliest.They volunteers demanded restricting the release of sewage water into the river, clearing water hyacinth and conducting an inquiry of the amount spent in the past 10 years on Godavari action plan and taking action against the officials responsible for the pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16274773", "title": "Godfrey wants Air India to take flight post Durand win", "text": "MUMBAI: What's it about the whiff of nostalgia that transports people back in time to invariably light up lives and leave more than just a smile on faces? Black and white television sets, Polaroid cameras, the old Fiats, or the Durand Cup.The sheen may have faded off the football tournament that saw its 125th edition conclude in New Delhi last week, but the sentiment doesn't change for Godfrey Pereira whose Air India team edged out fellow city club, Dodsal FC in a nervous shootout to emerge first-time victors.For someone who is into his first stint as coach of a top-flight club, life certainly seems to have come a full circle. \"I've won every trophy a player can win with a club spare this one,\" says the former India player glancing at the replica that sits pretty on his table at the club's Kalina office. \"The closest I ever came to winning it was in 2000 with Mahindras when Mohun Bagan beat us 2-1 in the final. The trophy that I chased for years as a player, landed in my hands in my first tournament as coach,\" he says.The argument that Air India's victory shouldn't be taken seriously as most of the top I-League teams skipped the tournament holds little water for Pereira. \"There were teams like Pune FC and Sporting Clube de Goa participating. We didn't have anything easy. At the end of the day, a Durand Cup win is a Durand Cup win,\" he says.Call it a curse, horrible timing or simply fate taking the fun out of your moment of glory, Air India's exploits were didn't receive the right publicity because of the national team making it a hattrick of Nehru Cup titles at a stadium just 15kms away. But the club is at peace with being shortchanged when it comes to coverage in the media. \"We'd love to have a little more noise being made about our triumph but we're happy to let the national team hog the limelight. They totally deserved it,\" says Pereira, who, like most Air India coaches in the past, has the unenviable task of rebuilding the team from scratch this season.The club lost as many as 15 players to rivals after their 9th place finish in the ILeague last season and Pereira will be following past coaches when he smiles, shrugs and starts assembling the jigsaw yet again. He also wants to make the club play in a style that attracts the management's largesse and changes Air India's image of merely an ideal feeder club. \"This situation is as challenging and frustrating. The exodus of good players leaves us disappointed, but also makes us want to drive home a point by fighting it out with limited resources.\"It's not every other season that Air India walks home triumphant from a tournament. While the Durand Cup win is special, Pereira wants to make sure his boys get over it and focus on the long season ahead. \"We're a team with very little resources and we can't afford to rest on our laurels. There's the Federation Cup and then the I-League. We want to finish in the top half of the table.\"While Air India may not be able to indulge on their players like most clubs, the least they could do was give the team a week off from training for their Durand triumph. There are a few things that money can't buy and Air India are grateful for that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16274326", "title": "Banaras Hindu University administration maintains no-union stance", "text": "VARANASI: Several students staged a peaceful demonstration outside the office of the Dean of Students, BHU, demanding restoration of the Student Union right after the announcement of date of elections of varsity's Student Council on Wednesday.Fearing that the protest may turn violent, members of the proctorial board arrived at the venue, followed by policemen and PAC force. The agitating students attempted to enter the dean's office, but eventually staged a sit-in right outside the premises after their entry was blocked by security personnel.\"I have been studying at the university for the past five years, and have faced a number of difficulties. Until a strong student union is not present, many problems of the students cannot be solved,\" said a student of MA, department of Economics, BHU while talking to reporters. In response to the administration's claims that the agitation lacks majority, Akash, a student of the university said the voting percentage in our country too is barely 45 to 50 percent, but that does not mean that ours is an undemocratic country.\"There are several issues that are not transparent in the university, including the issue of delay of academic session or the delay in declaration of results. Students do not have any say in major events at the university. A student union will surely solve these problems,\" he opined.Notably, chief proctor HCS Rathore, who was also present at the venue said, \"The agitation lacks majority. Around 99.9% of the students are satisfied with the Student Council. It is the individual interest of certain students with motives of a political career that is backing the stir for a student union at the university.\"According to Rathore, no action will be taken against the students until the protest is peaceful, and the university has no plans to change its decision on the Student Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16272279", "title": "100 hotels to set up biofuel units", "text": "BANGALORE: You may soon get hotel food parcels in plantain leaves and arecanut leaf bowls.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel instructed members of the Bangalore Hoteliers Association that they must implement the ban of plastic and segregate garbage at source.At a meeting on Wednesday with hoteliers, Goel said their association must come up with a list of 100 hotels which will start installing biofuel plants on site in a month. \"Taking the help of a biofuel researcher, hotels can set up biogas units on their own and manage their waste. To begin with, biogas generators can come up in 100 large hotels,\" Goel said.The commissioner introduced Sheetal Singh, a researcher with the Karnataka State Biofuel Development Board, who will provide technical guidance. She has a biogas unit at home which generates LPG on a daily basis by converting 1.5kg of kitchen waste every day. \"The conversion of wet waste into gaseous fuel is the need of the hour. At the Bangalore International Airport, we're working on the biogas generation unit which converts food waste that arrives at BIA along with every flight. Similar units can be set up in apartments and hotels. I hardly depend on LPG supplied by the gas agency,\" Sheetal said.Hoteliers, considered bulk generators of waste, said they would co-operate with BBMP on banning plastic and segregation of waste. \"We don't mind paying for management of waste generated in our hotels. We'll meet with association members and extend BBMP our cooperation,\" said association president Vasudeva Adiga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patiala/sangrur/barnala/moga", "code": "16274899", "title": "Punjab farmers bring rail traffic to a halt, demand drought relief", "text": "PATIALA/SANGRUR/BARNALA/MOGA: Demanding Punjab should be declared drought-hit state and farmers be duly compensated, 17 farmers' organizations brought rail traffic to a grinding halt for more than three hours across Punjab on Wednesday.Hundreds of activists disrupted rail traffic at 14 places in Punjab from 12 noon to 3pm. Passengers had a tough time reaching destinations as trains were stopped at different places.Concerned over leaving out Punjab in providing drought relief, the activists of farmers organizations sat on railway tracks at Rajpura, Chhajli in Sangrur at Barnala, Mansa, Moga, Rampura, Kotkapura, Giddarbaha, Fazilka, Makhu, Patti, Amritsar, Gurdaspur and Phillaur.The blockade continued for three hours and the farmers did not allow any trains to pass through Rajpura station. Since Rajpura is the main entry point from Delhi, Haryana and other states, hundreds of rail passengers had a tough time.\"Due to lack of rain all farmers had to spend at least Rs 10,000 per acre to run their diesel generators to irrigate paddy fields. Since we did not receive adequate power despite tall claims of the Punjab government all farmers were compelled to spend such a huge amount,\" said Bharti Kisan Union (Dakaunda) leader Ram Singh Matorda.Farmers also alleged that they hoped to return their loan, taken for earlier crop, by selling paddy, but the drought like situation compelled them to take more loans. Ex-servicemen also participated in the protest.Rohit Kumar, a passenger at Sangrur railway station, said he had to reach Ambala for an urgent job but had to wait because of the blockade. Another passenger Arjun, who was to reach Ludhiana from Lehragaga, said he had to appear for an interview but missed it.BKU Ugrahan general secretary Sukhdev Singh Kokri said, \"UPA government has ignored Punjab farmers while announcing the package for drought-hit states and the SAD-BJP government has miserably failed to pursue the matter.\"BKU Ekta president Buta Singh Burjgill and farmer leader Sujit Phool said, \"by excluding Punjab from the list of drought-hit states the UPA has meted out sheer injustice to us.\"The organizations have demanded compensation of Rs 25,000 per acre to farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16272854", "title": "Farmers upbeat after rains", "text": "JAIPUR: The agriculture department is upbeat with the heavy rainfall in all major parts of the state. Rajasthan has now shed the menacing tag of drought with 85% sowing so far. Now, the farmers and the government are hoping for a good harvest of Kharif crop.Out of 150 lakh hectares targeted for Kharif sowing this year, the state has completed 127 lakh hectares till Monday. Nine districts have gone beyond 100% while 14 have achieved above 90% of their sowing targets. Though it is still short from last year's 142 lakh hectares, but the picture looks good after state has received late monsoon rains.\"The season has almost come to an end and we expect only a marginal increase in our sowing targets. But we are satisfied as till few days back we had a drought like situation. From here we can expect a good crop of maize, soya bean, guar and even bajra in areas like Bharatpur division,\" said D B Gupta, principal secretary, agriculture department.Despite the good situation after the rains, the government still have reasons to worry for Jaisalmer, Barmer, Bikaner, Jodahpur and Tonk districts. Jaisalmer district which had 5.32 lakh hectares of land under cultivation in 2011 has been reduced to 2.09 lakh hectares in 2012. While Barmer which had 12.63 lakh hectares in 2011 has come down to 7.81 lakh in the current year for Kharif.However, officials believed that if the downpour continues till September, these areas too will come near the target. \"We are not expecting the situation like last year which was excellent for Kharif crop but if it rains in western Rajasthan in September which is likely, even these areas will get closer to their targets,\" said Bhawani Singh Detha, commissioner (agriculture).The late arrival of monsoon has completely changed the crop pattern in the state. Bajra which serves dual purposes for the farmers as fodder and crop has paved way to pulses and jowar and oilseeds.\"Since pulses like urad, moong and moth needs less water compared to bajra, farmers sowed them in bounty fearing less rainfall this year. However, after heavy rain, we have achieved 66% of our targets for bajra,\" and official of the agriculture department said.Farmers also heaved a sigh of relief with sufficient sowing of bajra and maize. The prices which shot up to Rs 800 per quintal in mid August has now dipped to Rs 200 per quintal. \"For us Bajra is more important than any other crop. It gives us green fodder. Though there were unreasonable price rice in between but now it is again coming back to normal,\" Rajveer Singh, a farmer from Kanota, said.On the contrary, the agriculture department now has started receiving complaints of possible crop damage due to water logging in the fields. \"There is fear among the farmers in certain patches of Ajmer that their crops may get damaged if water logging continues in the fields. We have taken a note of it and are working to ensure that such situation doesn't arise,\" Detha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272457", "title": "South corporation frets over revenue loss", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the Punjab and Haryana high court order to suspend toll collection on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway for 15 days has come a big relief for lakhs of commuters, the South Delhi Municipal Corporation is worried about the huge revenue loss that would run into crores of rupees. The municipal toll tax collection from all commercial vehicles entering Delhi from NH-8 was being collected by the expressway contractor till Tuesday night.On Wednesday, the private concessionaire, municipal officials said, didn't collect municipal tax from commercial vehicles and this means the south corporation could have lost at least Rs 18-20 lakh in a single day. What has caused greater concern for other municipal bodies is that more commercial vehicles might try to avoid other inter-state entry points and take NH-8 since there is no mechanism to stop such vehicles.The cash-strapped civic agency even had an urgent meeting with Delhi government officials on Wednesday evening and sources said that the municipal corporation would approach the Delhi High Court on this issue. \"If this continues, the civic body will lose crores of Rupees in the next 15 days. The private concessionaire has to be directed to collect municipal tax from commercial vehicles,'' said a senior South Corporation official.A spokesperson of Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd ( DGSCL) said that they have sought the Punjab and Haryana high court's views on this issue. As per Supreme Court order all commercial vehicles entering Delhi have to pay tax to the municipal body and this is one of the key sources of revenue for civic agencies.The civic agency has outsourced the toll tax collection to the private concessionaire. In May last year, the erstwhile MCD had managed to get the highest bid of Rs 936 crore for three years.Sources said that stopping commercial vehicles to collect toll tax at Delhi-Gurgaon border would not be an easy task since the commercial vehicles can easily chose any of the 16 lanes to cross the plaza and doing that would also result hindering smooth movement of traffic.\"That might be violation of Punjab and Haryana high court order,\" said an NHAI source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273663", "title": "Presidency honours stats legends", "text": "KOLKATA: Not everyday does one get to see a 70-year-old student bending to touch the feet of his three 90-year-old teachers. On Wednesday, the statistics department of Presidency University organized a special Teachers' Day programme to felicitate the three living legends of statistics - Atindra Mohan Gun, Milan Gupta and Bhagbat Dasgupta. All three have been alumni and teachers of the college.Gun, Gupta and Dasgupta were not only students of PC Mahalanobis but were also founders of the subject along with him. The world of Indian statistics remembers them as the creator of the first indigenous textbook of statistics - Fundamentals of Statistics. Interestingly, the book is still relevant and is the primary textbook read by every student of statistics.On Wednesday, the auditorium was filled to capacity with scholars who had been been students of the trio at some point in time. Former vice-chancellor of Visva Bharati University, Sujit Bose, singer Pratul Mukherjee and IIMC professor Rahul Mukherjee are cases in point. \"You must remember that the landmark textbook by our three professors is completing 50 years this year. That in itself calls for celebration,\" Rahul Mukherjee said.A commemorative volume, Swaranika was published by the department, replete with remembrances of the three teachers by their students spanning decades. Till 1975 all the three teachers taught together in the erstwhile college.Interestingly, it was Gun who first raised his voice in favour of autonomy of the college many years back. \"The previous government would transfer teachers at random, without thinking how it would affect the college. We needed to break away,\" Gun recounted. He is happy at the fact that his college is now university.Students, all great men and women in their chosen fields, lined up to touch their teachers' feet and held their hands in warm greetings.\"Vignettes of Prof Gun, catching hold of every student who had bunked his class and making him attend class, come back rushing to my mind. Those were the golden days.I owe everything that I am to these three teachers,\" said teacher of statistics, Srabashi Basu.Not everyday do you see such a scene. A 70-year-old student of three 90-year-old teachers, bending to touch their feet, after reciting a poem that he has written in tribute. All the four are naturally emotionally charged. The gap of 50 years was bridged in a moment. It was a special Teachers' Day programme organized by the statistics department of Presidency University to felicitate the three living legends of statistics - Atindra Mohan Gun, Milan Gupta and Bhagbat Dasgupta - all the three have been alumni and teachers of the college.They were students of PC Mahalanobis and were one of the founders of the subject along with him. The world of Indian statistics remembers them as the creator of the first indigenous text book of statistics - Fundamentals of Statistics. Interestingly, the book is still relevant and is the primary text book that is read by every student of statistics.The auditorium was full of scholars all of whom have been students of the trio at some point in time. Former vice chancellor of Visva Bharati University, Sujit Bose, singer Pratul Mukherjee, IIMC professor Rahul Mukherjee are cases in point. \"You must remember that the landmark textbook by our three professors is completing 50 years this year. That in itself calls for celebration,\" Rahul Mukherjee said.A commemorative volume Swaranika was published by the department, replete with remembrances of the three teachers by their students spanning decades. Till 1975 all the three teachers taught together in the erstwhile college. Interestingly, it was Gun who first raised his voice in favour of autonomy of the college, many years back. \"The previous government would transfer teachers at random, without thinking how it would affect the college. We needed to break away...\" Gun recounted. He is happy at the fact that his college is now university.Students, all great men and women in their chosen fields, lined up to touch their teachers' feet and held their hands in warm greetings. \"Vignettes of Prof Gun, catching hold of every student who had bunked his class and making him attend class, come back rushing to my mind. Those were the golden days. I owe everything that I am to these three teachers,\" said teacher of statistics, Srabashi Basu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "16277494", "title": "Space walk successful; Sunita Williams installs bolt, breaks record", "text": "HOUSTON: Indian-American NASA astronaut Sunita Williams and her Japanese counterpart Akihiko Hoshide have successfully restored power to the International Space Station on their second attempt.With this Spacewalk, Williams surpassed Peggy Whitson's record during yesterday's excursion for total cumulative spacewalk time by a female astronaut.Whitson worked outside for 39 hours and 46 minutes over the course of six spacewalks. Williams has conducted six spacewalks for a total of 44 hours and 2 minutes.Peggy Whitson , sent up congratulations: \"You go, girl!\" Williams replied: \"Anybody could be in these boots.\"The astronauts had to go into space for the second time in less than a week. The spacewalk lasted 6 hours 28 minutes.Williams and Hoshide have finally completed repairs on the main power unit switching mechanism, the repairing of which ran into problems earlier this week.As a result of the faults in the system, the astronauts had to save energy by turning off part of the solar cells and de-energised some compartments of the station.This was the second attempt to correct the problem. Earlier, last Thursday, Williams and Hoside were in space for more than eight hours, but failed to fix the unit and attach it correctly to the ISS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16275145", "title": "ACB submits status report on liquor syndicate probe", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Wednesday submitted to the high court its latest status report on liquor syndicates. Pinaki Chandra Ghose and Justice Vilas V Afjulpurkar which received the report said it would study it and then hear the matter.The matter was posted to next week for hearing. Following petitions expressing concern over the way the liquor syndicates were violating rules by selling liquor above the MRP while denting the state revenue, the court earlier ordered a crackdown on them. In fact, the court started monitoring the ACB probe in this regard as the involvement of several influential persons including legislators and bureaucrats came to light. The syndicate were found operating belt shops and smuggling into the state non duty paid liquor besides the MRP violation . The total money made in this illegal business was put at more than Rs 12,000 crore per annum. Though the court earlier directed the state not to transfer any of the officials of the probe team without the prior approval of the court, all the senior officials were shifted during the probe period, the counsel for the petitioner said.In an another hearing, a division bench of justices directed the state government to frame rules to implement the provisions of the AP Cow Slaughter Prohibition and Animal Preservation Act 1977 within four months from now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273991", "title": "Buffalo died 10 yrs ago, but case for Rs 15,000 still on", "text": "NEW DELHI: 'God save the villagers' was the Supreme Court's comment when it found that a rural bank incurred a litigation cost of nearly Rs 30,000 by dragging a poor farmer, who had availed a loan to buy a buffalo, from the district forum till the highest court of the land.\"The buffalo died 10 year back, but the litigation is still on for Rs 15,000,\" said a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra while expressing disapproval at the tendency to drag every small matter up to the Supreme Court.The bench said, \"Unless serious questions of law of general importance arise for consideration or a question which affects a large number of persons or the stakes are very high, court's jurisdiction cannot be invoked for resolution of small and trivial matters. We are really disturbed at the manner in which those types of matters are being brought to courts even at the level of the Supreme Court.\"One Khazani had taken a loan from Gurgaon Gramin Bank to buy a buffalo, which was insured for Rs 15,000 from 2001 to 2004. The buffalo died in December 2001. Khazani lodged a claim for insurance money through the rural bank. She sent repeated notices to the bank and insurance company about her claim but received no response.She approached the Gurgaon district forum, which asked the insurance company to pay up the claim money and directed the bank to pay her a litigation cost of Rs 3,000. When the bank moved the SC, the bench frowned at its approach and sought to know how much it had spent on such prolonged litigation over a trivial matter.On coming to know that it had spent Rs 15,950, the bench imposed an additional cost of Rs 10,000 to be paid to the villager, taking the total cost on the bank to Rs 25,950. \"Resultantly, the bank now has to spend altogether Rs 25,950 for a claim of Rs 15,000 apart from the travelling expenses of the bank officials during the litigation. Let God save the gramins (villagers)!\" the bench said.The bench took stock of the docket explosion in judiciary despite arbitration and mediation easing the pressure to a certain extent. \"We are still in the tunnel and the light is far away,\" it said.\"On more than one occasion, the Supreme Court has reminded the central government, state governments and other instrumentalities as well as to the various banking institutions to make earnest efforts to resolve disputes at their end. At times, some give and take attitude should be adopted or both will sink,\" Justice Radhakrishnan, who authored the judgment, said.On the role of rural banks, the bench said, \"Gramin Bank, like the appellant, should stand for the benefit of the gramins who sometimes avail loan for buying buffaloes, to purchase agricultural implements, seeds and so on. Repayment, to a large extent, depends upon the income which they get out of that. Crop failure due to drought or natural calamities, disease to cattle or their death may cause difficulties to gramins to repay the amount.\"It added, \"Rather than coming to their rescue, banks often drive them to litigation, leading them to extreme penury. Assuming that the bank is right, but once an authority like District Consumer Forum takes a view, the bank should graciously accept it rather than going for further litigation and even to the level of the Supreme Court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "noida ", "code": "16271817", "title": "Man\u2019s body found hanging from tree in Noida Sector 39", "text": "NOIDA : A body was found hanging from a tree in Sector 39 of Noida on Wednesday morning.Police said they received the information from a man passing by the City Center Metro station.Cops said the body is of a man in his early forties. The condition of the body indicated that it had been hanging from the tree for a long time. Due to thick vegetation around the tree, the body could not be noticed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273631", "title": "Auto driver returns 2 lakh", "text": "KOLKATA: Sanjay Sau, an autorickshaw driver, doesn't remember the last time he saw Rs 2 lakh. But on Wednesday afternoon when an unknown passenger left behind the cash in the auto, Sanjay waited for the passenger to return and handed it back to him. His honesty left Kumarjit Banik, a shopowner, to tears.Sanjay plies his autorickshaw on the Bagha Jatin-Ranikuthi route everyday and This Azargarh resident is the only bread earner of his five-member family, which includes his elderly parents, brother, his wife and a schoolgoing daughter.On Wednesday, he had made the trip from Bagha Jatin to Ranikuthi when he noticed a plastic packet to the left of his driver's seat. He waited for sometime to the person who sat beside him to return.\"I may not know his name but he is fairly regular on this route. He appears to be a trader and that is why I waited for him,\" he said. But Banik had already reached Tollygunge Metro by then not realising that he has misplaced his packet.When Banik didn't return, Sanjay checked the packet's contents and found two bundles of Rs 1000 denomination and two cheque books.He then Sanjay didn't wait further and made another round-trip to Ranikuthi only to find Banik waiting. He then returned the packet.Banik said, \"Since I am a regular on this route, I hoped someone known will return the packet to me. But If Sanjay claimed that he never saw any such packet, I would have lost the money for ever.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "16275353", "title": "Theft in front of MP\u2019s house", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Thieves struck in front of MP Manish Tewari's residence when they stole a bag from a car parked there on Wednesday afternoon.Police said RS Puram resident Praveen Soi, who had reportedly gone to the MP's house for some work, parked his car on the road. He claimed that there was a bag containing some documents in the vehicle. When he returned from Tewari's house, he saw the windowpane of the rear seat broken and the bag missing. Soi informed the police control room and cops rushed to the spot.Sarabha Nagar SHO Mandeep Singh said a case had been registered on Soi's statement and they were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275321", "title": "Autopsy fails to solve Nitika\u2019s mystery death", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The mystery over death of a teenaged girl who had collapsed in her school on Tuesday prevailed even after the post-mortem examination. The police said cause of her death was not clear in the autopsy report and her viscera samples have been sent to CFSL labs for further tests.Deceased Nitika, 14, a resident of Kishangarh village, was a student of Class X at a government school in Sector 19. She had fainted on the stairs of third floor of the school building. School authorities took her to GMH-16 in a private vehicle but doctors declared her brought dead.Sector 19 police station SHO Harjit Kaur said Nitika's parents did not want to get the autopsy done but they pressed them in its favour in order to ascertain the cause of death. \"When the cause of her death did not become clear even after the autopsy, doctors sent the viscera samples to the CFSL for tests,\" she added. \"The mysterious death in the school premises is shocking. We visited the spot and spoke to deceased's class-mates and teachers as part of our probe,\" said Kaur.Nitika's parents have not filed a police complaint in this case yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "16272988", "title": "'Gurgaon wants overnight change'", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: Rich, educated and armed with information on citizens' rights, Gurgaon residents are giving the Haryana administration sleepless nights with regular complaints and litigations.The trend started right from the beginning when the administration unveiled the plan to develop Gurgaon as the Millennium City in July 2006 when around 1,800 objections were filed by various residents' bodies.According to Haryana principal secretary, town and country planning department, S S Dhillon, this is the highest number of complaints the department received against any development project so far. He said residents are very active due to their influential background and take no time in filing court cases. \"Gurgaon is inhabited by the rich and famous and well-read groups, hence they want overnight changes in the system,\" Dhillon said.\"We admit that there are certain areas where we have not been able to keep pace with the development. But, this is only due to certain technical hurdles like litigation in acquisition of land for water and sewage lines and roads and electrical infrastructure. Things are moving but people want us to do things today which we have planned for 2021,'' said Dhillon.His remarks have evoked sharp reaction from the residents welfare associations. According to residents' societies, the administration failed to heed their complaints when the draft master plan was notified in 2007.\"Litigations are reactions from residents towards non-responsive attitude of the Haryana government and departments responsible for civic amenities. Even after four years, we are not aware of the fate of objections we raised against the master plan. Where will residents go if they don't get civic amenities,\" asked Bhawani Shankar Tripathi, an office-bearer of Mission Gurgaon Development, an umbrella body of residents' associations in Gurgaon.R S Rathi, who took up the case of depleting ground water level due to excessive construction activity to court, said, \"Only those who are concerned about the city will take up such issues. In fact, these issues are only raised when government fails to perform its duty. This trend of litigations clearly shows the awareness level of residents. Government cannot escape from its responsibilities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273681", "title": "Go ahead with appointment of govt lawyers: HC to state", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Wednesday gave green signal to the state government to go ahead with the appointment of government lawyers in Allahabad and its Lucknow bench. The court also told to the state government that it had not passed any stay order on the appointments.A division bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit passed the above observations in course of hearing of a PIL, which sought cancellation of the appointments of the government lawyers made by the Samajwadi Party government after it came into power.The bench pulled up the petitioner, a local lawyer Rajkaran Singh, saying that the petition was 'bogus' and it castigated all the judges. It referred the petition to the Chief Justice for proper order, saying that if the petitioner instigated all the judges, how could the bench or any judge hear and pass order on such petition. And, therefore it is proper to refer the petition to the Chief Justice.The court however, was displeased on the pleadings of the PIL, which said that the state government had appointed the government lawyers of particular castes and many lawyers have been appointed in the high court, though they have never practiced here.As the court came to know that the state government has stalled the further appointments in both the benches due to mere pendency of the PILs, the bench clarified to the additional advocate general Bulbul Godiyal that the court has not restrained the state government. \"It is prerogative of the state government to appoint government lawyers as and when it wants,\" observed the court.According to sources the state government has prepared a list of government lawyers, but it did not issue the said list because of the pendency of the PIL. Wednesday's order has paved the way for the state government to engage more government lawyers, so that it could be represented in better and efficient manner in both the benches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272089", "title": "'Special educators must in private schools\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Disabled students enrolled in private schools received a unique gift from the Delhi high court on Teachers' Day - special educators.A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw directed all private unaided schools in the capital to hire two qualified special educators as per the mandate of the Right to Education Act (RTE).The bench made it clear that special educators are required not just in government-run or aided schools but should also in private schools as they too enroll disabled students with special needs. HC was hearing a plea by civil rights organization Social Jurist which sought to extend appointment of special educators to private schools.The court has already directed the government schools to appoint special educators for disabled children in 2009. It re-iterated the ruling earlier this year while hearing a contempt plea against the government for its failure to fill up vacancies for special educators.The PIL, filed through advocate Ashok Agarwal, highlighted that 2039 unaided private schools and 258 aided schools lack basic physical and academic infrastructure, including special educators for those suffering from blindness , hearing impairment or mental retardation. \"The failure on the part of these unaided and aided schools to have these facilities in place violates the fundamental and human right to education of the children with disabilities as guaranteed to them by the Constitution, RTE Act (2009) and UN Convention on the Rights of the Persons with Disabilities (2008),\" the PIL had argued.On its part, the state government agreed with the need to have special educators and said all the unaided private schools of Delhi are required to make provisions for special educators for children with special needs. Earlier HC had directed the action committee of unaided private schools to file affidavit explaining about their position on recruitment of special educators, availability of provisions of ramps and special toilets etc. for the children with disabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272305", "title": "Gopal Kanda, brother booked for cheque bounce case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fresh case has been registered against former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda for evading appearance in court in relation to a 14-year-old cheque bounce case. The case had been settled out of court last month.A senior police official said Kanda and his brother Govind have been booked under Section 174-A (punishment for non-appearance in response to court proclamation) on a court's direction. While directing police to register a case, the court said evasion of court summons and warrants and involvement in a cheque bounce case are two separate offences. \"The acquittal of the accused in the compoundable offence under Section 138 of Negotiable Instruments Act (cheque bounce case) does not bar investigation into the offence under Section 174-A IPC,\" said metropolitan magistrate, Vikrant Vaid.The brothers had been facing summons and warrants issued by a Delhi court since 1998 in a case related to dishonour of a Rs 4.10 lakh cheque issued by them. In May this year, the court had declared both as proclaimed offenders for not responding to its summons. The cheque bounce case was settled between the two parties on August 27 after the brothers paid Rs 4.10 lakh to the complainant. If the Kanda brothers are convicted under Section 174-A, they could get a maximum punishment of three years.Kanda had resigned as Harayna's minister of state for home after he was charged with abetting the suicide of Geetika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272122", "title": "Sachin Pilot to be commissioned as officer in Territorial Army", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sachin Pilot is following his father's footsteps, not just in politics but also in the armed forces. On Thursday, Pilot will become the first Union minister to be commissioned as a \"regular'' officer in the Territorial Army.Defence officials say the 34-year-old MP, who is minister of state for communications and information technology, is not being granted just an honorary rank -- like cricketers Sachin Tendulkar , M S Dhoni or Kapil Dev -- but has actually cleared all the required interviews, medical and physical tests.The young MP's father, the late Rajesh Pilot, was an IAF fighter pilot before he plunged into politics, while his grandfather was a non-commissioned officer in the Army.Pilot cleared the preliminary interview board, the first step towards commissioning in the Territorial Army, four months ago at Western Command at Chandimandir. He subsequently cleared the Service Selection Board and medical board at Bangalore, where the five-day selection procedure included written tests, group discussion, interview, physical fitness test and medical tests. The MP was not provided any special privileges or facilities over other candidates and had to toil for his selection, said an official.The young MP from Ajmer will be part of 124 TA (Sikh) Battalion, also known as the 'urban concept' battalion. The commissioning ceremony will be held at South Block on Thursday, where Pilot will be 'pipped' as a lieutenant by Army chief General Bikram Singh.Following the commissioning, the minister will have to go through seven months of staggered training, which will include one month of recruit training (drills and firing), three months of in-house basic military training at Deolali in Maharashtra and three months of further training at Indian Military Academy at Dehradun.As part of Territorial Army, Pilot will have to attend \"14 camp and 22 parade days'' every year. However, as Territorial Army is meant for gainfully employed people, these sessions will be held on Saturdays and Sundays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273485", "title": "Ganesh Galli organizers shrug off 'Mumbaicha Raja' defeat", "text": "MUMBAI: Organisers of Lalbaug's famous Ganesh Galli Ganeshotsav have taken the legal defeat over the use of the nomenclature 'Mumbaicha Raja' in their stride. On Tuesday, the Bombay high court had rejected their claim to debar a website from conducting a Ganpati competition using this title.\"We took exception to the fact that Kishor Sharma was using our registered name 'Mumbaicha Raja' to make financial profit by hosting this competition on his website,\" says mandal secretary Swapnil Parab. \"However, we are not disappointed with the verdict because devotees still associate the term 'Mumbaicha Raja' with the Ganpati of Ganesh Galli.\"On Tuesday, with two weeks to go for the grand entry of Mumbai's popular deity, the Bombay high court in an interim order dealt a blow to the mandal that was the original pride of Lalbaug. Justice Bhushan Gavai rejected the claim made by the mandal that the title cannot belong to Gorai resident Kishor Sharma who runs a website by the name.The mandal, in existence for eight decades, said through its counsel Virendra Tulzapurkar that it has been using the title 'Mumbaicha Raja' since 2004 for its idol. The lawyer said Sharma was licenced by the mandal to use the title which he allegedly dishonestly appropriated in 2008. Sharma, through his counsel Vinod Bhagat, said the title was being used to run a contest online to crown a mandal on a website created by him since 2008. Sharma said he did not obtain any licence since it was not required. He also pointed out that the mandal has produced no documents regarding a licence being issued by it. In 2010, the Lalbaug mandal too had participated in the online contest to select the top three mandals with the highest number of votes. In 2010, the Lalbaug mandal was declared the winner and conferred the title 'Mumbaicha Raja'. It was only then that the mandal chose to use the title, argued Bhagat.The court after going through all documents and seeing the press note issued by trustees of the Lalbaug mandal, rejected their plea for preventing Sharma from using the title. Sharma, in his late 30s, runs online contests without charging any participation fees. His aim is to spread eco-friendly messages, his lawyer had argued.The mandal, on the other hand, said it had been using the name since 2004 and had launched several initiatives, such as distributing prasad packets and also T-shirts for its volunteers with 'Mumbaicha Raja' printed on them.Not all mandals are in agreement with Ganesh Galli's stand, including those who own fancy titles themselves. Organizers of the Upanagarcha Raja in Borivli feel all mandals deserve a chance to win the annual contest. \"The contest organizers had approached us as well. I believe they invite people to submit their ratings of Ganpati mandals on the basis of organizational ability and decor among other things. If this is an ongoing event that takes place each year, then I believe various mandals should get a chance to test their mettle,\" says Milind Kolvankar, spokesperson of the Upanagarcha Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273241", "title": "President calls for use of technology in developing curriculum", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday advocated application of new technology in curriculum development for all stages of education.\"Adaptation to and application of new technology should be an integral part of curriculum development for all stages of education. New methods and teaching aids must equip the younger generations to learn more, explore more and contribute more to society,\" Mukherjee said on the occasion of National Teacher's Day.For the first time, HRD ministry gave out 20 awards to teachers for promoting information communication &amp; technology in schools. As many as 310 teachers from across the country were conferred national teacher awards at the function.Mukherjee said it was necessary to design appropriate learning experiences for students as learning processes has ceased to remain confined to classroom-based curriculum. The President said teachers should also give themselves a new orientation and evolve an enhanced institutional capacity. He said qualified and competent teachers, continuously renewing their capabilities and excellence through research, experimentation and innovation would be the nation's strength.\"We must work for long term goal of setting performance standards and creating top class institutional facilities for innovative training and professional development of teachers,\" Mukherjee said.Reiterating his speech after assuming office, Mukherjee the new motto should be: \"All for education and education for all\". President noted that a teacher's duty is to enable the pupils to construct knowledge, help them discover their talents and develop their physical and interpersonal skills, cognitive abilities and subject-matter expertise.HRD minister Kapil Sibal said education was the only way forward in bringing people together and contributing to happiness in this age of \"discord where the ugly head of violence disturbs peace\". \"Education is not about being literate and acquiring degrees. It is about facing the world. It is about bringing us together and contribution to the happiness of all. That can only be provided by the institution of teachers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "16273867", "title": "Gang of truck looters busted, two held", "text": "MOTIHARI: The police claimed to have busted a gang of truck looters by arresting two persons -- Sonu Singh and Santosh Kumar Singh -- on September 3 for hijacking a truck loaded with wheat and murder of the truck driver at Chakiya in East Champaran district.On the confessional statement of the two arrested criminals, the police recovered the body of Uday Singh , the truck driver, from NH-28 roadside at Ratanpur near Motipur in Muzaffarpur district and sent it for postmortem on Tuesday.East Champaran SP Ganesh Kumar said a small trader of foodgrains hired a truck at Motihari and loaded wheat bags and sent it to the flour mill at Muzaffarpur on August 26, but when the truck did not reach there, the grain trader lodged a case with the Muffasil police station, Motihari.Later, the truck was found abandoned near Mehasi and the police found some blood stains on the driver's seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16273292", "title": "Commissioner laments poor condition of NH-75", "text": "GARHWA: Palamu commissioner Swarnaditya Sahay has expressed grave concern over the extremely bad condition of NH-75. He said the national highway was in extremely dilapidated condition owing to plying of heavy goods carriers.Pointing out that there should be a check on heavy vehicles which pass through NH-75 without permit, Sahay said, \"No heavy vehicle should be allowed to ply on the NH-75 without a valid permit.\"Sahay also said a by-pass road was necessary in Garhwa to ease the traffic chaos. He told Garhwa DC RP Sinha to prepare the proposal for a by-pass road.Expressing strong resentment over the dirty condition of Garhwa town after seeing heaps of garbage on either side of the road, the Palamu commissioner stressed the need for public awareness against the filthiness.He said public participation can play an important role in keeping the town neat and clean. \"My priority is to improve the condition of roads in Palamu division and beautification of the town\", said the commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16274928", "title": "Villagers oppose NOC to Luhri project, petition Prem Kumar Dhumal", "text": "SHIMLA: Residents of 78 villages of Kullu, Mandi and Shimla districts, who are likely to be affected by the construction of 775 MW Luhri hydroelectric project, are up in arms against the project as they fear that construction of 38-km long twin tunnels passing underneath many villages would ruin their habitat by causing environment changes, depletion of water levels, besides developing cracks in their houses.Having refused no objection certificate (NOC) to the project, the affected people on Tuesday have submitted a memorandum to chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal on the issue.The Luhri project, spread over areas of Kullu, Mandi and Shimla districts, is facing stiff opposition from people of affected panchayats since beginning. Environment activists have expressed concern over its impact on environment as the project would have longest twin tunnels in the world, that would divert the last flowing stretch of Satluj river.Manshi Asher of Himadhar said that they have been demanding that before starting any new project on Satluj river, its load capacity should be assessed as already over 30 projects on the river have been sanctioned or are at different stages of construction.Members of Satluj Sangarsh Samiti, opposing the project, claimed that the administration, during the gram sabha meetings held recently, has exerted pressure on panchayats to issue NOC to the project. During the visit of chief minister to Karsog area on Tuesday, the affected people submitted a memorandum to him and requested that an assessment of areas likely to be affected by the twin tunnels should be carried out before granting any approval to the project.A resident of project-affected Behna panchayat of Ani tehsil of Kullu district and president of Satluj Bachao Sangarsh Samiti, Dayal Singh Verma, said that past experience about such tunnels was not good as villages located above such tunnels are witnessing changes in environment with water resources drying up, resulting in adverse impact on agriculture and horticulture production.Shyam Singh Chauhan of Sarahan panchayat said that fearing loss of natural resources after the construction of twin tunnels, people have turned against the project. \"Two months back, five panchayats -- Bindla, Parlog, Nanj, Taibban and Sarahan -- of Mandi district had forwarded an agenda to block development office requesting review of the project,\" he said.Chauhan said that adverse impact on natural resources and local fauna is inevitable as the last portion of Satluj would be diverted into the tunnels under the project. Since the implementation of Forest Rights Act 2006 in March 2012 by the state government, majority of affected gram sabhas in Kullu and Mandi districts have decided to oppose the project, he added.Himanshu Thakkar from Delhi-based South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers and People, said that the environment and social impact report of Luhri project has not been submitted to World Bank so far nor the latter has decided to extend monetary assistance to the project. \"As per Indian laws, the project has yet to get environment and forest clearances. As such, how can the administration and project authorities ask for NOC,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273683", "title": "White knights vroom in to chase out crime", "text": "KOLKATA: When Gotham City is in trouble, the dark knight rises. In these troubled times for Kolkata, stalked by an alarming rise in the crime graph, enter the white knights.A new breed of crime fighters - riding snazzy, 160cc high-powered bikes fitted with hooters and armed with service revolvers and wireless sets - is patrolling the streets of the city and its suburbs every night, taking the police into alleys and lanes so far out of its grasp and sending a reassuring signal to Kolkatans rattled by a higher incidence of burglaries, rapes and violence.The squad, christened City Watch, has 187 bikes and is headed by a nodal officer of the rank of sub-inspector in each division. At 10pm, they fan out across areas in the jurisdiction of Kolkata Police, patrolling in teams of three, five or more till 4am. Each bike has a cop riding pillion. City Watch was flagged off by commissioner R K Pachnanda on July 25. The police brass claims the nocturnal crime rate has nose-dived since. A cop, who rides out on City Watch patrols but asked not to be named, said they had recently foiled an attempted burglary on AJC Bose Road. \"We grew suspicious when a cabbie caught sight of us and tried to speed away, jumping signals,\" he said. \"We chased it down easily and stopped it. Inside was a group of robbers armed with daggers and firearms. They were on a recce for an easy target.\"The city police chief wants to increase the strength of the bike patrol in the added areas, where police stations have bigger areas under their jurisdiction. \"Apart from controlling crime, the other purpose of the bike patrol is to infuse confidence in the mind of the Kolkatan. We will be happy if the common man feels assured by the police presence,\" Pachnanda told TOI.When the New York Police Department's motorcycle squad began zipping across the streets of the Big Apple over a century ago, it didn't just change the way the city was policed but also became an integral part of life in America's most well-known city. Kolkata Police hopes City Watch will prove as effective and earn the trust of the city as a friend it can bank on in distress.The city is already warming to its white knights. This TOI correspondent trailed a City Watch patrol from 10pm to around 2am, starting at Esplanade and ending at Golf Green. Poulami Roy, a young executive who works night shifts, was excited to see the cops riding alongside her company car as it slowed down to drop a colleague near Rabindra Sadan. \"Just the sight of the cops makes one feel secure at this hour.\" Well past 1am, on a stretch where a woman was abducted by a cabbie and raped a couple of months ago, the presence of a police patrol was indeed a reassuring sight.Along Colootolla Street, where a game of road rash is often played after midnight with several reports of bikers knocking down passers-by, damaging vehicles and spreading fear, the City Watch patrol apprehended several of the bikers. Most had no licenses or legal papers for their bikes. More such crackdowns were on the anvil, one of the cops said.Senior officers admitted a couple of rapes in moving cars had rattled the force and jolted it into action. The result was City Watch, even though it's rather late in the day for a metropolis like Kolkata. Delhi Police has had a chase and challan motorcycle squad for several years now. In Mumbai, the beat marshals are the police's eyes and ears on bikes.\"We can now reach spots where radio-flying squad vehicles cannot,\" said Debal Das, a sub-inspector of Park Street police station. \"The miscreants know we are here to act,\" said Jiban Dutta, sub-inspector at Muchipara police station.But City Watch may run into a manpower hurdle. Kolkata Police deputes patrol teams from its existing force as no new recruitment has been made for City Watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16271534", "title": "2 Assam Rifles jawans hurt in Imphal blast", "text": "IMPHAL: Two Assam Rifles jawans were hurt when an improvised explosive device exploded near a community hall at Keishampat in the heart of Imphal at around 8.45 am on Wednesday. The place of the blast is about 100 metres away from the Imphal Raj Bhawan.Police said the Assam Rifles jawans were patrolling the area when the IED fitted in a scooter exploded. Seconds after the bomb went off, people in the crowded area ran helter-skelter. There was chaos in the area for a few minutes.The injured AR jawans were identified as havildar Rajinder Singh from Uttarkhand and Rifleman Bijender Singh from Himachal Pradesh. They were immediately rushed to the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (Rims) hospital here. While confirming the casualty , Assam Rifles officials here told TOI that the two jawans suffered minor splinter injuries and are out of danger.The blast also damaged some vehicles, including cars parked around the area. Police found the wrecked scooter, in which the bomb is believed to have been fitted. Police suspect that the blasts were triggered using a remote control. The scooter has been sent for forensic tests.The two injured jawans belong to the 28th battalion of AR and are posted at Chinga hillock in Singjamei area of Imphal.Though the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act has been lifted from Imphal municipal, the AR troops, however, continue to patrol and keep vigil in strategic areas of the city. Condemning the blast, a large number of local women staged a protest demonstration at Keishampat community hall. They urged the perpetrators not to trigger such explosions in crowded places.The incident came barely a few days after a powerful IED, believed to have been placed by rebels, exploded at Nongpok Keithelmanbi in Thoubal district killing a 22-year old boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16275092", "title": "HC annuls land acquisition for 4 power plants in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: The Chhattisgarh government suffered a major blow on the industrialization front as the state's high court at Bilaspur annulled the acquisition of farmland for four power companies proposed in the Raigarh and Champa-Janjgir districts.Talking to IANS Wednesday, lawyer for the affected farmers Sanjay Kumar said: \"The Chhattisgarh High Court on Tuesday annulled the acquisition of thousands of acres of fertile land in the Raigarh and Champa-Janjgir districts which had been forcibly taken from farmers for four power plants proposed to be set up in the two districts. Terming the state government's act as arbitrary, the high court also slapped a fine of Rs.5,000 in each case which will be given to the petitioners as case expenditure.\"The single bench of Justice Prashant Mishra, in its order delivered Tuesday, said acquisition of farmers\" fertile land by the state government for private sector power companies is by no means an act in favour of public welfare. Besides, land acquisition rules have also not been followed during the acquisition process, the court observed.Notably, four power companies - SKS Ispat &amp; Power Ltd Raipur, VISA Power, KSK Mahanadi and Moser Baer - have proposed to set up their power plants in Raigarh and Champa-Janjgir districts, 200 km north of state capital Raipur. The state government, which had promised land to power companies, acquired thousands of acres of land in the two districts at very nominal prices and also did not follow land acquisition rules. Officials involved in this task allegedly tampered with land records also.Challenging the acquisition of their land, 56 farmers of Siladehi village and six of Birra village under Champa-Janjgir district and 40 farmers of Vijkot village, six each of Dumarpali and Devri Villages and two of Latia village of Raigarh district had filed cases in the Chhattisgarh High Court on which, the final hearing was being held for the last one-and-half months.The farmers, in their complaint, had accused the state government of acting like an agent of these power companies and also cited Supreme Court decisions which termed the acquisition of fertile land for industrialisation as illegal. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273656", "title": "Visva-Bharati to offer music with science next year", "text": "KOLKATA: For nearly a century, Visva-Bharati (V-B) has been known for its focus on humanities with a curriculum that includes music, painting and drama. Now, the university wants to evolve on the lines of Harvard and Princeton where undergraduate students have the flexibility to opt for courses in basic science along with music and art and introduce music along with MSc next year.Speaking to TOI on the sidelines of Frontiers of Science, a high-profile interdisciplinary scientific meet with participants from CERN in Switzerland, FAIR in Germany, Bose Institute and Indian Institute of Chemical Biology, Visva-Bharati vice-chancellor Sushanta Dattagupta said the university was keen to roll out the new curriculum in the next academic year.A doctorate in Physics from Brookhaven National Laboratory in the US,he has held positions in Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research in KalpakkamDattagupta taught at several science institutes School of Physical Science at Jawaharlal Nehru University, SN Bose National Centre for Basic Sciences, Indian Institute of Science Education and Research-Kolkata, Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science and Indian Institute of Technology-Kharagpur before taking up the VC's job at V-B.Though Dattagupta's predecessor Rajat Kanta Roy had started a five-year integrated master's programme at V-B, it is the former who is now set to combine science with humanities and culture as recommended by former rector Gopalkrishna Gandhi.\"In the years ahead, V-B's students will be in the forefront of science and technology as much as it currently is in humanities and art. That was Tagore's vision as well. He was not just a poet, writer and dramatist. He was a man of science too,\" said Dattagupta, pointing to how Rabindranath had embraced science in his later years.In 1937, at the ripe old age of 76, Tagore wrote Visva-Parichay, a book on science in which he emphasizes on the need to introduce science to a child to widen his/her outlook on the subject.\"The book didn't happen out of a sudden manifestation of scientific temperament. From his very childhood, Tagore was brought up in an atmosphere of scientific knowledge and enquiry. He had an intuitive understanding of science,\" the V-C said, referring to how Tagore and Einstein had discussed quantum mechanics during their meeting in Berlin in 1930.Tagore had also appointed Prasanta Mahalanobis as the first secretary of V-B and sent son Rathindranath to University of Illinois Urbana Champaign. In 1920, Tagore invited agricultural scientist Leonard Elmhurst from Cornell University in the US to develop Santiniketan. He realized that correlation between science and agriculture and wanted it to be made accessible to farmers.\"Today, there are huge debates on genetic modification of food crop, environment and climate change. Yet, Tagore had expressed concern over these very issues nearly a century ago. By renewing its focus on science, V-B will once again be a hub of scientific thought,\" said Dattagupta.Of Rs 150 crore that V-B has received from the Prime Minister, much will be spent on resurrecting Einstein Bhavan, a concept that has been lying dormant for 20 years. The institute will be set up at the 100-acre Mouldanga campus in Sriniketan. At Einstein Bhavan, there will be visitors' programme and lectures on foundation and philosophy of science, quantum mechanics and Vedanta.A Tagore museum of natural history will also be set up to showcase evolution and ecology of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278284", "title": "Ravi Kishan to do a Marathi film", "text": "It seems Ravi Kishan has taken the onus upon himself to bridge the gap between Marathi and Bhojpuri film industry. Ravi Kishan has started shooting for a Marathi movie and with this he wants to convey the message that there are no cultural boundaries between the people of Bihar and the people of Maharshtra.Ravi Kishan said that although he had signed the movie earlier he had given dates for September because of his tight schedule. This is the first time that a Bhojpuri superstar has agreed to do a Marathi film. As per Harry Fernandes the director of the movie, Ravi Kishan is fluent in Marathi and no one suited the role better than him.We wish Ravi Kishan the best for his new endeavour.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16274756", "title": "SC-STs fail to break caste ceiling", "text": "How are members of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes faring in the government hierarchy? At the very top level of the government bureaucracy, out of a total of 149 secretary-level officers, there were no SC officers while there were only 4 ST officers, as of March 2011, according to a reply given by the MoS in the Prime Minister's Office V Narayanasamy.At the next rung of additional secretary, out of 108 officers, there are just two each from SC and ST. Further down, out of 477 joint secretaries, 31 belong to SC, that is, 6.5% and 15 belong to ST that is 3.1%. And out of 590 directors, 17 belong to SC (2.9%) while seven belong to ST (1.2%).There is no reservation for these posts but one would expect that out of the pool of officers from SC and ST entering the civil services through quota \u2014 15% for SC, 7.5% for ST and 27% for OBC \u2014 a better proportion would have made it to these top rungs by now.Actually, even in the most sought after civil services, IAS, IPS and IFS, the proportion of SC, ST and OBC officers was below the mandated quotas. Out of 3,251 directly recruited IAS officers, SC officers made up 13.9%, ST officers 7.3% and OBCs just 12.9%. This information, too, was stated in the Lok Sabha by Narayanasamy in 2011. Clearly, the underprivileged sections are not yet getting the full advantage of affirmative action envisaged by the Constitution makers. This is further confirmed by the huge number of vacancies in government positions reserved for SCs and STs.According to a statement given in the LS in November last year by Narayanasamy, there were 25,037 'backlog' posts for SC lying vacant in 73 government departments and bodies. These are positions reserved for SC members that have not been filled over the years and thus have accumulated. They include both direct recruitment and promotion-based positions. Out of these, 4,518 positions were vacant because no candidate was available for promotion. Similarly for ST, 28,173 'backlog' posts were vacant, of which 7,416 were meant for filling up by promotion.If you look at all central government employees, 17% of them were SC while 7.4% were ST. This appears to be fulfilling the mandated norms of 15% SC and 7.5% ST. But there is a catch. There is a deep skew of SC/ST members in the hierarchy of central government jobs \u2014 as you move up the ladder, there are less and less employees/officers from SC/ST. Among Group A officers, only 11.1% were SC and 4.6% ST. In Group B, the shares were 14.3% and 5.5%, respectively. In group C, there were 16% SC and 7.8% ST, slightly more than the quota. And in Group D, there were 19.3% SC and 7% ST.This high proportion of SC in Group D is because nearly 40% of \"safai karamcharies\" are SC. This pushes up the proportions all round. Actually it only denotes the harsh reality that despite all the talk of ending discrimination and socio-economic upliftment, dalits are still forced to do most menial jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16275141", "title": "41 women undergo surgery in breast cancer screening programme", "text": "INDORE: In a recently organized breast cancer screening programme in 64 blocks of six districts in the state, 41 women underwent surgery at the Madhav Nagar Government hospital in Ujjain. The programme was organized through the activation of primary health care delivery system. Indore Cancer Foundation (ICF) conducted the programme in Ujjain division.Of the 41 women, 21 women underwent radical breast operations after histology cal confirmation at the district hospital. Barring one, all patients are recovering in the hospital. Doctors, nurses, paramedical staff and volunteers actively participated in the programme.\"In a survey carried out in 64 blocks of the six districts, 1,932 women were referred to block level for the second filter of screening. The doctors in these blocks, covering a population of 1.07 crore with an estimated 50% female population, reduced the number of suspected breast cancer patients to 625 and referred the patients to their respective district hospitals,\" said Dr Digpal Dharkar, secretary ICF.Chief minister visited the surgical patients at the government hospital at Ujjain. He also met the 14-member team of the Indore Cancer Foundation and appreciated the partnering of NGO with the state government to carry out the initiative.Dr Digpal Dharkar presented a report of the programme to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Tuesday, chief secretary R Parsuram and secretaries of the health department at Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16272957", "title": "Minor raped, forced into prostitution", "text": "JAIPUR: A 15-year-old girl was raped and allegedly forced into prostitution by five persons after threatening to make her obscene photos and videos public. A case of rape and kidnap was lodged against the five accused including a couple and two wardens of a girls' hostel.A couple, Niranjan and Jyoti Chauhan, was living in a rented accommodation at the house of one Banwari Lal at Model Town, Agra Road. They became friendly with the victim's father Prem Prakash Sharma, who was residing in the neighbourhood, police said.Later, the couple and Banwari Lal allegedly took obscene photos and made objectionable videos of the girl and compelled her to file a case of molestation against her father, said a police officer.\"On July 19, 2012, the father got a call from the warden of Shakti Stambh, Mahila Alpawas Grah, Janata Colony, stating that he should give away the custody of his daughter since she had charged him of molestation. Sharma then took his daughter to the reform centre. Later, the hostel authorities informed him that the girl had escaped,\" the officer said quoting the FIR.Following this, Sharma lodged a missing report of his daughter. \"On August 12, the father was informed by the Mahila police station, Gandhi Nagar, that his daughter had been found. When the girl met her father, she told him that she had been forced into prostitution by Banwari Lal, Jyoti Chauhan and Niranjan Chauhan, who threatened to make her videos and pictures public if she did not cooperate with them,\" the officer added.Late on Tuesday, the victim and her father lodged a case against five persons.A case under Section 363 A (kidnapping a minor for begging), 366 A (procreation of minor girl), 372 A (selling a minor girl for purpose of prostitution) 120 B (criminal conspiracy) and Section 376 (rape) of IPC was registered against the accused.However, the police said the role of the girl is also suspicious since earlier she had lodged a case of molestation against her father.\"The case needs thorough investigation to ascertain the claims made by the girl as there is more to the case than is being stated by the victim and her father,\" said Rajendra Singh, circle inspector, Adarsh Nagar.EomJaipur: A 15-year girl was allegedly thrown into prostitution and was raped in pretext of making her obscene videos and pictures public by a couple and three others. The girl was recovered by the police and a case of rape and kidnapping was lodged against five persons including a couple and two wardens of girl's hostel..A couple identified as Niranjan Chauhan and Jyoti Chauhan was living a rented accommodation at the house of one Banwari Lal at Model Town Agra road in the year 2011. Gradually they got acquainted with the victim's father Prem Prakash Sharma who was residing in neighbourhood, police said.Later, the accused couple and Banwari Lal allegedly recorded the obscene videos of the girl and pictures and compelled the girl to tell that she was not comfortable while staying with her father, an officer with Adarsh Nagar police said on Wednesday.\"On July,19, 2012 the father got a call from warden of Shakti Stambh, Mahilla Alapwas Grah, Janta colony stating that he should give the custody of his daughter since she had charged the father of molestation. Sharma (father) brought his daughter to the reform centre. Later, the authorities of the hostel were informed that the girl escaped,\" the officer said with quoting the FIR.Later, the father lodged a case of missing of the girl at the police station. \"On August, 12 the father was informed by the Mahila police station, Gandhi Nagar that his daughter was recovered. And when the girl met the father she told that she was put into prostitution as the accused Banwari Lal, Jyoti Chauhan and Niranjan Chauhan threatened her that if she will not cooperate her videos and pictures would be made public,\" the officer added.On late Tuesday night the victim along with her father lodged a case against five persons including the couple, and two women wardens of the centre.Police said that a case under section 363 A(Kidnapping a minor for purpose of begging), 366-A(Procreation of minor girl), 372-A(selling a minor girl for purpose of prostitution) 120-B(criminal conspiracy) and section 376(rape )of IPC was registered against the accused.However police said that the role of the girl is also a bit suspicious as earlier she had also lodged a case of molestation against her father, as well.\"This case needs a thorough investigations to ascertain the claims made by the girl as there is much more in it that been stated by the victim and her father,\" said Rajendra Singh, CI, Aadarsh Nagar police station said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277870", "title": "The importance of being Kareena Kapoor", "text": "Who but Kareena Kapoor can call herself a superstar without sounding pompous? Even Rajesh Khanna couldn't get away with that one.Kareena dazzles you with her enterprising spirit. From the sassy streetwalker in Sudhir Mishra's Chameli to the Muslim riot victim in Govind Nihlani's Dev , to the sassy Punjabi kudi in Imtiaz Ali's Jab We Met and now the on-the-edge actress in Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine .....it's been a truly maddening and turbulent career for Bollywood's most pricey actress.I've known Kareena better than almost anyone else...But then, I don't think anyone can really 'know' Kareena fully. Certainly not Kareena herself.Her attitude to life and career always swings between I-don't-care and I-live-and-die-for-what-I-believe-in. There's never a middle path, never a chance of finding a balance between those two extremes.Daughter of caprice and the wizard of whimsy, Kareena goes completely by what her heart tells her. In the process if she ends up looking somewhat contradictory in her conduct, then so be it. Kareena doesn't care. She lives for the moment and crams all her intensity into it, not sparing a single thought for what's gone and what's waiting around the corner.I think I was the first journalist Kareena ever spoke to. Right after the release of her first film Refugee. I remember running into this spunky naturally beautiful girl, who told me she always wants to be simple and Indian in movies, like she was in Refugee.The impact that Kareena made in her debut film remains unequalled by anything any other newcomers including Dimple Kapadia in Bobby or Karisma Kapoor in Prem Qaidi, made.During a private conversation, the icon Amitabh Bachchan himself had called her \"ethereal\". She had laughed nervously. \"That's what I want to be. I've watched the films of Meena Kumari and Madhubala and those are my role-models....I feel very awkward doing the things that today's heroines are required to...\"She had just begin shooting for her second film Ajnabee where she was required to be sensuous. And Kareena was dying a thousand deaths. \"I can't do all this!\" she grumbled throughout the making of the film.Barely a year after Refugee she was transformed into a captivating centre-spread queen in Satish Kaushik's Mujhe Kucch Kehna Hai and later Karan Johar's Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham.The makeover from the simple salwar-kameez-clad girl in Refugee to the pouty seductress 'Poo' in K3G was startling...and complete. Kareena's priorities had transformed completely. \"I realize I can't be paid what I am for being draped from head to toe. I've to be glamorous and seductive. That's what being a saleable heroine of today is all about, \" she confided me.So it was, goodbye Meena Kumari, hello Britney Spears and Lady Gaga...And never mind if Spears erupted much after 'Poo'.During the making of K3G, it was clear to all who the queen on the sets was. Not Kajol, not even the Bachchans...it was Kareena who was pampered silly by the Johars. It was as though everyone saw she was the superstar in the making. Somehow the commercial success never really happened. But it didn't stop her rapid climb to being a youth icon.\"I must be the only actress in the world whose brand equity increases every time I give a flop,\" she laughs with that don't-care-a-damn toss of her hair which makes her such a favourite among the generation that believes in self regard being the highest form of creativity.Somewhere down the line her headstrong attitude cost her dearly. She lost big banner films like Karan Johar . She said no to the offer to do Kal Ho Na Ho because, according to her, she was being offered peanuts. She also said no to Deepa Mehta and Rituparno Ghosh's offer to do Water and Raincoat after saying yes.\"Right now it isn't time for me to do too many of these offbeat films. I did Chameli, and that's enough,\" she said with a toss of her stubborn head. I immediately recalled her response to Deepa Mehta's Water when it came to her right after Refugee. She was shooting for Subhash Ghai's Yaadein in Rajasthan when the script arrived. \"I can't do this,\" she mock-quivered. \"Shabana Azmi would chew me alive.\"Of course she wasn't bothered by Shabana's performance. From the start, Kareena is the most confident and arrogant performer in Bollywood. Even for the most complicated scene she needs no rehearsal. Joking and giggling till the last second she switches on her instinctive powerhouse performing abilities like a water-tap.And so it flows.... Kareena is today on the threshold of another beginning. Fida where she co-stars with her then boyfriend Shahid Kapoor is a momentous turn for her and nor just because she plays a negative character for the first time. Right now, Kareena is a girl completely consumed by love. Her other friends and well-wishers (yours truly included) have ceased to matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278266", "title": "Association of Indian Management Schools confers National Fellowship Award", "text": "In view of his exemplary contribution to the field of management education, Fr E Abraham SJ, director of XLRI, was awarded the prestigious Ravi J Mathai National Fellowship Award by the Association of Indian Management Schools. The award that was instituted in the memory of Ravi J Mathai, the first director of IIM Ahmedabad, was awarded to Fr Abraham at the AIMS National Convention 2012 held in Hyderabad on August 27.An elated Fr Abraham said, \"I feel honoured to receive the prestigious Ravi J Mathai National Fellowship Award. I dedicate this award to all the board members, faculty, staff and students of XLRI Jamshedpur and XIM Bhubaneswar where I spent my last 30 years. I also dedicate this award to the Jesuit society which has nourished, supported and contributed to my growth.\"Praising the efforts of Ravi J Mathai, he further added \"Ravi J Mathai is a role model for all of us. He was a superb man-manager with the gift of drawing out the best in people.\"Fr Abraham has made great contributions towards shaping the young minds by giving a new edge to management studies. His efforts as the director of XLRI are commendable. Fr Abraham has played an important role in collaborative ventures with universities abroad. In his second tenure as director from January 2008, XLRI has had received several distinguished laurels. Today, XLRI is a 'management school with a difference' owing to his full support and involvement with endeavours that encompass corporate social responsibility activities alongside imparting world-class management education. Fr Abraham continues to set higher goals for the institute, aiming to transform XLRI as a 'global management school' that strives to shape responsible leaders for a sustainable future.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273130", "title": "Cement unit next to Malad society irks HCBMC", "text": "Mumbai: Bombay High Court on Wednesday rapped Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation for permitting a ready-mix cement plant to operate next to a residential complex in Malad (East). The court also issued notice to Maharashtra Pollution Control Board which has granted it permission to operate for ten years.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar were hearing a public interest litigation filed by Valentine Apartment- 1 Cooperative Housing Society at Pimplipada which has 117 flats and is part of a housing complex of 500 flats. Their petition said plant is operated by Roman Tarmat Limited through an agreement with Binani Ready Mix Concrete Limited entered on July 14, 2011.The Society's advocate Akshay Patil argued on that despite BMC acknowledging that the plant is illegal, it has taken no steps to shut it down. It is also in a no development zone which forbids any activity including allowing a hazardous industry. All they have to do is to issue stop-work order,'' said Patil. How can it be allowed to continue?'' Justice Shah asked BMC advocate Sharmila Modle. She replied that action was taken against the factory under Section 390 of the BMC Act which prescribes that no factory can be set up without the permission of the municipal commissioner. The judges then asked if BMC has indeed taken action, how could the factory continue its operations in violation.The petition said since the plant commenced operations, it is operating from early in the morning to late at night. The residents in March 2011 had complained about the pollution and nuisance to BMC but no action was taken. After various oral complaints, on April 26, 2011 they filed a complaint with the Dindoshi police station. After a lull of few days, the plant resumed its night operations. In July 2011 additional structures were put up and the capacity of the plant was expanded.The petition said Maharashtra Pollution Control Board in August 2005 granted the plant permission for ten years to operate till 2015 and urged the court to stay it pending hearing and disposal of the PIL. Since MPCB was not represented, the judges directed issue of notice to it. The have also directed BMC to file an affidavit stating what action it has taken against the plant. The matter is adjourned to September 27, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "serampore", "code": "16273705", "title": "Homemaker murdered in Hooghly", "text": "Serampore: A housewife, aged around 50, was murdered in her flat at a housing complex near railway gate No. 4 in Serampore on Wednesday. Police suspect Rukmini Devi Singh, the victim, was murdered for gain, but are not ruling out personal enmity.Around 1pm, people in the locality and railway commuters spotted three youths in their 20s flee from the area after making an exit from apartment building No.10 in the housing complex. This created a flutter in the area. Soon, people in the neighbourhood saw the doors of the deceased's flat No. 300 open. Rukmini Devi's friend and neighbour Bina Kar entered the flat. They saw the victim lying in a pool of blood and the rooms were ransacked. with almirahs open.Rukmini's husband R P Singh is headmaster in a Bandel school, while the couple's only son Vinith studies engineering in Kolkata. When police arrived, the residents gheraoed them and demanded security arrangements in the apartment. police patrolling in and around the building. said there used to be patrolling in and around their buildings but that had been stopped long time ago. \"We are very insecure,\" a resident told police. Though a visit to the complex revealed that security there was far from tight, police contend that there was no such incident in the past.Police said the miscreants had first stabbed the deceased and then hit her on the back of the head with a blunt object. victim was hit then entered Rukmini's flat and found the victim bleeding from the back of her head and stabbed in different parts of her body. Police said the youth hit the woman behind her head with a blunt object and then stabbed with a dagger.Serampore SDPO Raj Narayan Mukherjee said: \"We suspect dacoity is the motive behind the murder. But we are not ruling out other possible motives like personal enmity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274720", "title": "Bhutan PM set to land in Odisha today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bhutan Prime Minister Lyonchhen Jigmi Y Thinley is scheduled to attend the general body meeting of Maha Bodhi Society of India at its Odisha centre in the city on Saturday. Thinley would reach Bhubaneswar on Thursday as part of his four-day trip to Odisha.Sources said members of the Maha Bodhi Society of India from several Buddhist countries would flock to the Odisha capital for the 115th general body meeting. On the same day, the Bhutan PM along with Puri Gajapati Dibyasingha Deb will unveil a metal statue of Guru Padmasambhav, also revered as the second Buddha, at the Buddha temple on the campus of Maha Bodhi Society. Sources said the 6-ft high statue of Guru Padmasambhav has been brought from Nepal by road.\"We are eagerly waiting to welcome the Bhutan PM, who is coming for the first time to our centre. All arrangements have been made for the reception ceremony,\" said secretary of Maha Bodhi Society (Odisha centre) S K Mohapatra.Some Bhutanese officials will also accompany Thinley during his Odisha visit. During his stay, Thinley would visit KIIT and KISS institutes here. Dr Achyuta Samanta, founder of KIIT and KISS, had invited Thinley to visit his institutes during his meeting with the Prime Minister last month, according to a release. Thinley would receive the prestigious 5th KISS Humanitarian Award 2012 at KISS campus on September 8. He will grace the 8th convocation of KIIT University as the chief guest the next day and receive the Degree of D.Litt. (Honoris Causa) on the occasion. The Bhutanese PM's programme at KIIT and KISS would include special interactive sessions with tribal students.Thinley is scheduled to meet Odisha Governor M C Bhandare and Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272631", "title": "Bus operators object to 5 rules in school bus policy", "text": "PUNE: School bus operators say they are not against the installation of speed governors in school buses, but say they have other problems with the school bus policy, which the government needs to take serious note of and review.On Tuesday the Bombay High Court had told school bus operators to fall in line and see to it that the school bus policy is followed to make travel to and from school safe for children.One of the issues raised by the bus operators is the inclusion of a female attendant on a school bus. Former member of the Regional Transport Authority Baba Shinde says that as per the school bus policy, all buses in which girls are travelling need to have a female attendant. \"The situation at present is such that no school administration is willing to bear the expense of the salaries of the female attendants. The bus operator cannot bear this additional expenditure,\" he said.Shinde, who represents transport operators, says another clause in the policy speaks of installation of cross bar grills on the windows. \"The government wants the gap between the grills to be 5 cm. We have said the gap should be 5 in. Keeping a gap of just 5 cm will be like a jail,\" he said.Another issue raised by the bus transporters is about the need for two fire extinguishers of ISI mark - one in the driver's cabin and the second at the rear of the bus. Transport operators say they are ready to install fire extinguishers but, instead of 5 kg units, they will install 2 kg extinguishers.Shinde said the bus transporters have also demanded changes in the condition that the lowest step of the bus be at a height of not more than 220 mm from the ground. \"It is not possible to have the step at such a low height because of speedbreakers. Speedbreakers are not of uniform design in the city. At some places, the height of the speedbreaker is high and this will damage the step,\" he said.Shinde also said that while bus operators were not against installing speed governors, the two different speed limits prescribed for buses moving within city limits and outside city limits was rather confusing. \"There are many buses which come from the fringe areas to the city. Who is going to implement this rule and monitor it,\" he asked. He said that speed governors may be necessary for the safety of school buses, but they were not necessary for long distance private tourist buses. \"Today, we are building four to six-lane mega highways and restricting the speed limit of tourist buses to 65 kmph. The compulsion of speed governors is only in private vehicles. Government-owned state transport buses have been left out. These are the issues which the government needs to consider,\" Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277731", "title": "Kim Kardashian suffers wardrobe malfunction", "text": "Kim Kardashian nearly gave shoppers an eyeful of her cleavage after she suffered a wardrobe malfunction during a shopping spree with her beau Kanye West in New York .The 31-year-old reality star wore a sleeveless suit dress, which showed off her ample cleavage in a plunging neckline, however, it may have been a little too revealing as the button holding the dress together popped open.Kim quickly fixed the button to spare her blushes as she browsed posh shops in Soho, the Sun reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16273999", "title": "Coimbatore boy returns home a successful businessman", "text": "COIMBATORE: City boy Bobby Balachandran returns home a successful entrepreneur to encourage youth to embark on business ventures as he firmly believes that it will do wonders for India's economic growth. He was in the city to talk to students of SNR and Sons College on entrepreneurship opportunities.The CEO of Exterro, a software firm based in the US, Bobby came from a humble background. His father B P Balachandran was a mid-level employee in the highways department. Belonging to a farming family, he worked hard to come up in life, landing a respectable government job that allowed him to provide quality education for his son.Graduating with a computer science degree from the Government College of Technology, Bobby won a scholarship to study at the Oregon State University for his masters. A brilliant student he easily managed to get a job at a leading firm. After a few years, became a consultant.Starting a business was just natural progression. Bobby realized that firms were spending a substantial portion of their time and resources in fighting legal cases. What they needed was software that would facilitate consolidation of their legal documents, so that data is readily available as and when required. It was no surprise when the software he created to fulfill this need became an instant success. \"The secret to success lies in identifying a unique business need where there are no players in the market,\" he said. Bobby has offices in six locations in the US and one in Coimbatore. Most of his clients are in the Fortune 500 List.Today's youngsters have many more opportunities when compared to when he was growing up. \"In my days, many of us could not pursue higher studies without a scholarship. This is not the case today. If they are willing to take some risk, young people can easily become entrepreneurs in this day and age,\" said Bobby.Bobby is always on the lookout for young talent. Identifying such talent during his many visits to colleges, he offers students an internship in his firm. And if they have an aptitude for business, he is ever ready to help them out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274729", "title": "Priest murder plotters elude Puri police", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The two co-conspirators in the August 22 murder of BJD councillor and Jagannath temple servitor Talachhu Bhagaban Mohapatra are still at large though they have been identified by police. Six persons, including the main accused, have been arrested so far. The issue assumes significance with SP (Khurda) Dayanidhi Gochhayat taking additional charge of Puri district after its SP Anup Kumar Sahoo left for Mysore on a three-month-long training on Sunday. The timing of Sahoo's departure for such a long time has triggered suspicion about possible lapses in investigation, as talks were doing the rounds that some influential politicians and local land mafia were trying to shield the accused.Both the deceased and arrested 'conspirator' Krushna Chandra Pratihari (also a servitor) were BJD activists. Police said Mohapatra had reportedly developed hostility with Pratihari and some party bigwigs over land. \"Land dispute was one of the prime reasons for the murder. Apart from Pratihari, we suspect the involvement of one or two more conspirators,\" Sahoo had earlier told the media. Meanwhile, Pratihari, whom police had taken on four-day remand, was sent back to judicial custody on Tuesday. Earlier, police interrogated two main accused Sarbeswar Apat and his aide Tilu Subudhi, whose remand ended on Monday. However, police is tightlipped about findings of the interrogation. \"Our investigation is on. We might seek their remand again,\" Puri SP (in-charge) Gochhayat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273780", "title": "Trouble in store for more cops, politicians", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The supplementary chargesheet that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is likely to file soon in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh case could spell trouble for some more cops of Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh and politicians of Rajasthan.The chargesheet is also expected to clear the mystery about the murder of Kauserbi. \"After the legal procedure of the Tulsiram chargesheet is completed, we shall file the supplementary chargesheet in Sohrabuddin case,\" said a CBI official.On November 22, 2005, Sohrabuddin, his wife Kauserbi and another gangster Tulsiram Prajapati were abducted from Sangli near Hyderabad. The Gujarat police had been provided logistical support by the Andhra Pradesh police for this. Not just that Andhra Pradesh police had also escorted the trio to Gujarat, along with state police officials.These factors were missing from the first chargesheet filed by CBI in this case. Now, CBI officials say that they have already probed into various facets of the conspiracy to kill Sohrabuddin including issues like: who had directed the AP police to support the Gujarat police. Two senior police officials of AP police have also been questioned in this regard at Gandhinagar. They too are part of the conspiracy and murder.The supplementary chargesheet is expected to address these issues in detail along with factors like how the conspiracy behind Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram links Rajasthan police officers and politicians. CBI has already questioned the then home minister of Rajasthan Gulab Chand Kataria.Who killed Kauserbi and how will also figure in the supplementary chargesheet. The chargesheet will also throw light on exactly how Tulsiram was taken from Ahmedabad to Banaskantha before being gunned down in a fake encounter.Chudasama not named in Tulsi caseOne of the prime accused in the Sohrabuddin case, arrested IPS officer Abhay Chudasama does not figure in the list of accused in the chargesheet for Tulsiram case, though the CBI has asserted in various courts that the two encounters are part of the same conspiracy. CBI sources, however, said: \"In the supplementary chargesheet we shall produce some more evidences in this regard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278392", "title": "TOEFL organises development workshops across the country", "text": "Marking the occasion of Teacher's day this year, industry renowned TOEFL Programme, takes services to the masters themselves. As one of the most widely accepted English-language assessment across world, the TOEFL programme will now be offering a series of free development workshops for the English language teachers. Organised by ETS, administrators of TOEFL, the workshops are a day long and will be conducted in Hyderabad and Mumbai. \"Our focus is on helping instructors understand the skills that students need to develop so they can successfully communicate in English-speaking academic settings, such as those located in Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom , the United States, and, increasingly , in other non-English speaking countries where English is used as a medium of instruction,\" explains Pamela Treves, director, strategic marketing, ETS.Aptly dubbed as 'Propell workshops' the programme has been designed specifically for English-language instructors. Treves elaborates, \"The workshops offer hands-on, innovative strategies to familiarise teachers with the TOEFL iBT test and strategies to build an engaging curriculum so that they in turn can help their students develop the needed skills.\"The programme itinerary will include an overview of the TOEFL iBT test, a detailed review of scoring guidelines for the writing and speaking sections of the test, practice in scoring sample test-taker and discussions on practical applications to guide classroom instruction. Led by an ETS-approved trainer, the workshops provide educators a platform to discuss successes and challenges in advancing English-language skills for students. Also, teachers will receive a Propell workshop kit that will guide them through stimulating sessions on teaching techniques and activities.Scheduled for September 7 and 8 in Hyderabad at the Hotel Taj Tristar and on October 6 in Mumbai at Grand Sarovar Premiere Hotel, the workshops will be conducted from 9.30 am to 5 pm. \"We will also be offering workshops in Delhi and Bangalore in the coming months. One can visit out website for a complete list of upcoming workshops,\" says Treves. For more details visit, www.ets.org and for registrations, email ets@studyplaces.com.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272471", "title": "Shooters complain of overflowing garbage at Balewadi sports hostel", "text": "PUNE: The shooting range at the Shiv Chhatrapati sports complex in Balewadi is arguably one of the best in the country, but waste disposal at the sports hostel inside the complex is a shame for an institution that is closely associated with London Olympics medal winner Gagan Narang.For the last 10 days, the garbage bin at the hostel has been overflowing and the shooters staying here for the ongoing national selection trials have to put up with the stench, which is getting worse with persistent rains. World Cup medal winner and Olympian Sanjeev Rajput , pistol shooter Om Prakash Choudhary from Navy and Commonwealth Games gold medallist Anisa Sayyed were here last week for the Masters championships and have stayed back for the national selection trials which is currently on.\"We can't open our windows because of the smell from the dustbin. We have complained at least thrice in the last one week asking them to clear the garbage but nothing has been done so far,\" a senior shooter said on Wednesday.However, the authorities said they received no such complaint. \"Our house-keeping staff clears the dump. People keep coming in and going out. Sometimes they leave behind a lot of trash. But I have not received any complaint so far. Still I will look into the matter immediately,\" said Janak Tekale, state deputy director of sports and youth affairs who is also the in-charge of the sports complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16271644", "title": "On Teacher's Day, high spirits run in classroom", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a shocking incident on Teacher's Day, more than 4,000 sachets along with 200 litres of illicit liquor in small containers were seized on Wednesday from a classroom in Veeraputra Hindi Vidyalaya, an upper primary government aided school in Puranapul.Officials from the prohibition and excise department received a tip-off about illicit liquor stored in the school when they were conducting a raid in Pardiwada, near Puranapul earlier today where they seized around 1,400 sachets of gudumba from a godown.Officials said they were on the hunt for key suspect Rajan Singh alias Muchchad Singh from Dhoolpet who was arrested two days ago but was out on bail on grounds of poor health. Excise officials said they had information that the school was being misused by anti-social elements for illegal activities such as preparing and stashing liquor. They added that the contraband was allowed to be stored in the classroom which was not in use by the school authorities after the goons, who allegedly enjoy the support of a few local leaders, had threatened of dire consequences if they didn't cooperate. Officers said apart from illicit liquor, Ganesh idols were also found indicating that Rajan Singh could be an idol maker, a common occupation of many in Dhoolpet.Earlier this week, Saddam, 12, was 'rescued' by excise officials from the clutches of the gudumba mafia. On the basis of preliminary investigations officials said that though there were no indications of children being involved in storing illicit liquor on the school premises, they would investigate the connivance of school officials in the case.Bharat Bhushan, inspector excise, Charminar said, \"The raid at the school was conducted at 2 pm and we are on the lookout for Rajan Singh. In the raid conducted at the godown in Pardiwada we have already arrested Lagen Babu of the same locality. A case under Section 7 A read with Section 8 E has been registered.\"Sources from various departments requesting anonymity said that Puranapul was becoming a hub for storing gudumba before being sent to other parts of the city. At least 15 raids were conducted during a period of one month. They added that densely populated areas like Dhoolpet were proving to be difficult to raid due to non-cooperation of the locals.An official said, \"Police and excise officials are finding it difficult to raid such places. Pardiwada is proving to be another such locality. The illicit liquor traders use women , who prove to be an impediment in conducting the raids. Even the school raided today is run by a society comprising local people. The area has become a den of illegal activity. Apart from liquor, illegal gambling and sale of ganja have also come to notice. This has to be brought to the attention of higher authorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16272372", "title": "Learn about effortless parenting", "text": "BANGALORE: Want to explore your beliefs on parenting and make your relationship more enriching and fulfilling? Here's a platform. The Times Foundation will hold an interactive workshop on effortless parenting at The Times of India office on September 22 from 9.30am to 5.30pm.The objective is to enable participants enjoy the process of parenting. There will be sessions on exploring beliefs on parenting, parent-child relationship as well as how to talk to children so that they listen and how to listen so that they talk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16275539", "title": "Ex-top cop charged in Bo scandal", "text": "BEIJING: China on Wednesday charged Wang Lijun, the former police chief at the centre of the country's biggest political scandal for years, with a number of offences, the state media said.Lijun had briefly fled to a US consulate in February, triggering a series of events that eventually led to the downfall of the powerful politician Bo Xilai . Bo Xilai's wife has since been given a suspended death sentence for the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood.Wang, who was also the former vice mayor of Chongqing under Bo, has been charged with \"bending the law for selfish ends, defection, abuse of power and bribe-taking.\" The move, coming just ahead of the leadership change in the Communist Party , is politically significant. The People's Procuratorate of Chengdu say the evidence against him is \"clear and plenty\", Xinhua reported.Meanwhile, the fate of Bo, who was removed from the post of Chongqing governor, remains uncertain.Observers of the Chinese political scene had expected the government would charge Wang for trying to cover up the murder of Heywood by Bo's wife Gu Kailai. It is not clear if the charge has been covered under the phrase \"bending the law for selfish ends\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16272354", "title": "BSY leads defaulters list", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , Bangalore North MP DB Chandre Gowda, JD(S) floor leader in legislative council MC Nanaiah lead the list of defaulters to the state government. While Yeddyurappa has to pay nearly Rs 25 lakh, Gowda and Nanaiah have to pay Rs 1.19 lakh and Rs 98,855.Information obtained through the Right To Information Act from the department of personnel and administrative reforms shows former minister and political secretary Shivannagouda Naik and MLA Goolihatti D Shekar are also defaulters. Naik has dues of over Rs 5.48 lakh and Shekar has dues of over Rs 1.59 lakh. The dues of 16 leaders mostly pertain to government accommodation when they were ministers. Besides former minister MP Prakash, former chief secretary J Alexander is also a defaulter.Yeddyurappa, who had overstayed in the government bungalow at Race Course Road for over a year after he was asked to step down, paid an advance sum of Rs 15 lakh by cheque to the department. \"While giving the amount, he asked the department to tell him if any additional amount needs to be paid,\" a senior official said.While government provides ministers rent-free accommodation and furniture, former ministers have to pay full rent for as many days they stay in the official houses. The rent depends on bungalows and market value of the house. After relinquishing office, a minister is given three months time to vacate. Rent is charged as per norms if he fails to vacate after the grace period. If a minister prefers to rent a house rather than stay in a government bungalow, he's eligible to claim Rs 40,000 as monthly rent and Rs 10,000 as maintenance charges.Chandre Gowda said: \"So far no notice has come to me. Normally, when I have vacated government bungalows, I've ensured all dues are paid,\" he said.Nanaiah blamed DPAR for not updating the list. He said no dues have to be paid as he hadn't overstayed in the government bungalow. \"Former chairpersons of the council VR Sudharshan and Veeranna Mathikatti and the present one D H Shankaramurthy have directed DPAR to close the files as there is no such violation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273184", "title": "Mishap victim returns home after 5 months", "text": "Mumbai: On Wednesday, 23-year-old Priyanka Rai, the lone female survivor in a near-fatal 'drunkdriving' accident on Juhu Tara Road, returned to her Kalyan residence after five long months of hospital stay. The elated family could barely hold their excitement as Priyanka sat in a cab and started her journey back home from Andheri's Kokilaben Hospital in the evening.TOI had reported on Sunday how the family was struggling to collect money to pay the hospital's dues amounting to Rs 6.21 lakhs. Priyanka's father Markandaya said soon after, help had started pouring in from several quarters. \"Many people got in touch with the hospital and came forward to help us. An individual debited Rs 1.5 lakh in my account to help me sustain her treatment. Several others helped me collect the money and take my daughter home after so many months,\" he said. Markandaya said the Kokilaben Hospital also waived off 50% of the bill amount when they learnt about his difficulty in raising the amount.On Wednesday, the Rais' residence wore a look of celebration. Priyanka's sister Kajal said neighbours and well wishers have been dropping in all evening to meet her. \"We are very happy to have her home. We will take good care of her and see to it that she is back to what she was before the accident,\" said Kajal. Priyanka had met with a near fatal accident on the night of March 31 when she headed out to Juhu for dinner with five of her friends around 2am. Her friend Rahul Mishra (23), who was allegedly driving under the influence of alcohol, lost control of the car, which rammed into a tree and then hit a divider. The accident had killed her Shivani Rawat and Nimisha Mane and rendered her to a near vegetative state.Markandaya said doctors have told them clearly that the recovery could take anything from months to couple of years. \"But, we will not lose hope. All these months, her mother and sister have followed from the hospital staffers how to take care of her,\" he said. \"We are hopeful that the home care will make her recovery faster,\" he said adding that she still does not recognise anyone.Doctors at the Kokilaben Hospital said that Priyanka now needs home care. They confirmed that she was showing emotional response and would shed tears when she saw known faces, and also make sounds. \"She tries to communicate but she cannot do that. She also tried to fix gaze and look around but is still not responding to commands,\" Dr Abhishek Srivastava, specialist in neurological rehabilitation had told TOI.Priyanka, however, cannot consume food on her own. She is fed through tubes attached to her stomach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16273795", "title": "MMC plans to build skywalk in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: The roads of Margao are too congested to walk through, and to tide over the situation a new idea is beginning to take shape on the MMC's drawing board - skywalk.The South Goa district administration and the Margao municipal council (MMC) are toying with the idea of having a state-of-the-art skywalk system with moving walkways connecting the KTC bus stand to the municipality square, a distance of almost 2km.The MMC has sent a proposal to the district collector to obtain his in-principle nod to have the skywalk constructed through the MPLAD scheme.South Goa district collector N D Agarwal, when contacted, confirmed having received the proposal from the MMC and that the civic body has been asked to prepare estimates for the project so that the idea can be taken up further.Sources informed that Agarwal recently held a meeting with the MMC chief officer, Srinet Kothwale, and discussed the nitty gritties of the proposal. \"The MMC chief officer has been told to get a resolution passed at a meeting of the councillors so that the proposal can be placed before the South Goa MP to be taken up under the MPLAD scheme,\" a highly placed official in the district administration said.While Kothwale declined to divulge much details saying the idea was still in the conceptualization stage, sources informed that the MMC has also submitted an alternative idea, of constructing a subway connecting the two points, if the skywalk turns out to be an unworkable concept. The subway will have provisions for movement of pedestrians and vehicles as well. A leading Goan architect, sources informed, has offered his services to the MMC to prepare the drawings of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new dehli", "code": "16274280", "title": "37 held for rumour mongering on Assam violence: Govt", "text": "NEW DEHLI: As many as 37 people have been arrested in connection with rumour mongering during Assam conflict that led to exodus of people from the northeast from various cities, the government told Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.Of these, 24 persons were arrested by Karnataka police in connection with 17 cases filed in the state on the issue. The rest were arrested by Pune police which has registered cases against them.Replying to a question on the steps taken by the government to control the situation arising out the rumour mongering during the Assam conflict, minister of state for home Mullapally Ramchandran said: \"As per reports the exodus of northeastern people from cities of the country was triggered off because of a communally surcharged atmosphere created by circulation of SMSs, MMSs, mails, clips and photographs on social networking sites which were false, morphed and calculated to incite hatred among communities.\"The minister further said that the Centre was alive to it and blocked bulk SMSs and MMSs for 15 days apart from blocking relevant social networking sites that carried hate messages.\"This as well as the exposure of the fact that many photographs and clips were false/morphed; and were uploaded abroad has discredited this attempt. As a result, the communally surcharged atmosphere has eased,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16273079", "title": "Plastic-waste road lends shine to Steel City", "text": "RANCHI: Steel City Jamshedpur, among a few other cities in India, has shown how plastic waste can be recycled to make roads, thereby minimizing environmental pollution caused by plastic. It has been over a year that a 900-meter road (see picture) made of plastic waste was built in Jamshedpur near the Income Tax Commissioner's office in CH Area. Unlike other roads in India, this road has not developed any craters yet.The eco-friendly road has not only become the talk of the town, residents from other parts of the city are also using this stretch to savour its smoothness. \"It's unbelievable. Initially I thought the road surface would get damaged in the torrential rain. But it has not developed any pothole,\" said Akhilesh Kumar, a resident.The good work has not yet prompted the road construction department to replicate the model in other parts of the state. Top babus in the department have been appreciating the effort but not doing anything to improve the condition of roads elsewhere. Akhileshwar Prasad Chaudhary, special secretary, said, \"I have heard about it. It is a good beginning, especially because waste plastic is being recycled.\"Ram Naresh Raman, chief engineer in the department of road construction, said, \"No initiative has been taken on our part to replicate the model in Ranchi or other parts of the state.\"The road was constructed on November 30, 2011 under the supervision of the Jamshedpur Utility Services and Company (JUSCO), a subsidiary of Tata Steel. JUSCO, however, is ready to use the pilot project in other areas. \"The company is determined to explore the possibility of using plastic waste in constructing the town's roads on an extensive scale,\" said a report of JUSCO.After the success of this 900-meter road, JUSCO constructed two more roads to further test the durability of such experiments. An engineer of the company said, \"It is more practical in an environment where the climate is humid. The strength of the road increases, and it becomes more water resistant. Unlike common roads, stagnant water does not damage these roads.\"In other parts of the country, too, roads have been made from plastic waste. In 2002, such a road was built in Madurai, Chennai and Tiruchi. Other places which have plastic waste roads are Mumbai, Puducherry, Kochi and Simla.\"Plastic helps the mixture bond better. It increases the load-bearing capacity. The overall consumption of bitumen decreases,\" said a technical report of JUSCO. The report also said the overall maintenance cost of a road made from waste plastic is lower. A 500 meter two-lane road (8m-wide), can be constructed with 60 kg of plastic approximately. The Indian Road Research Centre said such roads last longer and are more resistant to cold, heat and cracking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16273997", "title": "Chandy govt to review all projects", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The UDF government, following non-partisan validation that the Emerging Kerala Meet had many dubious aspects, lost no time on Wednesday to admit its complicity and, more importantly, take remedial action.Reacting to TOI's expose on the hare-brained proposal to turn Chandrasekharan Nair stadium, situated on prime real estate in the capital, into a convention centre, chief minister Oommen Chandy declared that the government would screen all projects meant for the investment summit.\"All the projects listed for the proposed event will be removed from the [Emerging Kerala] website and chief secretary K Jayakumar will be screening each one of them right away. Only the projects cleared by him will be now listed for Emerging Kerala,'' he said at a post-cabinet briefing.\"All the projects were put on the website to ensure transparency. But it has led to widespread criticism now,\" he added.Apart from the belated screening of proposals, the CM, in deference to the prevailing cynicism on Emerging Kerala, revealed that no MoUs would be signed during the meet. \"No MoUs will be signed in the event. It will be a platform to exchange ideas and explore the possibilities for investments. The meet will be just showcasing the investment possibilities in Kerala,\" he said.The state cabinet also decided to constitute an investment clearance board headed by the chief secretary which will give final clearance for projects discussed at the meet. These projects will also be analysed by a special cabinet meeting to be held in Kochi on September 13.Cultural affairs minister K C Joseph, claiming that no minister or bureaucrat in his right mind would have agreed to the stadium proposal in the first place, said, \"We will now relook the feasibility of each proposal and bring out proposals that are only feasible for the state.''On his part, leader of the opposition V S Achuthanandan pointed out how his much-publicised doubts about the summit were being vindicated. \"There is complete anarchy regarding the summit now. So the government should scrap the Emerging Kerala summit at the earliest. Projects should be identified which are necessary and practical for the state through discussions and after finding necessary land for them. A meet to invite investors can be held later,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16271322", "title": "BJP sets tone for LS polls by launching anti-influx agitation", "text": "GUWAHATI: The BJP has set the tone for the 2014 Lok Sabha election by launching a full-scale anti-influx stir across the state.Along with different parts of the country, the party has been highlighting the threat posed by infiltration from Bangladesh to socio-economic and cultural fabric of the northeast under the party's \"Assam bachao, purbanchal Bachao and desh bachao\" campaign.Although BJP leaders here said the ongoing campaign has nothing to do with Lok Sabha elections, political analysts feel the saffron party has already made Bangladeshi infiltration a big political issue in the country and that it is going to become more vigorous in the run-up to the LS polls.Poltical analysts said for BJP the problem of influx has always been one of the major issues whether there is election or not and the ethnic clashes in Bodoland Territorial Areas District (BTAD) have revived the issue. \"The BTAD conflict has once again given a fresh momentum to the issue of infiltration and the BJP is going to take it forward,\" an analyst said.State BJP spokesperson Shantanu Bharali, however, said the present campaign is all about making the generation born after the Assam Agitation aware of the threats posed to social, economic, cultural and political fabric of the state due to continuous influx from Bangladesh. Bharali added that the present campaign has nothing to do with Lok Sabha elections.\"The BJP has always been highlighting the threat posed by infiltration from Bangladesh and the recent BTAD violence has once again brought to the problem to the fore. Our present campaign has nothing to do with election. Our campaign is for the protection of Assam's existence and the generation born after the Assam Sgitation should know about it,\" explained Bharali.The BJP leader said the BTAD violence was a reminder to the Congress government, both in the state and the Centre, about the threat posed by influx. \"Assam did not experience any conflict with indigenous Muslims. The influx from Bangladesh has rather made the state more conflict-prone like it happened in BTAD,\" added Bharali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274113", "title": "Jairam targets BJP CMs in Coalgate defence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress said the truth about coal block allocations lies in BJP answering if its chief ministers wrote to the Centre against a switch to competitive bidding and if NDA regime followed a more transparent procedure in the screening committee to select applicants for coal mines.Union minister Jairam Ramesh lobbed eight \"inconvenient questions\" at BJP, saying, \"BJP has to look within before hurling accusations at UPA.\"He said CAG had indicted the BJP regime in Chhattisgarh of causing loss of over Rs 1,000 crore to the state by diverting a coal mine given to a government company to Ajay Sancheti, a close associate of party chief Nitin Gadkari . He added that Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda and BJD's Navin Patnaik had recommended coal blocks for companies that were now being dubbed as \"tainted\".Piling on accusations against the rival, Ramesh said BJP CMs Vasundhara Raje and Raman Singh , and non-Congress states Odisha and Bengal, had objected to the system of allocating coal mines on competitive bidding. \"Even coal minister in UPA-1 Shibu Soren objected to the move... he is the 'super CM' of the BJP-coalition in Jharkhand,\" the minister said.Accusing BJP of misrepresenting the coal issue, Ramesh said the row was not about CAG report but about politicization of the auditor's report by BJP.The rural development minister said NDA regime followed the same policy of coal block allocation through screening committee with a less transparent system than devised by Congress-led Centre. \"They did it without any advertisement and without bidding. 32 blocks were given by NDA. UPA reformed the process and started to advertise for allocations,\" he said.He rebuffed the demand for cancellation of coal blocks as \"impossible and illegal\", saying, \"It takes up to four and half years to start mining because there are statutory clearances to be obtained.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272806", "title": "ACB launches inquiry against Nirmal", "text": "PUNE: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, has initiated a preliminary inquiry against state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) inspector Rajnish Nirmal, who along with his wife jointly owns Maya lounge bar at Wagholi which was raided on Sunday.Speaking to TOI, ACB superintendent of police Sarang Awad said the inquiry has been launched on the basis of a report published in this newspaper on September 5 that Nirmal and his wife were owners of the plot on which the lounge stands. \"We will take further action if his assets are found to be disproportionate to his known source of income,\" he said.TOI's report had also stated that home minister R R Patil had asked for the entire report of the case. \"We are checking whether Nirmal has shown the plot in his asset declaration. Disciplinary action will be initiated against him if he is found to have been hiding the plot from the home department,\" Patil had said.Police had arrested 303 patrons during the raid on the lounge. All of them were released on personal bonds after taking their blood samples. Police had seized foreign liquor worth Rs 9.8 lakh. Five people, including two partners who ran the lounge and two managers, were also arrested. Police also booked Nirmal's wife, Anjali.Nirmal had told TOI earlier that he and his wife were joint owners of the property. He said he had given out the property on lease to two partners.Additional superintendent of police (Baramati division) Ravindrasingh Pardeshi said the police raided the lounge after receiving complaints from local people. Police found that the bar had obtained a permit from the state excise department only for a period between 7pm and 11pm on Saturday (September 1). \"When police raided the place around 1 am on Sunday, liquor was still being served,\" Pardeshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16273084", "title": "Cops file FIR in builder suicide", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged by the Sushant Lok police against four builders who have been accused of abetting the suicide of a construction firm director. Ashok Kumar Shekhawat, a native of Rohtak, who was running his own construction company, Surya Hicon Private Limited, committed suicide on Tuesday afternoon by jumping off the eighth floor of Galaxy Apartments in Sushant Lok.The victim's wife, Poonam Shekhawat, and other family members alleged to accuse that the four accused builders were not paying the victim's Rs 15 crore that was due to him and were harassing him. Unable to bear that and the resulting financial crisis, he was forced to take the extreme step, the complaint said.Shekhawat ended his life in Galaxy Apartments around 4pm on Tuesday. The deceased has been a resident of Gurgaon for the last eight to nine years and was currently living in D-171 in Sushant Lok. According to police, the victim was in financial problems because he needed to return money to some people.According to the FIR, which was lodged on the statement of Poonam Shekhawat, the four accused had borrowed money from her husband in their project's construction work and had not returned it despite repeated reminders. The FIR said Shekhawat had worked for Spaze Tower Private Limited's Vipin Sharma, Deepak and J S Chawla. His husband was constructing two building projects of theirs which cost Rs 9 crore and Shekhawat had sent all the bills with service taxes to the firm but no payment was made.The owner and director of another firm, Orchid Infrastructure Developers Pvt. Ltd, Rajiv Gupta, also defaulted on his payment to Shekhawat of around Rs 6 crore. Poonam, who was also a director in her husband's firm, said her husband continued to request Gupta for payment but Gupta kept avoiding him for the past one year.\"On Tuesday afternoon, my brother went to his childhood friend Krishna Rathore's flat in Galaxy Apartments. After taking a nap there, he told us on the phone that he was very upset because of the default on payments from the builder firms. His friend, Rathore, was in the drawing room when suddenly Shekhawat jumped off the 8th floor flat,\" Harish Shekhawat, the victim's brother, told TOI.On Wednesday, police handed over the body to the relatives after post-mortem, which showed that the victim had died because of the injuries resulting from the jump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16273377", "title": "Ghaziabad farmers protest at GDA office against land acquisition", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Following the footprints of farmers in Noida and Greater Noida, villagers of Ghaziabad have now intensified their agitation demanding increased compensation in lieu of land acquired. On Wednesday, around 100 farmers barged into the office of Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) and staged protests.When farmers from 18 villages reached outside the GDA office and tried to enter, a heated argument ensued between them and the security personnel.The enraged farmers then scaled the boundaries of the GDA office and opened the gate forcefully. They then started raising slogans against the developer of Hi-Tech City and the corrupt administrative system.Speaking to TOI, GDA chairman, Santosh Yadav, said that a MoU was executed between the former BSP government and Hi-Tech City developers. \"GDA has nothing to do with it. We have received a memorandum from the farmers, but this issue cannot be sorted out at out level. I will fix a meeting of a farmer delegation with the principal secretary (housing) as this issue can be settled only by intervention of the state government,\" Yadav said.The developer of Hi-Tech City, however, said that the protests by farmers is unjust. \"We are aware of the farmers protest and dissatisfaction over compensation. However, we purchased the plots directly from farmers in a fair manner at prevailing market rates,\" said RK Jain, executive director at Wave Infratech. \"Land prices have now gone up in the region due to infrastructure development. The current demands of farmers are unjust and against all business ethics. We request them to withdraw their protests,\" Jain added.Farmer leader Dr Rupesh Verma said that the farmers want a share of profits in the developer's project and 10% developed land in lieu of total land acquired. The land of 18 villages totalling around 5,000 acres is being acquired for setting up the Hi-Tech City, the license of which had been granted by the GDA during the BSP regime.\"As many as 774 farmers have approached the Allahabad high court, filing 19 PILs against land acquisition for Hi-Tech City,\" said former GDA board member and supporter of the farmers, Rajendra Tyagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16273007", "title": "Governmentt seeks more time from Gujjars, community to take a call today", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has sought 15 days' time from the agitating Gujjar community to reach a decision on their demand for 5% quota in jobs and educational institutions, sources said on Wednesday.The community would take a call on the government request at its mass assembly in Karauli on Thursday. Thousands of Gujjars under their leader Kirori Singh Bainsla are staging a sit-in near Karauli's Panchna Dam since Tuesday, with a threat to launch a statewide agitation if the government failed to give a concrete assurance on the quota demand.A delegation sent by Bainsla held talks with the government mediator, power minister Jitendra Singh here on Wednesday. This was followed by talks between chief minister Ashok Gehlot , Singh and senior officials. Sources said Gehlot later talked to Bainsla over the phone and urged him to withhold the agitation for 15 more days to let the government receive the OBC commission's report and then decide on the quota demand, as was required by the high court.Power minister Jitendra Singh told reporters, \"The government is keen on granting 5% quota to the SBC, but it will have to wait for the OBC commission's recommendation.\"The other backward classes (OBC) commission, which has been studying a quantifiable data with regard to Gujjars and three other communities' representation in the state services, is expected to submit its recommendations on the increased quota demand in the next 10 days. Sources said the government would require at least five days to reach a decision on the basis of the OBC commission's recommendations.Four communities-Gujjars, Rebaris, Banjaras and Garia-Lohars communities-clubbed as the special backward classes (SBC) have been demanding 5% separate quota, though they already enjoy reservation in state jobs and educational institutes as members of the OBC category. The SBC leaders argue that their communities were not getting proper advantage of the reservation policy as the OBC category included socially better placed communities, like Jats and Yadavs, than them.Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti spokesperson Himmat Singh told TOI, \"Our delegation has conveyed the government message to our leader Bainsla, but the final call on whether time should be granted to the government once again will be decided after consultation with the community at the mahapanchayat on Thursday.\"The previous Vasundhara Raje-led government had passed a reservation bill granting 5% quota to the SBC and 14% quota to the economically backward classes. The bill received the governor's consent at the beginning of the present government, but the resulted reservation Act was stayed by the high court since overall reservation in state jobs increased to 68% in violation of the Supreme Court judgment, which puts the overall quota cap at 50%.The high court had also pointed out that the SBC quota was not based on OBC commission's recommendation, which in turn should be based on a quantifiable data on the communities' representation in state jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273850", "title": "Will not quit, open to probe: Rajendra Darda", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the CBI registered a criminal case against him for his alleged involvement in the multicrore Coalgate scam, high-profile school education minister Rajendra Darda on Wednesday said neither has he resigned nor has he been asked the quit from the state government. \"I have not resigned, neither has my high command asked me to quit the cabinet in view of the FIR lodged by the CBI,\" Darda told ToI.The CBI on Tuesday lodged a FIR against Rajendra Darda, his elder brother and Congress MP Vijay Darda and son Devendra on charges of criminal conspiracy, suppression and misrepresentation of facts and blatant violation of the Prevention of Corruption Act. Darda expressed shock and surprise over reports on his resignation. \"Since morning, I am with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for the Teachers' Day events in Nashik and nearby areas. I have discussed the entire coal episode with Chavan. So far, I have no instructions to quit,\" Darda said.Darda said it was unfortunate that his name, along with the members of his family was being dragged in the Coalgate scam. \"My conscious is very clear. We have not committed any fraud. It's a fact that in 2006, I had purchased shares worth Rs 1 lakh from the controversial company. A few years later, I withdrew my share capital. Under such circumstances, it will be wrong to blame me. Now that the CBI has initiated the probe, I am sure, the truth will come out. My entire family will cooperate with the investigating agency,\" Darda said.Congress MP Vijay Darda, too, has denied the charge of criminal conspiracy and corruption against him. \"We were setting up a power plant in my home town Yavatmal for the benefit of farmers. However, when we found that the coal block allotted to the firm is 600 km away from the plant, we withdrew from the company in 2009. As such, we are not even remotely involved in the alleged fraud or corruption,\" Darda said.Meanwhile, a senior Congress minister said the CBI took the decision to lodge a first information report against the Dardas in a hurry. \"No doubt that CBI has full powers to conduct a probe, but we feel that it should have initiated criminal proceedings against the Dardas and other beneficiaries after a thorough investigation,\" the minister said.He said that in the multicrore Adarsh housing scam, the CBI registered a criminal case well over a year after it began the probe. \"Like the Adarsh scam, even the coal scam, too, is based on documents. As such, CBI should have completed the preliminary probe and then registered a criminal case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16272497", "title": "Chaos at last day of Nagpur University admissions", "text": "NAGPUR: Last-minute rush by students, complicated forms and technical glitches all led to chaos at Nagpur University on Wednesday, the last date for admissions.Though students were also at fault in waking up just before deadline, the mismanagement led to many students having to return without completing the procedure.According to the aggrieved students, many of them went to the campus for admission but NU officials failed to guide them on the changed procedure and they had to run from one department to other and to the bank to complete the formalities.As per the changed procedure, the first step is to purchase the prospectus, but students had to first pay Rs45 to Bank of India's (BoI) counter located inside the campus. Afterwards, an online slip would be generated which the students were required to carry all the way to respective departments for getting the prospectus.Afterwards, they need to fill up the forms and then take the signatures of respective heads of department (HoDs). They again have to visit the BoI branch for submitting the fees and then attach the receipt to the form to submit it in the departments. The fees are needed to be submitted online through BoI counters to generate PRN numbers. However, there was a continuous link failure in the campus and students had to go all the way to other branches located in Civil Lines and Sitabuldi to pay the fees.\"If this is not enough, we were again asked to come to the department with receipt of fees, which was to be attached to forms for confirmation of admissions. Even the BoI branches had link failure and heavy rains made matters worse. Even HoDs were not in the departments as they were attending Teachers Day programme in Guru Nanak Hall,\" the aggrieved students told TOI, demanding extension of dates or permission to them to pay late fees for getting admissions.Vidyarthi Vikas Sangram Parishad activist Yashodhan Waghmare who also faced similar problems flayed the NU administration for making students ran from pillar to post. \"They should have set up a single window facility for all admissions. The students also faced many problems in absence of an ATM counter inside the campus. We have to go all the way to Wadi or at Ravi Nagar square for the money. Thus demand is quite old but NU hardly pays any attention,\" he lamented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16271440", "title": "CVC examining ex-IA chief's letter alleging scam in civil aviation ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the UPA government struggles to shrug off allegations of major scandals, a set of decisions taken by yet another ministry under Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has come under fresh scrutiny.According to sources, the Central Vigilance Commission has started a detailed examination of a 14-page letter written by IAS officer Sunil Arora, the former chairman-and-managing director of Indian Airlines, to the then cabinet secretary alleging that the national carrier was arm-twisted into taking several decisions that led to the financial crisis in the company.\"Based on the analysis, a final decision would be taken by the CVC - whether to refer the case to the CBI for a criminal investigation, or to initiate a departmental inquiry, or to ignore it,\" a source said. Given the fact that the complaint concerns serious misconduct, the CVC has primarily two options -- to refer it, like it did in the case of 2G and coal block allocations, to CBI for an investigation or to just ignore the issue.In both 2G and coal block allocation scams, it was CVC's reference which triggered the CBI into investigating irregularities. CAG had also carried out audit, assessing humongous financial loss to the exchequer. In the case of Air India-Indian Airlines too, CAG has already carried out an audit, indicting the decisions including the purchase of new aircraft that have resulted in the national carrier spinning out of financial control.The CVC's decision to examine Arora's letter of May 28, 2005 to the then cabinet secretary B K Chaturvedi came on a recent submission from two opposition MPs, accusing massive irregularities in the civil aviation ministry which resulted in financial disaster in the Air India-Indian Airlines combine. The two MPs had told TOI that \"the CVC is treating the matter on a priority basis\".Arora had said in his letter that over one year (2004-05), almost all board meetings of Air India, and even some board meetings of Airports Authority of India, had \"become a farce\", with the civil aviation ministry determining the decisions.The former had also accused the then civil aviation secretary of lying to the parliamentary standing committee on the issue of Indian Airlines not flying to London in the lucrative summer schedules.Arora, in his letter, told the cabinet secretary that he feared for his and his family's safety. Citing the murder of whistleblower Satyendra Dubey, Arora requested the cabinet secretary to share the contents of the letter with the prime minister.In their letter to the CVC, MPs Prabodh Panda of CPI and Nishikant Dubey of BJP pointed to the various reports including the CAG audit that drew attention to the misdeeds, saying \"no action is being taken by any govt agency\".The MPs listed among others irregularities in the purchase of aircraft for Air India and the minister dictating various aspects of the purchase. They also drew attention to the haste shown in concluding the aircraft purchase. They said changes were forced in the seat configuration to suit an aircraft manufacturer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273893", "title": "Suspended contractual UPSRTC staff reinstated", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major decision that impacts the fortunes of several contractual employees of UP state transport corporation, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday agreed to reinstate all contractual employees of UPSRTC who were suspended from services allegedly on minor charges.Though a delegation of affected employees had visited the transport minister and other senior officials of the transport department earlier, no decision had been taken in their favour. After clocking five continuous visits to the chief minister's Janata Darshan, the delegation, on Wednesday, went back victorious, with an assurance by Samajwadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary who promised to instruct UPSRTC by Wednesday evening, to reinstate the contractual employees.Apart from the aggreived employees of UPSRTC Akhilesh also heard grievances of other people and accepted their applications on various issues. Directing officials to ensure that petitioners were attended to and their problems solved promptly, Akhilesh also said phone numbers of petitioners should be obtained so that thyey may be informed once action is taken.On Wednesday, the chief minister received nearly 10,000 applications pertaining to issues like agricultural, revenue records, irrigation, power bills, power supply, jobs, road construction and requests for financial assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278741", "title": "'Mai' will make every girl cry, says Asha Bhosle", "text": "Legendary singer Asha Bhosle , who is set to make her celluloid debut with 'Mai,' has revealed that the movie will be a tear-jerker, and would move every girl who watches it.Speaking on the sidelines of a function here recently, the 80-year old versatile singer said, \"My mother's name was 'Mai'. You should all see and tell me how I performed. All I can say is that I will change my name if every girl does not cry when she sees the film.\"Bhosle, who has sung over 12,000 songs in 18 vernacular languages, said she wished for love and support of her fans for the rest of her life.\"I just want to receive all the love of the people till my last day,\" she said.The film is directed by Mahesh Kodiyal and also stars Padmini Kolhapure and Ram Kapoor. It is set to release on November 23, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16272989", "title": "No permission to pandals without traffic clearance: Wardhane", "text": "NAGPUR: After TOI highlighted violations of rules by various Ganesh mandals while erecting pandals, welcome arches and banners across the city, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has told zonal officers not to give permissions to pandals without clearance from the traffic department.Several Ganesh pandals are being erected on prominent roads in a manner that affects smooth flow of traffic. Roads have been dug up at several places, causing damage to public and Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) property. \"I have asked the zonal officers to survey their areas for any encroachments and damages to roads and submit report by Thursday,\" said Wardhane.On Wednesday, after directives from the city police chief, Avinash More, PI (Traffic) visited the Ganesh pandal of former corporator Baba Maind at Zenda Chowk, Dharampeth and also the site of Mama Ganpati.After taking measurements at Zenda Chowk, More concluded that permission could be granted to the Ganesh pandal. He also observed that while Baba Maind had applied for permission only three days back, the actual work had begun much before. Also, damage was done to the road, said More.More was of the view that if pandals are being set up near roads, a majority part, at least 70%, should be free for traffic.At Mama Ganpati's site, More found the pandal entirely blocking the road, hence he did not grant traffic clearance to it.The CP had said that action will be taken against those damaging public property if NMC lodges FIR. However, Wardhane said it will be premature to say whether NMC would go for filing FIRs. \"We have to first look at the nature of violations and then decide on the action to be initiated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16271813", "title": "On the trail of SIMI and LeT in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: The banned SIMI's links with Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) and its coordinated activities in several states -- Karnataka, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh - was first unearthed in the state in 2008.Though no terror attack in the state has been attributed to SIMI so far, its activists have been arrested on charges of planning, coordinating, indoctrinating, training and gathering logistics to strike vital places.After the ban, SIMI activities in the state came on the police radar in January-February 2008 when police arrested Riazuddin Nasir alias Mohammed Ghouse, a resident of Hyderabad and a Pakistan-trained LeT operative, and Asaduallah Abubaker, a medical student and member of SIMI, at Honnali in Davanagere district.The subsequent questioning and raids resulted in the arrest of 16 persons who were accused of coordinating to carry out destruction. Cases were registered at Gokul Road police station in Hubli and Honnali in Davanagere. Nine of the arrested were from outside the state - Kerala, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.SIMI's activities in Karnataka owed a lot to software engineer Yahya Iyash Kamkutty and Adnan. Adnan, a native of Bijapur, stayed in Bangalore with his brother at Annasandrapalya.Riazuddin Nasir would not have come to Karnataka if it was not for Adnan. He was planning to leave Hyderabad after police there started looking out for him after the twin blasts. While searching for a safe hideout, he came in contact with Adnan through one of his friends. As Adnan assured him to provide shelter, Riazuddin came to Hubli. This was how SIMI in Karnataka first came in touch with the dreaded LeT.During April-May 2007, Adnan had organized a meeting at Castle Rock. Thirty-two members from Karnataka, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Kerala attended the meeting. Iqbal from Uttar Pradesh and Sibli from Kerala, both national level leaders of the banned SIMI, attended the meeting along with Asif, Asadullah Abubaker, Mirza, Shakeel and Munna.Adnan and his friends organized the second meeting in October 2007 in the farmhouse of arrested terror suspect Shakeel on Haliyal road. Around 15 to 20 members attended it. The third meeting was held later that month at a dargah on Dharwad-Savadatti road with 15 members in attendance. Adnan is said to have introduced Raizuddin Nasir to his other associates during these meetings.Police say SIMI has reinvented itself as Indian Mujahiddeen. SIMI is still believed to have its pockets of influence in the state. A corporator in Bangalore is said to have been elected with support from SIMI cadre, police said.ACCUSED, BUT ACQUITTEDIn 2008, Belgaum police had arrested 12 persons on charges of terror and accused them of being SIMI activists. Another three persons were shown as absconding. The cases had been registered at the APMC and Malmaruti police stations in Belgaum. However, a few months ago, a local court in Belgaum acquitted all the arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273643", "title": "Partha to meet Infy boss over state project", "text": "KOLKATA: State IT minister Partha Chatterjee will meet Infosys co-founder and executive co-chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan on Thursday to discuss their plans for the company's maiden project in the state, which has been stalled indefinitely.\"Infosys had sought the execution of lease deed and thereafter, possession of the land. I want to discuss with them their plans regarding their project,\" said Chatterjee. He is expected to be accompanied by IT officials.The IT bellwether reportedly sent a letter to Hidco three days back, asking for execution of lease deed. \"We have not done anything on that plot yet. We have invested money, it needs to be capitalized,\" said a company source.Asked whether \"capitalization\" meant the company was considering starting construction on that plot soon, the source said: \"No discussion has taken place on that yet.\"Infosys has bought 50 acres in Rajarhat for Rs 1.5 crore per acre. It made full payment for the land in October 2011.The Infosys project hit a hurdle when it was denied a special economic zone (SEZ) status by the state government, which is \"in principle\" against such policy. Infosys officials had visited the state on June 13, when the government had showed them the letter on Software Technologies Park of India (STPI) proposal it had sent the Centre. The state government is trying to route Infosys to the state via the STPI.\"We can't grant them SEZ status. But I am looking forward to alternative proposals from them,\" Chatterjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "16271377", "title": "Bandhs, agitations multiply OIL revenue losses in state", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Oil India Limited (OIL) has incurred huge losses in the financial year 2012-2013 owing to bandhs, blockades and agitational programmes of various organizations.OIL's newly appointed resident chief executive (RCE) Kulendu Kumar Nath on Wednesday said the company has suffered huge loss in crude oil production, amounting to Rs 33 crore, from April 2012 to August 2012 due to external factors.\"Due to frequent bandhs and agitations, our exploration and production activities, apart from transportation of oil and gas, has been severely hampered. Our supply of gas to power projects, tea gardens and industries have also been hit,\" said Nath.He added, \"Our priority is to enhance production but these factors have affected us badly. Even if we shut down an oil well for a single day, the production capacity of that well decreases considerably due to technical reasons. We've to repair the well but the production capacity remains below par,\" said Nath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16271157", "title": "Stressed out men behind miscarriages of wives: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stressed out Indian men have now been found to be behind recurrent miscarriages of their wives, belying the widely-held belief that miscarriages are solely the woman's fault.But a study of 60 childless men in India, done jointly by the department of anatomy and gynaecology at the country's premier All Indian Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) has found that most men who had reported consecutive miscarriages by their wives had fragmented or damaged DNA in their sperm caused by excessive free radicals (also known as oxidative stress) caused by infections or an unhealthy lifestyle.Recurrent miscarriage (RM) is defined as the loss of three or more consecutive pregnancies. Even after extensive investigation, approximately 40% of RM cases remain unexplained and are classified as unexplained RM (URM).Till now, whenever a woman has a miscarriage, a barrage of tests are carried out to check for the reason while in men, only a blood chromosome analysis is checked to look for abnormalities of the chromosome that contains various genes.Speaking to TOI, additional professor of anatomy at AIIMS Dr Rima Dada said, \"We, however, went further and looked at the DNA and RNA of the male sperm and found that in men who were failing to father a child, free radicals were much higher which affected both its ability to move swiftly and to father an offspring. The results of this study show that sperm DNA damage may be a cause of URM, and paternal factors may play a critical role in embryonic development.\"Dr Deepika Deka, professor of gynaecology, added, \"Sperm DNA integrity plays a vital role in embryogenesis and foetal well-being and sperm DNA damage may lead to early pregnancy loss. Our study published in the Indian Journal of Medical Research on Wednesday was planned to analyze sperm factor in unexplained RM and determine cut-off value of DNA damage in cases of URM.\"Interestingly, doctors say men produce millions of sperm every day.\"In many of these childless men, improving lifestyle and diet - having more fruits and vegetables, taking part in yoga, giving up smoking and moderate physical exercise -- can improve DNA of sperm and help then in fathering a child later as it reduces production of free radicals,\" Dr Dada said.According to the team, psychological stress results in decline in semen quality and causes poor sperm quality.\"Other studies have also shown that the chief cause of loss of DNA integrity was oxidative stress. Smoking has been shown to increase white blood cell count in semen by 48% and increase in free radical level by 107%,\" Dr Dada said.The American Pregnancy Association says sperm health is greatly impacted by the increase of free radical load in the body. Free radicals are unstable oxygen molecules that damage fats and proteins found in the cells of our body.While the body does employ a variety of \"antioxidant\" strategies to mitigate the damage caused by free radicals, when the free radical load is high (or there is a deficiency of antioxidant nutrients available), the body is unable to keep up.Sperm cells have less effective antioxidant mechanisms to keep free radicals at bay, and are especially vulnerable to damage due to the high amounts of fats contained in their cell membrane.The American Pregnancy Association says that 1 in 6 trying-to-conceive (TTC) couples do face difficulty becoming pregnant. While it is often assumed that the female partner is to blame for any fertility issues, in at least 40% of infertile couples, it is actually the male partner that is the cause of the infertility.APA says that for conception to occur, a man must produce a sufficient amount of healthy, normally shaped sperm that can travel safely through the female reproductive tract to fertilize the egg.According to Dr Dada, in the AIIMS study, the extent of DNA damage was expressed in terms of the DNA fragmentation index (DFI), which is the ratio of single stranded damaged DNA over the total DNA.\"We reported that DFI in infertile cases was approximately 30%. Thus it is possible that cases with 30% DFI and above are infertile where as cases with lower DFI (24%) are able to initiate pregnancy but have sufficient DNA damage which adversely affects embryo genesis and results in recurrent early pregnancy loss. A healthy male will have DFI between 8-21%,\" Dr Dada said.According to Dr Deka, the next phase of research will include finding out anti-oxidants which can reduce the damage to sperm DNA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16274454", "title": "Now, an expo for senior citizens", "text": "PUNE: A two-day exhibition, 'Celebrating Age! India Expo 2012,' at Ganesh Kala Kreeda Manch on September 7-8, will bring together business organizations that have tailor-made products and services for senior citizens.International Longevity Centre India (ILC-I), a non-governmental organisation working for the aged, and the exhibition organisers Vision India have planned the show to inform senior citizens about the opportunities to protect their physical as well as financial health and get the most out of life during their twilight years.\"The expo will showcase senior housing, insurance and banking options, health and wellness, especially for the 60-plus citizens, and also a wide variety of retirement lifestyle consumer products and services,\" Vision India director Janaki Raman said. Besides the workshops and conferences, the expo will have yoga sessions, music and laughter sessions and many other interactive sessions on health and qualitative lifestyle, she added.ILC-I president S D Gokhale said though India is projected as a nation of the young, senior citizens form a major segment of the country's population. \"There are many specific needs of this segment which the planners as well as manufacturers and service providers should keep in mind. As the longevity improves, senior citizens will form over 12% of the country's population and will become a major consumer segment,\" Gokhale said.Gokhale said such events can help create awareness about the specific needs and aspirations of senior citizens and drive more and more businesses to think about what they can offer to make life easier for people in this category.(END)Done/subha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16278352", "title": "Leander Paes-Radek Stepanek in semifinals of US Open", "text": "NEW YORK: Leander Paes and his Czech partner Radek Stepanek stormed into the semifinals of the US Open men's doubles event after getting the better of Julian Knowle of Austria and Slovakia's Filip Polasek in straight sets.The fifth-seeded Indo-Czech combo took just 74 minutes to outplay their opponents 6-2 6-4.Paes and Stepanek, who had won the Australian Open title earlier this year, dominated from the word go in the quarterfinal match on Wednesday night.Even as the Austrian-Slovak duo failed to earn a single breakpoint, Paes and Stepanek converted two of the five breakpoints to walk away with the match comfortably.The Indo-Czech pair will next take on the sixth seeded Spanish combo of Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez, who had defeated Bruno Soares of Brazil and Austria's Alexander Peya 6-3 6-4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16273418", "title": "Water dept still unpaid for cleaning Godavari", "text": "NASHIK: After removing water hyacinth from Godavari river last year, the water resources department (WRD) is yet to get paid by the state.The release of the payment of Rs 71.83 lakh has been delayed after Niphad MLA Anil Kadam raised an objection raised by Niphad MLA Anil Kadam hinting connivance between on the grounds that there was a nexus between officials and the contractor. However, later, Kadam, who had expressed doubt over the exact quantity of hyacinth removed, withdrew his objection.\"We were asked by guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal to remove water hyacinth from the Godavari, but we chose to lie low after removing them on war footing under the clause of disaster management. Two factors delayed the payment- the objection by the MLA and late allocation of funds in the budget,\" a senior official told TOI. said on the condition of anonymity.In the meeting held on August 30 last year, Bhujbal had asked the WRD to undertake measures to remove the hyacinth stuck at Saikheda about 25 km downstream of Nashik city. The obstruction from the water weed had resulted in the river swelling, posing a threat to nearby residents.The official further said that the NMC, which had committed to providing two earthmovers, two tippers and two boats for two days on September 3, 2011, never did it till the WRD raised the issue. They however supplied one tipper and one earthmover on September 5, which did not aid the work undertaken by the WRD.\"We therefore hired contractors for the job between September 5 and September 9, for which we had to pay Rs 71.28 lakh. Just as we moved our papers, MLA Anil Kadam objected to it through a letter dated August 30, 2011, demanding a high level inquiry. However, the MLA later withdrew allegations. The episode prevented the house from allocating funds for the purpose,\" the official said.When asked if they had received help from NMC this year to remove the water hyacinth after a meeting held with Bhujbal in May, the official said that they did not rely on NMC this year. \"Last year, if the NMC had pitched in, expenses would have been less. This year, we deployed our own machinery and contractors. It is estimated to cost nearly Rs 25 lakh and the same would soon be presented for the government to sanction.\" to the government for sanctioning of the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16274027", "title": "Prakash Karat defends democratic centralism", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The CPM and the left parties have been under attack from several quarters since 2008 when it had begun fighting against neo-liberal policies and India's strategic alliance with the US, said CPM general secretary Prakash Karat.\"This attack has now turned against the structure of the party and against its organisation,\" he said while inaugurating the P Sundarayya birth centenary celebrations organised by AKG study and research centre here on Wednesday. \"The attack against our party in West Bengal is based on cadre raj. In Tripura, where we are going to celebrate 20 years in office continuously, the party is accused of completely capturing all sectors. In Kerala, the attack is against the Stalinist principle, elimination of opponents and choking of democracy. We need to deal with the collective attack from class enemies and right wing media,\" said Karat.Strongly defending the democratic centralism followed by the CPM, Karat said he viewed attacks against the democratic centralism as tribute to it. \"The strength of the CPM is its firm belief in democratic centralism. That makes the party an organisation capable of organising mass strikes. That is why our enemies target the party and attack us for following that style,\" he said. Karat said recently left fellow travelers also began to express suspicion over the democratic centralism style followed by the party.According to him, democratic centralism neither means a democracy without leadership nor means ultra democracy. \"A dialectical intertwining of democracy and centralism is what it means. We have to be on vigil within the party against excessive centralism and limiting of democracy,\" said Karat.\"We need to ensure that there is no lapse in following democratic centralism. We need to improve the quality of party cadres for achieving that. For that, we need to learn lessons from Sundarayya's life,\" said Karat. \"The 12 year tenure of Sundarayya as the general secretary of the CPM taught us how a disciplined party based on democratic centralism could be set up,\" he said.CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan presided over the function. Opposition leader VS Achuthanandan, PB members BV Raghavulu, Kodiyeri Balakrishnan and MA Baby and Dr. VK Ramachandran of Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkatta, presented papers in the seminar. The year long celebrations of Sundarayya birth centenary will see seminars, workshops and exhibitions organized in different cities in the state, said central committee member T.M. Thomas Isaac.Coal mines should remain in public sectorCPM general secretary Prakash Karat said the stand of his party is that coal mines in the country should remain in the public sector. \"Recent dispute over allotment of coal blocks between the Congress and BJP is over the mode of privatization,\" Karat said while inaugurating the birth centenary celebration of Communist leader P Sundarayya here on Wednesday.\"Because of the disruption of Parliament proceedings, we couldn't air our views. The CPM wants the coal blocks to be in the public sector.Both the Congress and BJP, whenever they had been in power, only tried to privatize the sector. The NDA government brought a bill in 2000 to privatize the sector which is still pending at the parliament. It could not be passed as all trade unions in the sector opposed the move,\" said Karat.He added that the central government uses captive mining route to engage private players. According to Karat, the CPM wanted the public sector company Coal India to own all coal fields in the country and allocate coal blocks to private players who are in need, by competitive bidding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273409", "title": "Ahmedabad receives 90.34 mm of rain", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It poured on Monday and Tuesday, flooding the city. While the Western part of the city received the maximum rains in these two days, the eastern parts received the lowest rains.Officials of the Ahmedabad Municipal Control room said that the city has some 15 rain gauges installed in various parts of the city. The city is divided into five zones and the rains are recorded every hour. Records of each individual zone are kept.While the India Meteorological Department has only one rain gauge that is installed at its office near the airport, the revenue department does not have a single one in the city. Officials at the revenue control room said that the state control has over 225 gauges installed at the Mamlatdar office at Taluka head-quarters.\"For the city figures, state control room depends on the corporations,\" said the officials.AMC officials said that areas on the western side of the river received maximum rains. Paldi, Tagore control, Navrangpura, Naranpura and Usmanpura received the maximum rains of nearly 130 mm in two days. But the new areas of Bodakdev, Sarkhej, Kali , Gota among others received over 110 mm of rains.Areas like Nikol, Viratnagar, Bapunagar Gomtipur, Rakhial, Rajpur, Arbudanagar received only 60 mm of rains which was the lowest in two days.Officials said that the two days of rains had a clear pattern and the city was divided into two clear zones. The area from Lambha, Maninagar, Vatva, Indrapuri, Padli, Raikhad, Danilimda, Bodkadev, Vejalpur, Ellisbridge received very heavy rain. Citing example of Monday, the officials said that Bodakdev and Vejalpur received over 130 mm of rains which was the highest of the season so far. Similarly, Vatva and Indrapuri received around 100 mm of rains also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16274073", "title": "CM launches computer education in 500 schools", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar launched computer education and computer-based learning in 500 secondary schools of the state under the 'Information and Communication Technology' (ICT) for Education programme at a felicitation function on Teachers' Day organized by the state education department at SK Memorial Hall on Wednesday.He spoke to the principal and students of a government school in Dhanarua block of Patna district through videoconferencing. The state government plans to cover 1,000 schools under the ICT@school programme in a year.He said the state government launched a pension scheme for contractual teachers with effect from January, 2013.It would benefit over 2.5 lakh teachers. An agreement was signed between UTI and the education department in the CM's presence on the occasion.Under the pension scheme, the contractual teachers will contribute Rs 200 per month with the state government depositing the equal amount in the beneficiary account.Nitish said the state government was in talks with the World Bank to finance the special teachers' training scheme which would cost around Rs 1500-1600 crore.Emphasizing the need to improve the quality of education in Bihar, the CM also announced to revive the Gandhian basic schools in the state. He reiterated the need for educating girls because they, in turn, would educate the entire family. Kumar said every student should learn Urdu since childhood since it is the second state language. \"We need about 27,000 Urdu teachers in the state and special teachers eligibility test (TET) will be held for their recruitment,\" he said.The CM also urged the students to give equal importance to sports. \"We are a big nation, but got only a few medals in Olympics,\" he said.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said not only the government should honour teachers but the students should also respect them. He demanded from the central government to increase funds for education stating that the current allotment was very small.Education minister P K Shahi expressed his concern over low attendance in schools and appealed to parents and panchayati raj representatives to cooperate on this front. Shahi said the number of students had increased manifold in the last seven years and there were about 2 crore students enrolled in the state primary schools. \"Now the condition of secondary and high schools needs to be improved,\" he said.Principal secretary, education department, Amarjeet Sinha threw light on other schemes initiated by the government.They include release of school progress report and student progress report for supportive supervision of schools and students respectively.The CM felicitated six state teachers on the occasion for their contribution to the field of education. They were Shagufta Yasmin, assistant teacher, Panchsheel High School, Kumhrar, Patna, Chandeshwar Kumar of Residential Plus Two School of Sonbarsa, Sitarmarhi, Anil Kumar Prasad, retired assistant teacher, Omar Girls' High School, Begusarai, Archana Dev, in charge, Residential Middle School, Chandi Kathwa, Purnia, Mahesh Prasad Choudhary, in charge, Adarsh Secondary School, Purnia and Bhikhari Mahto, assistant teacher, Sonbarsa, Sitamarhi.District Education officers of Patna, Nalanda and West Champaran were given first, second and third prizes, respectively, for collecting maximum amount for the Teachers Welfare Fund.However, the awardees were unhappy over the facilities in their schools. Talking to TOI, Shagufta Yasmin gave the credit of her success to her school and students but felt sad that her school was being run in a rented building.Chandeshwar Kumar also complained of poor infrastructure at his school while Archana Dev complained of inadequate water supplies at her school and Mahesh Prasad Choudhary said a music teacher was required at his school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273578", "title": "Lucknow low on agenda of tourists visiting UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 'City of Nawabs' is quite low on the agenda of tourists heading to Uttar Pradesh. The fact came to fore from the latest tourist arrival statistics for UP. The figures in the report suggest that majority of both domestic and foreign tourists prefer to visit Agra, Allahabad and Varanasi and don't want to come to Lucknow.Consider this: In 2011-12, more than 1580.6 lakh tourists visited various places in UP. Of them, only 50.7 lakh, including 80,000 foreign tourists, headed for Lucknow region which comprises 18 destinations including Lucknow. Of the total visitors in the region, 41.39 lakh visited Lucknow. Against this, 444 lakh tourists, including a whopping 13.8 lakh foreigners visited the Agra region which comprises 13 destinations including Agra, Mathura, Vrindavan, and Fatehpur Sikri, among others. With 79.65 lakh tourists, Agra of course has the largest share of the pie both in terms of domestic (68.92 lakh) and foreign tourists (10.73 lakh).Allahabad region with 11 destinations including the Sangam City, stood second in terms of overall footfall of 407.4 lakh tourists. But the neighboring Varanasi region saw the second highest number of foreign tourists (6.1 lakh). In the Allahabad region, Allahabad drew maximum visitors (315.6 lakh) followed by Chitrakoot (49.95 lakh). The Varanasi region which includes Varanasi city, Mirzapur and Sarnath besides seven other destinations stood at the fifth place in the state in the overall hierarchy across nine regions. This means that the state has not been able to cash upon the natural potential in the world's oldest city.Faizabad region that includes Ayodhya, birth place of Lord Ram, stood at the third place in the overall list. The region saw 170.8 lakh visitors of whom 121.87 lakh headed to Ayodhya. Twin sites in Barabanki -- Mahadeva temple and Deva Sharif shrine -- saw more than 19.57 lakh visitors. The famous Buddhist site of Shravasti is also a part of this region but it fetched only 2.03 lakh tourists. The site of Garhmukhteshwar and Brajghat (a part of Garhmukhteshwar) helped the Meerut region draw 166.8 lakh tourists. This made the region stand at the fourth position in the overall hierarchy.Gorakhpur region saw the third highest the number foreigners. However, foreign tourists were just a miniscule portion of the total number of tourists who visited places in the region. Of the 107.9 lakh visitors in the Gorakhpur region, only 1.7 lakh were foreigners. Of the foreigners who visited the highest number of 59,005 went to Kushinagar followed by 43,534 went to Sunauli and 33,868 went to Gorakhpur city. The next big chunk of 29,506 went to Kapilvastu's (in Bihar ) kitty. Interestingly, Ballia (20.36 lakh) and Mau (12.65 lakh) stood at the second and third positions in terms of overall visitors heading for destinations in the region. Gorakhpur city (21.96 lakh) is of course bagged the first place in the region.Lucknow got ignored despite its immense potential and focus of the state tourism department. \"UP lacks a brand image and so the potential of places other than natural destinations like Agra and Varanasi goes unnoticed,'' said Prof Manoj Dixit, director, Institute of Tourism Management, UP. Stating that states of Rajasthan, Kerela and Goa are good destinations but UP should take lessons from Madhya Pradesh which has made a giant leap in the recent years, he added that infrastructure is a tragedy in UP. Citing the example of Lucknow Haat, he said, \"It has been more than a decade since the project has risen above the level of an idea.\"Tour operator Pratik Hira agrees attributes the disinterest of tourists to a high traveling time. \"Foreign tourists throng Varanasi and Agra in large numbers. They may be easily diverted to Lucknow too. But tourists drop the idea in wake of time that goes in travelling,'' he said. An hour long air-journey from these places taken in the morning after breakfast to come to Lucknow, site-seeing through the day and departing by late night or next morning can be a good package. \"People from Varanasi still sneak out time for Lucknow because there is air connectivity. But those in Agra rarely think about it,'' said SK Singh, of a travel site.Perceptional negativity as far as the law and order scenario is also a cause of concern. \"In many cities, such as Delhi, the absolute crime rate is higher than that of UP. But their image is better than us. Since travelling is a peaceful activity, the image plays an important role,\" said tour guide based in Agra. \"Tourists ask if it is safe to travel to Lucknow -- the hub of all political activity. What are the chances for petty theft and so on? Some of them keep contact numbers of police and district magistrates handy,'' he added.Representatives of the UP Hotels and Restaurants' Association (UPHRA) blame it on poor packaging of the city. \"Lucknow has all the ingredients to become a hot tourist destination, but it has not been packaged properly. I think luck is not by its side as of now,'' said Aasheesh Srivastava, a conservation architect.Tourists are charmed by Lucknow's rich heritage but do not find the experience comfortable. \"The sector is still extremely unorganized right from sale of tickets to hiring a guide or commuting in the city. I think, if I had not known a friend here, I could not have ventured on my own. You do not know how to go about in the city. The busses are crammed and scary,\" said Rekha Sinha, a researcher from Delhi University who came to Lucknow to study its architecture but returned disappointed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273261", "title": "MPs scuffle in RS over promotion quota bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: First, it was the Lok Sabha which had begun to resemble state assemblies in terms of unseemly episodes. Now, even the Rajya Sabha, the so-called 'House of Elders', seems to be playing catch up; that too aggressively.Competitive quota politics turned ugly on Wednesday when some Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party MPs pushed and shoved each other in Rajya Sabha during the introduction of the contentious Constitution amendment bill to provide reservation in promotion to SC/STs in government jobs.Naresh Aggarwal belonging to Samajwadi Party which is opposed to the \"promotion quota\" and Avtar Singh Karimpuri of BSP which is pressing for early passage of the bill nearly came to blows: an unseemly incident which coming in the middle of shutdown of the two Houses over Coalgate can only fan the gathering doubts about Parliament's effectiveness.Barely had the Upper House reconvened at 12 noon, after an hour-long adjournment over the coal block allocations which have paralysed proceedings for the last 11 days, that the new quota issue set passions ablaze among SP and BSP ranks.As BJP members shouted slogans demanding the PM's resignation over Coalgate, seven SP MPs led by Aggarwal quickly moved into the aisle to protest against the introduction of the Constitution (117th Amendment) Bill that seeks to ensure \"impediment-free reservation in promotions'' for SC/STs.But before they could troop into the well, they were intercepted by Karimpuri. The scuffle that ensued saw Karimpuri grab Aggarwal by his collar in an attempt to drag him back. Aggarwal shoved Karimpuri back amid the melee that continued for a few minutes, even as PM Manmohan Singh and leader of opposition Arun Jaitley watched the depressing spectacle from opposite ends of the floor.With tempers running high, some other BSP members like Brajesh Pathak intervened to hold Karimpuri back, leaving the field open for SP MPs to reach the well and shout slogans. Pressing for a division, they even tried to move towards minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy, who had by then got up to introduce the bill from the treasury benches. But before they could reach him, the bill had been introduced and the House adjourned by deputy chairman P J Kurien.Use of force to settle arguments has been routine in state assemblies which have often resembled battlegrounds, mimicking the parliaments in countries like Taiwan, South Korea and Ukraine where lawmakers have wrestled on the desk and floor like in scenes in Jackie Chan's movies.Lok Sabha has had volatile eruptions too, although it has been lucky to dodge ugly episodes such as those in the 1990s in UP assembly where warring sides hurled microphones they had yanked out from desks at each other.Scuffles of this kind have not been a common sight in Rajya Sabha. A similar physical duel had taken place between Amar Singh , then in SP, and S S Ahluwalia of BJP during UPA-1. Old-timers also remember Ahluwalia in the middle of another big fight with Renuka Choudhary during the eruption of the Bofors scandal in the mid-1980s. Ahluwalia, considered close to the late Rajiv Gandhi , was in the Congress and Choudhary was in Telugu Desam Party .Rajya Sabha had also witnessed high drama in 2010 due to physical opposition by SP member Kamal Akhtar, RJD's Rajneeti Prasad and others -- who had to be moved out of the House by marshals -- to the introduction of the women's reservation bill.Times ViewThis session of Parliament will surely go down as one of the worst in its history. As if losing practically the entire session to disruption was not bad enough, we now have members nearly coming to blows over a piece of legislation. It is particularly tragic that this should happen on a constitutional amendment Bill. The founders of our democracy thought, with good reason, that amending the constitution should be a really serious business, which is why they fixed two-thirds majority as the minimum required to get it done. In contrast, we see today a government that is happy to move such a Bill amidst chaos. And some of those supporting or opposing the Bill would rather use their muscle power than their arguments to settle the issue. If this is how our elected representatives conduct themselves, can they really blame the aam admi for losing his respect for them?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16271405", "title": "IIM-Shillong annual golf tourney on October 6", "text": "SHILLONG: After a resounding success in the previous four seasons, IIM-Shillong is back with Season 5 of its annual golf tournament in association with The Times of India. The event brings corporates and business schools on a common platform to battle it out on the green.\"The first golf tournament organized by any business school in India, this unparalleled concept is entirely a student-driven initiative,\" says a spokesperson of the youngest B-School in the country. Budding managers will draw the battle lines against corporate leaders in the beautiful and serene Shillong Golf Club on October 6 and 7. The IIM Shillong Golf Cup Season 5 was officially launched by Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma on September 3. While interacting with student representatives, he had expressed willingness to associate with the budding leaders of IIM-Shillong in a mutually beneficial partnership. He also announced that Meghalaya tourism department would be the title sponsor for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16276799", "title": "Revealed: Rani Mukerji's first look in 'Aiyya'", "text": "This may well be the actress' zaniest avatar yet; going by TOI's exclusive sneak peek into the promo of Rani's eagerly anticipated film Aiyya that releases today.Draped in a blue chiffon saree with a bonfire as backdrop, Rani reminds you of Sridevi gyrating to the song I love you from Mr India . However, the tad-too-big goggles add a comic twist. Also, a la Madhuri Dixit doing the Maharashtrian lavani in Sailaab, Rani goes the whole nine yards, complete with nose ring and ghungroos. But the not-to-be-missed glares and other paraphernalia is bound to leave the audience in splits.In Aiyya, Rani plays Meenakshi, a simple but crazy Maharashtrian girl who is ready to get married at her family's bidding but can't stop dreaming about a fantasy world.Apart from adding that 'oomph' to her cameo, the actress did extensive research to adapt herself to the role and get used to Maharashtrian culture.She saw a lot of South Indian and Marathi films and spent quality time with Marathi actors to learn the nuances of her part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273634", "title": "Syndicate is anti-social: VC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A lot of noise was created when students' leaders mainly representing the National Students Union of India ( NSUI) and syndicate members of Congress wanted to meet with the newly appointed vice chancellor, Adesh Pal to press for announcement of syndicate elections date.Since there was lot of security, only four members were allowed. When the group demanded that the rest of them also be allowed to make a joint representation, the VC reportedly said that he is not interested in meeting with anti-social elements.\"The VC said that he is not interested in meeting with anti-social syndicate and senate members. This is no way to refer to syndicate and senate members,\" said former syndicate member Himanshu Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16272466", "title": "Ministry of environment and forests gives go-ahead to Adani's expansion plans", "text": "NAGPUR: Going against the concerns expressed by wildlife experts and senior forest officials, the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has granted an in-principle approval to divert 163.84 hectare forest land for the expansion of 3,300 mw thermal power plant of Adani Power Maharashtra Limited (APML) in Tiroda in Gondia district. However, the approval is subject to clearance from the National Board for Wild Life (NBWL).Work on Adani's first phase of two 660 mw units is in final stages. The company needs 163.84 hectare forest land in Garada village for expansion and had applied to the MoEF in 2008 for diversion of the proposed land under the Forest Conservation Act (FCA) 1980.The MoEF approval came in December 9 last year. But it was only a recent letter sent by the state nodal officer to the inspector general of forests in the ministry that the company had complied with several stipulations that brought issue into the open.The letter, which is in TOI's possession, finally goes on to state that as the proposed forest land needed by Adani falls within 10km of the Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary, the final approval will need to come from the NBWL standing committee. It will also require environment clearance from the MoEF.As per the stipulations put forth by the central government, the APML has transferred Rs17.97 crore to Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management and Planning Agency ( CAMPA) towards net present value (NPV), cost of afforestation, survey demarcation and pillars for proposed area, annual lease, cost of medicinal plantation and other works.It includes Rs12.25 crore towards NPV for dry deciduous forest and dense forest land. The Adani has deposited Rs50,000 as the cost of felling trees involved in the project and also approached the high court for granting permission to fell trees.Interestingly, while intimating the IG that Adani has fulfilled the conditions, the state nodal officer has not informed him on the number of trees to be felled in the proposed forest area. \"It only indicates that the NBWL is all set to clear the proposal,\" senior forest officials told TOI.Adani had submitted the forest land diversion proposal to the state government on December 17, 2008. The state had forwarded it to the Centre on February 21, 2009. However, as the proposed forest was close to Nagzira, several mitigation measures were needed to be taken by the project proponent.The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) has already expressed concern over diversion of the forest land as it forms the corridor between Pench-Nagzira-Tadoba.In 2011, the NTCA was to study adverse impacts of gaseous and particulate emissions and additional thermal load from the Adani power plant on the 152 sq km Nagzira, but nothing has been moved on the issue.NTCA member-secretary Rajesh Gopal was unavailable for comments.In 2010, a six-member committee had studied impact of diverting the said land on wildlife and tigers in particular. In its report to the MoEF, the members had opposed diversion of the said land stating the power project will affect wildlife in and around Nagzira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278270", "title": "Bhamaa to romance Diganth", "text": "The actor duo will be seen in a love story called BarfiThe Mollywood import to Sandalwood, actor Bhamaa seems to be on a roll here. The actor, who is two films old in Kannada, has at least five other projects in the pipeline, the latest being director Shekhar's Barfi. Bhamaa, who was in Bahrain recently for a few stage shows, came to the city yesterday to attend the film's muhurat.And while the title of his film is similar to that of an upcoming Bollywood film starring Ranbir Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra and Ileana D'Cruz, director Shekhar says that the similarity ends there.\"My film is not a remake of the Hindi film. Only the title and genre are similar. My film is a romantic drama too,\" says Shekhar, adding that he isn't anticipating any sort of trouble with the makers of the Hindi film over the title. \"Until a few days ago, I was not even aware of another film called Barfi. I have been working on my film for several months and have held this title for four months now,\" he says.But why Bhamaa in his film? \"Bhamaa is currently very popular here. Moreover, we wanted someone who is very cute and can pull off a homely character. She fits the character perfectly,\" says Shekhar, who is heading to Kasargode, Mangalore and several other exotic locations across the country for his film in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277769", "title": "When Ranbir, Kareena, Karisma met mid-air", "text": "They weren't in Dubai for a cousins' getaway but on their way back, bonded big time.Kareena Kapoor was there to promote her much-awaited film Heroine while Ranbir Kapoor was busy celebrating his dad Rishi Kapoor's 60th 'all man' birthday bash, which was also planned by him.While Kareena wasn't part of the party for obvious reasons, she, along with sister Karisma, joined Ranbir on the same flight to Mumbai. Those at the city international airport were treated to a rare sight: the cousins walking out together, engaged in animated conversation.And from what we hear, Ranbir kept Bebo entertained throughout the flight home with... well... all the hot gossips from the industry. Just as well... because they will soon also be seen as reel-life brother and sister, in an upcoming film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273113", "title": "3 students held for vandalism in college", "text": "MUMBAI: Three students affiliated to Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) were arrested for vandalizing property at Jogeshwari's Ismail Yusuf college during a protest against the government over coal scam and Assam violence.The incident took place on Tuesday around 10am. Protesters had gathered outside the college, near Jogeshwari (E) station, for a protest march and were shouting slogans. Later, they entered the campus and damaged a board.\"During the 20 minutes of their protest, the members broke a notice board.They did not have the permission to hold a protest,\" said a police official. ABVP activists claimed that they managed to shut down the college. However, college authorities said sessions were not interrupted. \"They disrupted college activities but classes were unaffected. The protestors did not assault any student or college staffer. However,One of the protesters tried to break a glass notice board. He injured his arm. The police took them away,\" said Ramdas Atram, college principal.The accused were booked for unlawful assembly, rioting and trespassing and are in police custody till September 10.Raju Chauhan from the state ABVP unit told TOI: \"We had planned to shut down 11 colleges in Mumbai and we were successful. The protest took place between 11am to 4pm.\"The Jogeshwari police on Tuesday arrested three students affiliated to Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) for vandalizm at the Ismail Yusuf college campus.ABVP carried out a nationwide agitation to protest against the Coalgate scam and Assam Violence on Tuesday. A section of ABVP protestors gathered near the Ismail Yusuf college, near Jogeshwari east station, for a protest march and began to shout slogans. They eventually entered the college campus, around 10 am, and damaged some of the property.\"During the 20 minutes of their protest, ABVP members broke a notice board. They had not sought permission for the agitation,\" said a police official. While activists from ABVP claimed that they managed to shut down the campus, the college authorities claimed that the sessions were not interrupted. \"Activists of the students' union did disrupt activities, but classes remained unaffected. The protestors did not assault any student nor any college staffer. However, one of them tried to break the glass notice board and was hurt. His arm started bleeding and then the cops took them away,\" said Ramdas Atram, the principal of the college said.The accused were booked for unlawful assembly, rioting and trespassing. They were produced before a metropolitan court and have been remanded to police custody till September 10.Raju Chauhan, from the state ABVP unit, told TOI, \"We had planned to shut down 11 colleges in Mumbai and we were successful. The campaign was on between 11 am to 4 pm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16273063", "title": "Youth ends life as stir against Indiabulls takes serious turn", "text": "AMRAVATI: A tea kiosk owner, who had approached cops to seek their help to clear the Wagholi-Kapustalni road closed by employees of Sophia Thermal Power Company of Indiabulls, committed suicide by consuming poison after he was allegedly insulted by additional superintendent of police Avinash Bargal on Monday morning.The construction of Sophia project of Indiabulls is in progress at Nandgaon Peth MIDC area. The problem started when the employees started erecting a wall between the project site and Wagholi village. As Wagholi-Kapustalni was the only convenient road for commuting for villagers, they took an objection and staged an agitation before the collector's office on Monday evening, demanding opening of the road bordering Wagholi which passes through the company area.Employees of Indiabulls had ransacked the tea kiosk run by Pankaj Khandare. When Khandare approached Bargal to lodge a complaint, he allegedly slapped him. Feeling insulted, Khandare ended life by consuming poison. Police had detained eight persons, including a woman, and released them later.Dipak Khadse, a villager and an eye-witness said, \"Khandare approached Bargal and started narrating his plight after his shop was ransacked by the company employees. Instead of listening to him, Bargal slapped him. An upset Khandare told Bargal that he had left him no option than to commit suicide. To this, Bargal said he can do whatever he wanted,\" Khadse said. Khandare then committed suicide. When contacted for his comment on Wednesday, Bargal said he was busy in a meeting.Gram Panchayat secretary Ajay Pawde said a special meeting of the gram sabha held in the village decided not to hand over road to the company. The road belonged to the zilla parishad and no-objection certificate was not taken by the company to deny villagers permission to pass through it, Pawde said. Though the company has constructed a new road, it is almost 12km away from the village and is not convenient, he said.A villager said, \"We are poor farmers and eke out our living by farming. Wagholi-Kapustalni road is very convenient for commuting from our farm to the village. Complaining to the police is futile as they are hand-in-glove with the company officials,\" the villager said.Villagers told collector Rahul Mahiwal and superintendent of police Viresh Prabhu that the police had brutally thrashed Charan Chavan and Dhanraj Ugale. They said the police are suppressing the voice of villagers. Hundreds of villagers staged a 'thiyya' agitation near the district collectorate on Monday and demanded action against police officials. They also wanted to clear the road closed by Indiabulls.Considering the seriousness of the situation, MLAs Ravi Rana and Raosaheb Shekhawat and SP Prabhu rushed to the collectorate and convened a meeting. Tiwsa MLA Yashomati Thakur is out of station. Hence Mahiwal urged the villagers to wait for two days till she arrives, but they rejected the plea.Sharad Kinkar, director (administration) Indiabulls, Amravati, rejected the allegations levelled against the company. He said MIDC had handed over to the company 1,350 acre land and the road in dispute was part of it. He said it was made it clear while signing the treaty with MIDC that the company would close the road after an alternative arrangement was made for the villagers. As an alternate arrangement had been made, the company closed the existing road used by villagers for safety purpose, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273692", "title": "Firms flout revival package norms", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is planning to tighten its noose on industries that were allowed to sub-lease a part of their compound for real estate as part of a revival plan.The industrial sub-committee, in its meeting on Wednesday, examined the terms of the lease permission and it may showcause some of the companies that are yet to comply with the conditions laid down in the agreement during the Left Front regime. The industrial sub-committee will place its views before chief minister Mamata Banerjee for her decision.However, state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee was not present in the meeting, which was attended by panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee and labour minister Purnendu Bose at the Writers' Buildings.Hindustan Motors (HM) is a case in point, said Bose. The Left Front government had allowed the company to lease out 314 acres of its Uttarpara unit. The government order was issued by land and land reforms department on September 13, 2006. According to the order, Rs 85 crore was earmarked for rejuvenation of the Uttarpara plant. \"It was allowed to sell the land for rejuvenation of the plant only. The amount earmarked for this was Rs 85 crore, but they have realized much more than that,\" a state official had earlier said.However, it was found that the automaker reportedly mopped up much more than the proposed revival package by leasing out the land to Bengal Shriram, which was supposed to use this land for residential apartments and IT park. The government now wants HM to pay back Rs 200 crore, the additional amount it netted through the lease apart from the Rs 85-crore revival package.State labour minister said that the government should realize the amount from Bengal Shriram in case Hindustan Motors fails to pay up. However, the process is quite complicated. Bengal Shriram's work has got stuck and Bose hinted that the necessary clearances for subsequent construction would be available if this pending bill is cleared. \"The legal matters will continue on its own course,\" Bose said.Similarly, the committee maintains that the promoters of the Bata land in Budge Budge is yet to fulfil their corporate social responsibilities such as setting up school and hospital, as per the agreement. According to the labour minister, the Left Front government had not made too much noise about it. \"However, we will ask them to fulfil this commitment and keep 40 acres as guarantee,\" Bose said.Ministers and state officials present in the meeting also took note of the fact that some others have also flouted conditions of the agreement during the Left Front government's tenure. They also found to their dismay that few areements are faulty. \"It was discussed as to what could be done to regularise the complaints of irregularities against these companies. The companies may be asked to pay their dues to the government,\" said a government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16271882", "title": "Courier agent robbed of 22 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: Two unidentified persons on Wednesday reportedly abducted a 26-year-old man, Sanjay Thakur, in Kalbadevi and then threw him out of a moving car after robbing him of Rs 22 lakh. The incident occurred around 3 pm near Surti Hotel in Kalbadevi, said the LT Marg police.Cops learnt about the incident after receiving a call from JJ Hospital saying that locals had brought in Sanjay Thakur a man with severe stab injuries suffered in sharp weapon attack. \"Thakur is an employee of an angadia (courier) firm. He was carrying Rs 22 lakh, which he had collected from a firm, and was on his way to deposit it at his Opera House office at the time of the incident,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone II) Nisar Tamboli.The incident occurred when Thakur and three of his colleagues, all employed with the same angadia firm, were walking to their office carrying a large amount of money from a customer at Zaveri Bazaar.\"I was walking a little distance behind my colleagues when a car stopped near me at Dhanji Street. Some men forced me to sit in the car and drove to Bori Chawl, where they threatened me at knife-point,\" Thakur told the police.After snatching the bag containing the cash, the abductors attacked Thakur with sharp weapons before throwing him out of the vehicle. \"Passersby saw Thakur being thrown out of the vehicle and rushed to his rescue. The abductors manaed to escape,\" an LT Marg police officer said. Thakur's colleagues, meanwhile, said they were unaware about his abduction. The four of them, including Thakur, were carrying Rs 77 lakh. \"Thakur's colleagues claimed that they went walking ahead and did not notice when he was abducted. We are verifying all angles. At present a case of robbery has been registered against the unidentified people,\" said Tamboli.Thakur condition is stable. On learning about the incident the L T Marg police and sleuths from the crime branch's rushed to the spot. \"Police are questioning some office staffers of the angadia firm as well as that of the person from where the victim collected the cash. Also we are going through the closed circuit television (CCTV) record that has been recovered from the spot where the incident occurred,\" said the investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278220", "title": "Research and health endeavour between Australia and India", "text": "Peter Verghese, Australian high commissioner to India, initiated a milestone research and health endeavour between Australia and India. Approximately Rs 148 million ($ AUD 2.6 million) partnership was sealed. Australia's Queensland University of Technology (QUT) and the Biotechnology Industry Research Assistance Council (BIRAC), Department of Biotechnology Growth of India entered the pact to combat deficiency anaemia, a major cause of maternal death during childbirth. On behalf of QUT and the Department of Biotechnology's BIRAC, the agreement was signed in India.QUT's Centre for Tropical Crops and Biocommodities director, Professor James Dale and Dr Rakesh Tuli of the National Agri-Food Biotechnology Institute will together lead the project to ensure production and development of iron-rich bananas. Other partners include the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, National Research Centre for Bananas, Tamil Nadu Agricultural University and the Indian Institute of Horticulture Research.Verghese stated, \"Australia is delighted to be associated with such an important project that would help prevent avoidable maternal mortality in India. \"This is a significant step forward in addressing a major health issue in India's nutrition deficient population,\" said Dr Renu Swarup, managing director, BIRAC, Department of Biotechnology, government of India.BIRAC is providing Australian $1.2 million (Rs 68 million) to QUT and another Australian $1.4 million (Rs 80 million) towards the cost of the Indian component of the programme. As this is the first technology transfer agreement, the Indian government has entered into with an international organisation in the field of biotechnology, Professor Dale said QUT felt privileged to enter into the agreement with India.He said the Indian banana project would involve an initial four-year development phase and it would then take another four to five years to prepare the bananas for release to Indian farmers. \"Iron deficiency causes particular problems for pregnant women and is one of the major causes of maternal death during child birth,\" he added.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "the indian institutes of management on september 3 announced that the cat 2012 registration &amp; scheduling window will close at 11", "code": "16278600", "title": "CAT 2102 registration last date declared", "text": "The Indian Institutes of Management on September 3 announced that the CAT 2012 registration &amp; scheduling window will close at 11:59pm on Wednesday, September 19, 2012. Voucher sales will end on Monday, September 17, 2012. Prometric, a provider of test development and test delivery solutions is IIMs' partner in developing and delivering CAT 2012.Registrations for CAT 2012 began on July 30 and like previous years since its conversion to computer-based testing, candidates have been scheduling their online tests based on their preferred choice of location, date and time. New Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai and Pune are the top cities in terms of the highest numbers of scheduled tests. The current registration trend also indicates a slightly higher percentage of female candidates this year. Final registration data will only be released after the close of the registration &amp; scheduling window.\"The registration process is going well so far,\" said Professor SSS Kumar, CAT 2012 convenor. \"It is encouraging to see more females coming forward this year to challenge their male counterparts in gaining admission to the IIMs.\"For more details on CAT 2012, including videos on the registration and scheduling process, as well as test day procedures, please refer to www.catiim.in.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16274102", "title": "Lord Meghnad Desai: Nalanad University to be the best university of 21st century", "text": "PATNA: London School of Economics's Professor Emeritus Lord Meghnad Desai was in the city on Wednesday to deliver a talk on 'The Bhagavad Gita: A secular inquiry into a sacred text' as part of a Distinguished Lecture Series organized by upcoming Nalanda University (NU). Also a member of the NU's governing board, he talked to TOI about his vision of the university, the 'global' tag it has and his fondness for novel writing. Excerpts:Have you visited the NU site?Yes... quite a number of times as a member of the varsity's governing board. The archeological site has been well preserved.How do you visualize the future of NU?We have planned to give it the shape of a distinctive campus for postgraduate studies. It will surely come up as one of the best universities of the 21st century. It will be a multimedia university equipped with a multimedia library.Don't you think that Bihar lacks proper infrastructure to accommodate such a mega plan?It's all about imagination. If the imagination is properly executed, infrastructure will automatically follow. The plan is to design and develop a mini town which will have schools and hospitals. An international jury will choose the designers and developers from across the globe to construct the structures on the varsity campus.It seems to be a long-term project. When will it take the final shape?The problem with the people is that they want more and they also want everything quick. The Nalanda University Act is only few months old and things have been moving fast and in the right direction. Had it been a private university, we would have wrapped everything by now. But it is going to be a global university... we cannot make mistakes... it will take time. History and Environment will probably be taught from next September.In a country like India where there is reservation even in buses, you are unveiling a university sans quota. Why?It is not another university in the list of existing Indian universities. NU is actually a global university meant for students all over the world. We want our students to be qualified, and those who are qualified do not need quota.You are also known for writing novels. What was your last novel about?It was a thriller titled 'Dead On Time', which is about the politics in the UK. And my latest book is 'The Rediscovery of India'.Are more books on the cards?Yes. One is about Hindi movie 'Pakeezah' and the other on Bhagavad Gita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16275417", "title": "Kerala police arrests trader for theft", "text": "LUDHIANA: A team of Kerala police, led by sub-inspector R Karthikeyan, formally arrested the co-owner of a city-based logistics firm who is lodged in Ludhiana central jail. Gurmeet Singh is accused of involvement in a theft of 16,000kg rubber sheets worth Rs 39.6 lakh from Kottayam, Kerala.He was arrested by Division no. 6 police station in a similar theft case a few months ago. The Kerala police team will also visit Himachal Pradesh and Haryana to investigate this case.Karthikeyan said they have been looking for Gurmeet since 2011, when his truck carrying paint towards Kerala was hired by a tyre manufacturing firm, to deliver rubber sheets to their unit in Nasik, Maharashtra. \"The tyre firm registered a case against Gurmeet Singh at Kaduthureethy police station in Kottayam when their goods went missing,\" said the sub-inspector.Kerala police personnel on Wednesday arrested a city-based trader for theft of rubber sheets reportedly amounting to Rs 39 lakh. Gurmeet Singh, who was arrested by Ludhiana police in a similar case, was lodged in central jail in the city.Kerala police got information about Gurmeet's arrest in the city and came here to take him on production warrants after a formal arrest, which was done on Wednesday. \"We will get a production warrant from our court to produce him in this theft case,\" said Karthikeyan.Kerala cops' initial probe has revealed that the registration number of truck carrying rubber sheets was fake, but they traced the correct one later. Gurmeet is a suspect in three more criminal cases in Kerala, said Karthikeyan. Assistant sub-inspector of Division No. 6 Tarlok Chand said they had arrested Gurmeet a couple of months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16274707", "title": "SCB to open special wards on Friday", "text": "CUTTACK: Dengue and swine flu wards will start functioning at SCB Medical College and Hospital from Friday. The 21-bed swine flu ward will be opened in the second floor of the trauma care unit, while dengue ward will have 30 beds. \"The swine flu ward will start functioning from Friday,\" said Girish S N, the Cuttack collector.Five ICU beds, equipped with ventilators and life-saving drugs, have been kept ready to accommodate critical swine flu patients. Two medical teams comprising doctors and nurses have also been formed to handle dengue and swine flu wards.\"We have installed ventilators and other necessary equipment in the ICU. Two medical teams comprising medicine specialist and doctors of allied departments have been formed to take care of dengue and swine flu patients,\" said the emergency officer of SCB hospital.Till now, the hospital has not received any swine flu case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16273411", "title": "Consultant's lax approach flayed in Ranchi master plan meeting", "text": "RANCHI: Consultancy company Feedback has come in for criticism from town planning experts, infrastructure development companies and government officials for its half-hearted approach on preparing the master plan for the state capital.A meeting was called by the state urban development department and the Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) which was attended by director census operations Sunil Kumar Barnwal, deputy commissioner of Ranchi Vinay Choubey, deputy mayor Ajay Nath Shahdeo and other senior officers. Almost everyone present in the first interactive meeting criticized the consultants for not doing a detailed study of the town.While an officer from the Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco) pointed out the fault in drainage system, deputy chief executive officer of the RMC Gopalji Tiwary challenged the number of slums pointed out in the master plan. \"Your team has not done the basic survey before making the draft master plan. You have just picked up the number from the official document of the Union urban development department which is not correct,\" said Tiwary.The consultant admitted that they had not done the survey. \"This is just a draft report and we will make necessary inclusions to address the concerns raised by the participants during the discussion,\" said an official of the consultancy firm.Town planning experts further pointed out that the plan of constructing an inner ring road in a densely populated city like Ranchi was not viable. \"The city is already congested and the roads are very narrow. If we think of making an inner ring road, the dream of a planned city will never become a reality. Instead of trying to make changes within the city, the concentration should be on developing colonies along the under construction ring road,\" said a town planner.The deputy mayor suggested to the consultant to include details on water supply system for the city so that the proposed master plan which aims to cover basic need till 2037 do not fall flat. \"We have very poor experience of the past and our last master plan of 1983 failed miserably because of basic loopholes. My request is that all those mistakes should be rectified,\" said the deputy mayor adding that the consultant should also include New Ranchi area in the master plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16274562", "title": "Mother denied pension benefits gets HC relief", "text": "CHENNAI: Is a mother not a 'family', so as to claim the pension benefits of her unmarried son who died while in service?Mother is not covered by the definition for 'family, claimed the Chennai Port Trust, receiving a disapproval from the Madras high court.Justice D Hariparanthaman, pointing out that courts have come to the aid of parents while ordering family pension, said: \"Providing for pension in the family pension schemes is a piece of welfare legislation and it aims to achieve the object of giving the financial protection to the helpless parents of the deceased employee.\"The matter relates to a writ petition filed by Mariammal, whose son E Ravikumar was working as mazdoor in the Chennai Port Trust for about 20 years, till his death on December 1, 2006. Ravikumar was unmarried and he was survived by his mother Mariammal, who had no other support. Though all the benefits payable for the service of Ravikumar were given to her, the management did not give her pension and related arrears.Opposing pension to her, the port trust told the high court that the Chennai Port Trust (Pension) Regulations, 1987 had no provision for pension to parents of the deceased employee. Citing Chapter X which deals with family pension, it said, \"mother is excluded in the definition of family.\"Elaborating, it said that for the purpose of payment of family pension, a family would mean wife in the case of male employee and husband in the case of female employee, and son if he has not attained 21 years, and daughter if she is unmarried and has not attained 24 years. Hence, Mariammal being the mother of the deceased Ravikumar, she is not entitled to the pension, the port trust contended.Pointing out that Ravikumar was maintaining his aged mother, the judge said, \"I am of the view that Mariammal, being the mother of the deceased employee, is entitled to family pension and there is no justification on the part of the port trust in denying it to her.\" He then asked the Chennai Port Trust to pay pension and arrears to her within six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16274170", "title": "Maharashtra CM\u2019s remark irresponsible: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Making light of the 'inflammatory' statements issued by someone (Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray) sitting in Mumbai and 'irresponsible' statement of Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar countered them with the statement of Maharashtra home minister R R Patil who admitted lapse on the part of his police in picking up an accused person from Bihar without informing the local police.\"Now it has become a tradition to speak without applying one's mind. Before saying anything, he (Chavan) should have seen the papers. Two CMs need not speak via the media. Instead, he should have asked his police commissioner to reply to the letter written by our DGP,\" Nitish said on Wednesday while reacting to Chavan's statement that Mumbai police was within its rights to arrest a wanted person from Bihar and that Bihar was not a foreign territory.\"The police of any state has the right to go to any place and arrest the wanted elements without any hitch, but there are certain rules and laws. They should inform the local police and seek their cooperation. Otherwise, there could be rumours that the person was kidnapped, leading to law and order problem. If the local police are not informed, there could be some untoward incidents,\" Nitish said.Patil admitted in Mumbai on Tuesday that the Mumbai police should have informed the Sitamarhi police in Bihar from where Abdul Qadir Ansari, a teenager involved in vandalizing the Amar Jawan Memorial at Azad Maidan in Mumbai on August 11, was arrested. If the information had been given, this controversy would not have arisen, Patil, who belongs to NCP had said.Nitish made fun of Uddhav Thackeray's statement that if he continued pursuing this type of politics, the Sena would not support him for the PM's post. \"I don't know in which world these people live. Who is the candidate and who is seeking their support,\" he remarked, taking a dig at the Sena leader. In the same breath, he said he was pained to see the statement of minister Bhim Singh a few days back seeking BJP's support to project him as PM and expressed his anguish to him.Nitish said he had never dreamt that he could become an MLA, MP, minister or chief minister when he joined politics. But he believed in linking politics with responsibility and working with honesty and dedication.What peeved Nitish the most was that when his DGP wrote a letter to Mumbai police commissioner ; instead, it was MNS chief Raj Thackeray who took up the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272517", "title": "Court tells Delhi Jal Board to check water supply to South Extension", "text": "NEW DELHI: Residents of Delhi facing the problem of contaminated drinking water might soon get some relief.The Delhi high court on Wednesday directed Delhi Jal Board to conduct quality checks on the water supplied to residents of South Extension.\"You are playing with the lives of thousands of citizens!\" an anguished division bench comprising Justice S K Kaul and Justice Vipin Sanghi observed and gave 15 days' time to DJB to report on the levels of contamination found in drinking water and come up with remedial measures.HC took up the case suo motu on a letter sent to it by RWA of NDSE Part 1 complaining that 90% of the water is contaminated. The letter had also informed the court about the dismal condition of the colony due to open sewers and more than 50-year-old pipes because of which sewer gets mixed with drinking water, leading to diseases.\"The officials of Delhi Jal Board (DJB) and the chief engineer of the South corporation are directed to go to the site at 5.30pm tomorrow (Thursday) and at 9.30am the day after to collect water samples and send them for test,\" the bench said. It asked the authorities to file the test report within two weeks after getting the water tested.The court further asked the DJB official present in the court to inform it about the mechanism the agency has adopted for periodic checks of water in the area.The residents, some of whom were present in court on Wednesday, told HC that the sewage gets spilled onto the roads and despite writing repeated letters to DJB, including its CEO, there has been no response, much less any action. \"This is completely unacceptable, we have no trust left in you,\" an anguished bench remarked after hearing a litany of grievances. It even asked the DJB CEO to appear in person for an explanation but was told by its counsel she was in the Legislative Assembly. The court then made it clear to the DJB it expects problem of the residents to be resolved.Meanwhile, the Delhi government informed HC it has constituted a 15-member coordination committee to find \"short and long term\" solutions to the problem of waterlogging in the capital.\"The coordination committee, headed by the chief secretary of Delhi government, comprises heads of trifurcated MCD, NDMC, and other civic bodies to look into the issue of waterlogging,\" Najmi Waziri, counsel for the city government, told the bench, which then asked the government to file a report before October 9, the next date of hearing, giving details of the outcome of its meeting and possible actions to be taken solve the problems.The government's decision came in the wake of an earlier court order asking it to form a committee of senior officers to evolve a mechanism to desilt drains to prevent waterlogging during the monsoon.The court was hearing a batch of petitions highlighting problems, including waterlogging, faulty drainage system and contaminated water supply.Earlier, the court had asked the city government to form a committee to evolve a mechanism to prevent waterlogging. It had also directed the officials to take steps to end the problem of waterlogging in the capital within 15 days.One of the petitions had claimed MCD and PWD have done nothing significant after 1998 to properly desilt drains and this was causing waterlogging on major roads even after the slightest of rain.Giving a list of 41 waterlogging-prone areas here, the petition referred to a response received under RTI, and said the affected areas included Ashram Chowk, South Extension Part-I, Mathura Road, ISBT Kashmere Gate, RTR Marg near Moti Bagh flyover, Siri Fort Road, Dhaula Kuan underpass and underpasses around Dwarka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273751", "title": "State hopes to overcome rain deficit", "text": "KOLKATA: The city finally got a taste of real monsoon after a prolonged dry spell. It drizzled throughout Wednesday, thanks to an unusually long low-pressure trough that now stretches from Rajasthan to West Bengal. It extends till the Digha coast and will lead to further rainfall in south Bengal, which is now set to overcome the 22% rain deficit that it has had so far this season, according to the weather office. The showers will continue in Kolkata, but north Bengal, which had a good monsoon, will now receive more rainfall as the trough is set to move north from Thursday morning. Kolkata received 86 mm of rain till Wednesday evening.\"We have a long monsoon trough which will remain active till Thursday. It will cause moderate to heavy rainfall in Gangetic Bengal. This zone has been deprived this season. The rain deficit now stands at 22%. If it rains for another 24 hours, it will come down to zero,\" said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director, metereology.A low-pressure trough is an elongated region of relatively low atmospheric pressure. It generally moves slowly and causes heavy rainfall in areas that it passes through. It's common in monsoon. The existing one is unusually deep and has enough strength to cause more heavy showers, the Met office said.\"It's a thin line that connects adjoining low-pressure areas and could extend for hundreds of kilometres,\" explained Pradhan.Weathermen were optimistic that the rain deficit will now come down. It had scaled down to 17% by Wednesday evening. If the showers persisted till Thursday morning, the deficit will be wiped out, they said. \"A deficit of up to 10% is considered normal. But this time we have been lagging far behind. The showers have now made it possible to catch up. If it continues to rain in September, we might even end up having more rain than normal. We are keeping our fingers crossed,\" added Pradhan.Meanwhile, the low-pressure zone along Odisha coast that triggered heavy showers on Wednesday moved towards Chattisgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "charlotte, north carolina", "code": "16275061", "title": "US 'absolutely' better off than 4 years ago: Obama", "text": "CHARLOTTE, NORTH CAROLINA: US President Barack Obama on Wednesday sought to draw a line under the question of whether Americans are better off than they were four years ago, asserting the answer is \"absolutely.\"Obama's campaign has stumbled when faced with the classic US election question, trying to balance the need to convey progress with the knowledge that many are still suffering from the after-effects of the Great Recession.\"We are absolutely better off than we were when I was sworn in and we were losing 800,000 jobs in a month,\" he told media in the battleground state of Virginia as he prepared for his big convention speech in Charlotte, North Carolina.Republicans have asked the question relentlessly since the weekend when it elicited a dizzying array of responses from Obama's allies, first \"no\" then \"sort of\" and finally \"absolutely.\"With fewer than nine weeks to go until Americans go to the polls, the president is still struggling to break the deadlock with Republican rival Mitt Romney .Obama also told NBC 12 in Richmond, Virginia that he somewhat regretted telling business leaders \"you didn't build that.\"The line, which tried to convey the idea that even successful businesses depend on roads and other infrastructure built by government and others, was pounced on by Republicans as evidence that Obama does not get the free market.\"Obviously, I have regrets for my syntax,\" the president said. \"But not for the point, because everyone who was there watching knows exactly what I was saying.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16273399", "title": "Skill training for local artists", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: An inclusive and sustainable programme aimed to economically empower village tribal women is going on in Seraikela-Kharswan district to transform the artisans into modern-day artists equipped with contemporary art skills.The conventional women artisans of Keptunga village at Nimdih block and Kotajhar and Padamjhar villages in Maklakocha in the foothills of the Dalma forest are actively undergoing the training imparted by the forest department in manufacturing quality artifacts.\"The ongoing training is part of the Integrated Action Plan (IAP) of the department aimed at improving the economic condition of the local village women through value addition to the forest products,\" said divisional forest officer of the district A T Mishra. About 40 women artisans, including several school dropouts who are being trained in producing artifacts made of dry grass, had recently been to Delhi for a training in the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT).\"The purpose behind sending the artisans to NIFT was to provide them an exposure to the contemporary world of fashion and designing,\" said the DFO. A senior faculty member in the district imparting training to the artisans at village level said the Delhi visit was productive. \"Not only did they learn the methods of adding new dimension to the conventional varieties, the artisans also learnt wide range of techniques in producing artifacts of dry grass and wood during their sting in the NIFT,\" said the faculty member. The training of the current batch is likely to run beyond the three-month course schedule as a few of the artisans are yet to learn the ropes of manufacturing the modern day edition of the art pieces. \"The purpose of IAP training programme is not just to upgrade the skills of the artisans but also to bring them close to the urban artisans as far as skill is concernedand therefore we are imparting comprehensive training to the candidates,\" said a source adding that the training that was supposed to end mid-September shall be extended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16273950", "title": "Ministry of environment and forests team prefers locals over govt guides", "text": "PANAJI: A team of eight officials from Bangalore regional and zonal offices of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and the central pollution control board (CPCB) inspected 16 mines in south Goa to ascertain whether mining dumps are being cleared in the state.Arriving on Wednesday, four MoEF officials and an identical number from CPCB's zonal office broke into four teams, comprising two each, and branched out in various directions.Government sources confirmed the inspections and said the team didn't show interest in taking state government officials as guides, but went with local persons. \"On Thursday, the teams will visit mines in north Goa,\" sources added.Recently, MoEF's Bangalore regional office chief conservator of forests had conducted an inspection on similar lines in Goa.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has alleged that the MoEF officials visit was prompted by ulterior motives. \"Some MoEF officials are involved in irregularities while issuing environmental clearances and they have come to Goa to cover up their mistakes,\" Parrikar said.He had written to MoEF, stating that Goa officers had found irregularities in some clearances issued by MoEF officials and any of them involved in irregularities will face action. Parrikar said options to initiate an inquiry are being studied.Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan is expected to follow the MoEF team to Goa on Tuesday.She had stated that her ministry had asked its regional office and zonal office of CPCB at Bangalore to undertake a comprehensive inspection of mining dumps in the state. Natarajan has passed the order after it came to the ministry's notice that exports of low grade ore from dumps was being carried from the state without the requisite MoEF environment clearance (EC).The minister further said MoEF's EC to mining projects did not include dump mining within its scope. As such, any change in the scope of the project amounts to the violation of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986. MoEF has asked the state government to take necessary action to stop all such mining activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278135", "title": "National-level quizzing event \u2018inQUIZiton\u2019 held", "text": "The Indian Institute of Foreign Trade Kolkata, in association with The Times of India, held its annual national-level quizzing event 'inQUIZiton' on August 18 at the Kalamandir auditorium; continuing with its aim of becoming the most exciting B-school quizzing event in the intellectual capital of the country and raising the standards year after year.Joy Bhattacharya, founder and director of Kolkata Knight Riders was the quizmaster for the event. He mentioned, \"I think inQUIZition is a fabulous concept with online prelims, which is like a national activity. Moreover, it is not a test for knowledge; it is more like a mind sport without any pretension.\"There were quite a number of institutes that participated in the competition and some of them were Indian Institute of Management (IIM) -Ranchi and Kolkata, Jadavpur University, Xavier Institute of Labour Relations (XLRI) -Jamshedpur, St Xavier's College, Indian School of Mines (Dhanbad), IIFT, Presidency to name a few.Pallavi Sengupta, a third year Xaverian pursuing Political Science said, \"I absolutely love Joy Bhattacharya's quizzes and I am eagerly looking forward to this event to gain lots of information and have a wonderful experience.\"After an extensive hour of brain cells charging, XLRI emerged victorious and defeated Presidency by a close margin of five points. There was a tie in between St Xavier's and IIM (Ranchi) for the third place.Suraj Menon and Somak Roy were the winning duo from XLRI. They both shared their moment of glory by stating, \"Firstly, Joy Bhattacharya was a great motivation to participate in the quiz and in addition to that, visiting Kolkata is always a pleasure. Also, victory is precious but the most thrilling part is the participation.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277757", "title": "A tryst with Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012", "text": "On Thursday afternoon, the freshers of Presidency University were bubbling with enthusiasm. And why not? A tryst with Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012 happens only once a year!The queue at the registration counter seemed never-ending. After all, two girls might also get a chance to become the face of Clean &amp; Clear. Emcee Sidhu was all geared up to break the ice as contestants came up on stage to introduce themselves. \"I must admit that I had spent more of my college days here rather than in my own college. Promodda's canteen is where we used to have hour-long adda sessions,\" said Sidhu, sounding nostalgic.Bubblies Uncorked: It's not that Presi students are studious and only glued to books. They know how to have fun too. Sanchari Nandi said that she still loves to live in her dream world. She read out poems penned by herself. ReshmiDani rocked the floor with her moves. The surname 'Dani' struck Sidhu and he asked her if Reshmi is linked to cricketer Rajesh Dani. \"Rajesh Dani is my father. But I am hardly a sportsperson like him,\" smiled Reshmi.Winner Takes All: Actor Nusrat Jahan and singer Upal, the two judges for the afternoon, had a gala time. \"The place is a powerhouse of talent and I am elated to see so many enthusiastic participants,\" said Upal. The boys couldn't stop posing beside the gorgeous Nusrat to get clicked. \"I want to go back to my college days and take part in this contest,\" laughed the actor. Atisha Sunar, who took everyone's breath away when she danced to Hips don't lie, played by DJ Rinky, was declared the winner. Archie Nandi's marvellous one-act play made her the first runner-up. Pragya Sancheti was adjudged the second runner-up for her terrific dance moves. Among the boys, Aritro Mukherjee, who played the violin, was declared the winner. Penzhe W Bhutia's singing got him the first runner-up's title while Srijeet Bhattacharjee was adjudged the second runner-up for his melodious voice. To know more about the event, log on to itimes.com/freshface today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16273034", "title": "Monsoon recedes in the state", "text": "JAIPUR: The south west monsoon that has wreaked havoc in the eastern and northern parts of the state has receded on Wednesday when only few places received only mild to moderate showers. At Chabra village of Baran district, three children crossing a rain fed river were swept away. Two of the children were recovered but one of them could not be saved.Alwar and Ajmer had though received maximum rainfall, experienced only slight rains on Tuesday which actually accelerated the relief work at several places.Life is limping back to normal in Alwar where the water level from various villages under Tapukada tehsil receded. People who were evacuated from their houses started returning. \"There were still many people in the relief camp, where we have provided food,\" said an officer of the Alwar district collectorate.In Ajmer, many low-lying colonies heaved a sigh of relief as no rain were recorded in the city on Wednesday. At many areas were roads were damaged, officials of the municipal corporation, Ajmer undertook repair work and cleaning of drainage across the city.Jaipurities who had to face a tough spell of rain in past fortnight woke up to a dense cloud cover; however except for drizzles in some parts of the city, there was no heavy downpour. Efforts to flush out water by the administration from several low-lying areas were on. At some of the busiest city roads, the repair work of potholes was also been undertaken.The Met office in its forecast said the monsoon is not yet over in Rajasthan as mild to moderate showers will be witnessed at many places in northern and eastern parts of the state in the next 24 hours.Sriganganagar received the highest rainfall of nearly 100 mm on Wednesday due to which normal life and vehicular traffic were affected. Since the district and nearby villages have parched land, apart from some low lying areas, farmers welcomed the rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16275439", "title": "Encroachment eats into canal", "text": "Mysore: The famous Kukkarahalli lake, the picturesque beauty of which has inspired many writers to pen poetry, may soon just remain alive only in verse. For, the lake is on the verge of drying up, with its only source of water -the historic Dewan Poornaiah canal - itself on its last legs. Years of rampant encroachment on the canal, which feeds water to the lake, have now simply removed the water body off the map. The encroachment became complete on Tuesday, with a private institution filling the canal and levelling it, besides planting coconut saplings on the encroached land. The Putteeramma Trust, which runs a school for the differently abled, has over the years allegedly encroached upon the 100-ft wide canal and built structures for the school. Started 10 years ago, the school has extended its borders slowly by encroaching upon the remaining piece of the canal stretching south to north from the school border till the bridge on Gaddige Road near the All India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH). For a fortnight, bulldozers, dredging machines and an army of workers were on the job to fill the canal and level it, to get a good two acres of land . On Tuesday, the school authorities planted the coconut saplings to complete encroachment on the Poornaiah canal, formed from the backwaters of Krishnarajsagar dam, making it cease to exist. Though the University of Mysore authorities which own the Kukkarahalli lake have invested crores of rupees to revive it, their efforts have had little impact with the encroachment remaining unabated. UOM tried to prevent choking of waterways by harvesting it with rainwater, but to little effect. The revenue officials who surveyed the canal in the late 1990s reported that a 4.5-km stretch of the canal from Bogadhi village till the lake's mouth has been encroached illegally by various sections, including individuals, temple boards and authorities of private and government institutes. More than 11 acres of the canal's land have been encroached upon, the report said. Some of the encroachers include the government owned AIISH. With the near completion of encroachment of the canal, it would be an impossible task to reclaim it and revive the lake, the water level of which is depleting on a regular basis due to choking of all its water sources. When contacted the seer of the Adi Chunchangiri mutt's Mysore branch, Sri Somanath Swamiji who also heads the school trust said, \"School authorities got the area cleared of weeds and plants as poisonous snakes, scorpions and other nocturnal creatures would stray into the school scaring the children.\" School authorities are not building any structure on the land, he claimed, adding that the land was allotted to the trust by the government itself. Deputy commissioner P S Vastrad said he was unaware of the issue and encroachment. \"But I will find out the truth and initiate action against the guilty who have encroached upon the land which is prohibited under the law,\" he said. Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath said that waterways and canals come under the purview of the revenue department and as per the Supreme Court ruling it is not possible for anybody to encroach or choke the canals and lakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16271621", "title": "State Bank of Hyderabad adopts 15 tigers at zoo", "text": "HYDERABAD: The State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) has come forward to adopt 15 tigers in the Nehru Zoological Park on Wednesday. Curator of the zoo, A Shankaran said that the SBH made a donation of Rs 15 lakh to the zoo fund to this effect. According to zoo officials, the rate of adoption of each tiger in Rs 1 lakh per year. The funds received from SBH will be used for food, healthcare and sanitation such as cleaning of cages and enclosures. Meanwhile, keeping the upcoming biodiversity meet in mind, a van carrying interesting information on different aspects of ecology was flagged off by Mallikarjun Rao, director of zoo and chief conservator of forest. The van contains audio-visual equipment and models which will highlight the repercussions of ecological imbalanceand climatic changes such as droughts and floods. \"The models will showcasways ways of preserving and protecting wildlife and the van will visit three to four schools everyday,\" said Shankaran. Last date extended: The last date for online registration of colleges availing state government post-matric scholarships for the year 2012-13 has been extended up to September 15, the AP State Minorities Finance Corporation stated in a release issued here on Wednesday. Colleges will have to complete the registration process on e-pass system only, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "16273618", "title": "Maharashtra man found dead at Valpem", "text": "MANDREM: The Pernem police on Tuesday recovered the body of Chandrakant Naik, 41, from along the NH 17 at Valpem in Pernem taluka. Naik is a native of Ronapal-Sawantwadi, Maharashtra, the police said.The deceased was employed as a labourer at a construction site at Sawalwada-Pernem and had gone missing since Monday while returning home from his workplace.The Pernem police under the supervision of PI Tushar Lotlikar are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16272233", "title": "3 held for attack on rape victim's father", "text": "BANGALORE: Police arrested three persons for Sunday's attack on Syed Karim alias Munna alias Rambo, Ramachandrapura resident and father of 13-year-old Baby (name changed) who gave birth to a baby after being raped by her neighbour.She moved the Karnataka High Court alleging she was thrown out of her Government Urdu Primary School after she gave birth to a boy. The court ordered the school to take her back. Her parents later alleged they were under pressure from community leaders to withdraw the rape case.Karim on Wednesday alleged that the Sunday attack was the result of his refusal to accept his daughter's transfer certificate from the school.Sriramapuram police, however, said the attack was a fallout of Karim's refusal to repay a loan to two creditors, one of whom is reportedly a close relative of his daughter's rapist Shakil. Karim allegedly threatened creditors saying he would implicate them in a false case.The arrested are Afsar Mohammed Ali alias Charlie, 26, of Gopalpura and Akram Syed, 28, and Mujamil Shahajan 25, residents of Ramachandrapura. Police are looking for Avez. Afsar is a close relative of Shakil.Police said preliminary investigation revealed that Karim had taken a loan of Rs 1.5 lakh from Akram and Afsar, saying he would get them tiles from North India at a low rate. But Karim spent the money on personal matters and refused to return the money. \"We knew we had lost our money and we stabbed him on Sept. 2,\" the accused told police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274662", "title": "Coalgate: Govt official was in touch with Dardas, says CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI sources on Wednesday claimed that \"a coal ministry official was allegedly in touch with the Dardas at the time of consideration of their application for coal blocks\" while saying that they will question MP Vijay Darda after the Parliament session is over. Other accused, including Rajendra Darda, Devendra Darda and the Jayaswals will also be questioned soon, sources said.Giving details of the modus operandi adopted by the Dardas and the Jayaswals, CBI sources said, \"When the Jayaswals decided to take coal blocks, they did not have enough funds. Ministry guidelines stated that the company applying for blocks should have enough power generation networks. So, the Jayaswals approached the Dardas, who were also short of funds.\"Now, they approached two financial companies \u2014 Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services (IL&FS;) and Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) for assistance and told them that they were working on a project. They told the two companies that if they were provided loans, they would make the two companies major equity holders and took an authorization letter from these two financial companies. They added these two institutions' worth to their net worth and showed their eligibility in their coal block application.\"Interestingly, according to the CBI, coal ministry officials did not properly verify the documents submitted by these three companies.Agency officials said that they will investigate which coal ministry official was in touch with the Dardas during the process.Sources added that Vijay Darda's son Devendra Darda used to attend most of the meetings related to the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16274794", "title": "House, flat buyers find Narmada tax taxing", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government's decision to levy Narmada tax prior to issuing building permission for any construction will not put an additional burden on those constructing new house, but also on those who had bought houses after 2008 in Bhopal.Director of Fortune Builders and president of CREDAI Ajay Mohgaonkar questioned the criterion of charging Narmada tax.\"Is it that Narmada water be supplied to only ones, who have built their houses after 2008 or the city would get the benefit? If all wards coming under Narmada water supply network are to be benefitted why only ones who have built houses after 2008 should bear the burden,\" he said, adding that CREDAI would soon challenge it in court.Any tax if charged uniformly for basic need like water should not be objected, but it must certainly not target only ones who have bought houses after 2008 in Bhopal, said Anshuman Jain, a businessman who bought a flat on JK road few months ago.Amit Tiwari, branch manager of a bank in Bhopal said he would not mind paying a few thousand more provided if the BMC supplies sufficient potable water. Tiwari is looking forward to buy a property in Bhopal.Ajay Khare, executive in a multinational does not go with the idea of levying any additional tax on property owners. Government should reconsider the decision. Khare bought a house in Bhopal two years ago and has to pay EMIs.The Narmada tax was first introduced in 2008 after it was passed in the Bhopal Municipal Corporation's general council meet. However, as soon as the corporation started charging this additional tax it was challenged in the court.It came to light that corporation cannot levy Narmada tax unless the state government gives the nod. The proposal was sent to the state government after that and the BMC stopped charging Narmada tax.But in a smart move, the cash-starved corporation started taking affidavits from ones applying for building permission after that.The affidavit entrusted the BMC with the powers of charging Narmada tax even from ones who have been issued the building permissions from 2008 till the state government cleared the Narmada tax proposal ie on September 4.BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"The corporation expects to collect around Rs 20 crore from the ones who have been issued building permission from 2008 onwards. The affidavits were taken from applicants at the time of issuing building permissions and the corporation has all the powers for charging Narmada tax.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16278132", "title": "Parliament stalled for 12th day over coal block allocation scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fracas over coal block allocations continued for the twelfth day in Parliament today as BJP members vociferously demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha were adjourned till noon after opposition triggered ruckus on the issue.Members of the DMK AIADMK, CPI and Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi (VCK) were in the Well raising the Sri Lanka issue. DMK members were opposing the training of Sri Lankan armed forces at an airbase in India, while AIADMK and VCK members protested the upcoming visit of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa to Madhya Pradesh.In the Lok Sabha, Speaker Meira Kumar took up the Question Hour after making an obituary reference to the victims of the fire tragedy in Sivakasu in Tamil Nadu.After observing silence for a while, the BJP members trooped to the Well raising slogans against the Prime Minister over the coal block allocation. As the din continued, the Speaker adjourned the House till noon.When the Rajya Sabha met for the day, it mourned the loss of lives in a devastating fire at a cracker manufacturing unit in Sivakasi in Tamil Nadu yesterday.Soon after, the House the plunged into turmoil as BJP members shouted slogans demanding resignation of the Prime Minister. Some SP members were up on their feet but they could not be heard in the din. Chairman Hamid Ansari tried to restore order in the House and called for first listed question of the day but BJP members were unrelenting. He then adjourned the House till noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16273600", "title": "TCP invites public objections for CCP garbage plant", "text": "PANAJI: The town and country planning department has invited objections from the general public to the plans of the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) which has decided to set up a garbage treatment plant behind the Heera petrol pump near the Panaji KTC bus stand.TCP chief town planner S T Puttaraju told TOI that land admeasuring over 4,000 sq m was already acquired by the government and handed over to the CCP in December 2011. He said that the Goa state pollution control board has already given its in-principle approval for the site. The Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) and the Panaji planning and development authority (PDA) have also given their NOCs to the project, Puttaraju said.Normally, the issue would have gone directly for discussion to the TCP's board meeting scheduled for September 17. But the project is an essential service to the public and considering that the issue is a little sensitive, the government thought it wise to inform the public about the proposed project and get public feedback.The project is proposed to be built in property bearing chalta number 6 or PT sheet number 56. The public can check all the approvals in the respective offices like the Goa state pollution control board, PDA, etc.Puttaraju, however, said that in the 2011 outline development plan of Panaji, the property has mistakenly been earmarked as a 'no development zone'. Whereas, the adjoining area of the property is earmarked for a waste management facility which is an error in the ODP, Puttaraju said.But the chief town planner pointed out that as per sub-section (3) of Section 39 of the TCP Act, \"at any time after the date on which the development plan for an area comes into operation, the planning and development authority may, with the prior approval of the government, make such minor changes in such development plan as may be necessary for correcting any typographical or cartographical errors and omissions or details or proposals not fully indicated in the plan or changes arising out of the implementation of the proposals in the development plan\" provided that such changes are in public interest and are notified to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274413", "title": "Coalgate: Coal blocks for private firms, CIL sent to Africa", "text": "NEW DELHI: State-run Coal India Limited's pleas for coal blocks may have fallen on deaf ears but the government did not hesitate in asking the Maharatna company to go as far overseas as Mozambique in south-east Africa to prospect for coal.For over four years, Coal India repeatedly wrote to the coal ministry seeking allocation of 130-odd blocks the public sector company said were essential for its expansion and for meeting existing commitments.The ministry woke up to Coal India's entreaties only after Coalgate and files began to move. But prior to Coalgate singeing the government, the coal ministry was more keen on backing propositions in a corner of Africa than domestic options.In May, Coal India informed BJP MP Hansraj Ahir - whose complaint set off the CBI probe into allocations of coal blocks to private operators - that four CIL officers were posted in Mozambique to pursue opening of mines in that country.Coal India officers were deputed to Coal India Africana Limitada, CIL's subsidiary set up to explore and source coal in Mozambique. The venture set up shop in the city of Tete in March and expressions of interest for drilling - duly reported in the media - were invited in May.Around the same time, Coal India was having a hard time persuading the coal ministry to consider the allocation of 138 blocks with reserves of 57 billion tonnes to \"sustain long-term production programme of CIL to meet the country's demand\".The government argued that CIL was unable to meet requirements of Indian companies, both private sector and state-run, and this had necessitated allocating blocks to private companies. But while CIL plans took a hit, private players failed to meet commitments defeating the government's \"power for all\" policy.The PSU received no intimation with regard to its requests till very recently. Coal India has been writing to the ministry since at least August 2008 about the blocks to little avail. On the other hand, the government set aside blocks for private parties who now face threat of action for not meeting timeframes.Tete, a city located in the interior of Mozambique on Zambezi river, is the base of Coal India operations in the African country. A consultant has been appointed for undertaking an environmental impact assessment and preparing an environmental management plan so that drilling can start in a few weeks, CIL said.CIL informed that a memorandum of understanding has also been finalized for an apex training organization for local people and the planning and designing of an institute is in progress.The PSU's enterprise in seeking to access coal deposits in a far flung country might be justified as mirroring similar ventures undertaken by Chinese companies in Africa, but CIL being denied access to coal blocks in India have raised questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272564", "title": "JNU union election: Nominations filed", "text": "NEW DELHI: It seems like a mid-term poll happening at Jawaharlal Nehru University where students are gearing up for a second union election within six months.Aspiring candidates filed their nomination papers for the September 14 polls to elect the university's next students' union. The process began at 9am and continued till a little past 5 in the evening as students filed nominations for over 30 posts across different schools and departments.The election comes only six months after the March 1 polls that elected the students' first representative body in four years following a prolonged struggle for restoration of the democratic process for election of the students' body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273354", "title": "Cabinet may discuss financial restructuring plan for Prasar Bharati", "text": "NEW DELHI: The proposal for financial restructuring of public broadcaster Prasar Bharati is likely to come up in the Cabinet on Thursday. Among the pending issues that are likely to be resolved is recruitment to fill over 14,200 positions in Doordarshan and AIR and exploring options for revenue generation.Based on the recommendations of the group of ministers, the I&B; ministry has moved a Cabinet note to allow for recruitment to essential posts in Prasar Bharati.The GoM was of the view that recommendations of the National Productivity Council may be delinked from the proposal to fill 3,400 essential category posts in Prasar Bharati.The organization is also suffering from a revenue gap to the tune of Rs 1,400 crore annually and is heavily dependent on government financing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278046", "title": "A multidimensional career in biotechnology", "text": "Q- How is the biotechnology sector in Kerala emerging today?Biotechnology sector in India is growing at a fast pace. Academic and research sector as well as the biotech industry are witnessing steady growth. Many progressive researches are happening in the field of biotechnology in the country today. There are so many firms coming up in this sector also. Unfortunately the growth of the sector in Kerala is a little low as compared to the national level. Though the state has competent talent, there are no incentives from government for starting up firms. So no organisations in this sector are coming up here.Q- What are the efforts made by RGCB towards research in this field?The research at RGCB focuses on diseases. We look at human, animal and plant diseases and try to under how diseases happen and how we can tackle it effectively. In plant diseases we mainly look at cash crops like ginger and pepper and animal research is mainly on bird flu and swine flu. In human disease research we deal with cancer research programme, viral diseases and tuberculosis. There are studies in nervous diseases, reproductive health etc. PhD programmes are offered in these areas and students can get trained in any of these programmes. Apart from the research and development programmes we run a large diagnostic facility - laboratory medicine and molecular diagnostics. We have state of the art molecular diagnostics for numerous viral and bacterial infectious diseases, cancer, cardiovascular disease and denetic diseases.Q- What does RGCB look for in a candidate? What important factors do you consider during admission?To get into a PhD programme at RGCB the student must be a post graduate in life science, biotechnology, bioinformatics, medicine etc. He/she must have the junior research fellowship and qualified the national eligibility test conducted by Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) and UGC or must be qualified in Biotechnology Eligibility Test, conducted by the Dept of biotechnology ( DBT - BET) or the test conducted by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR). We have a stringent selection interview in which we assess the aptitude of the candidate and the interest of the student in doing a PhD. We look for people who have a genuine interest in doing a PhD in biotechnology, as research in this field is a tough task. Also we insist on finishing the course in five years, so only a genuine candidate with strong determination will be able to succeed.Q- What is your advice to biotechnology students for achieving success in their chosen field?There are a plenty of career options available for students in the biotechnology field. You can get into biotech firms as scientists and researchers. Also there are positions available as faculty and research assistants in various institutes and research organisations. The industry is in dire need of qualified talent so your hands will be full with multiple options. As students you must get into a very good institute. By the time you finish your PhD you must have two or three publications out. Also do a post-doctoral training after the course, which will add more value.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16272144", "title": "Crucial span gets approval", "text": "BANGALORE: The dream of riding the Metro along Malleswaram, Mahalakshmi Layout and Yeshwantpur could soon become a reality. The crucial span of 66mts over the railway track near Malleswaram has got the green signal.On Wednesday, commissioner of Metro railway safety SK Mittal approved the designs of the span construction. This after the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation and Railway Board got the proofs checked by a third party - Rail India Technical and Economic Solution (RITES).The railway safety board wanted the design proof checked as that would entail the railways to consider passenger safety on the tracks, below the upcoming elevated section of Metro tracks. \"The design basis report was first rejected by the railway board and I wanted the railways to check the designs themselves. Now that the board has done it by a third party, I have approved the span designs,\" Mittal told TOI.As per Bangalore Metro estimates, construction work will take six months. The BMRC has also sent letters to South Western Railway to reduce the speed of trains on this section to 20kmph and allow them to have 26 power and traffic blocks.\"We have to finish the construction of the span in six months as we have committed to open the line in January 2013. We have also paid Rs 2 crore as the blockage charges to the railway board,\" said BMRCL MD N Sivasailam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273421", "title": "7% rain deficit wiped out in 2 days", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Moderate to heavy rains are expected all over Gujarat on Thursday as well. Weather officials said that the two days of rains have wiped out seven per cent rain deficit in the state. On Monday, the rain deficit was 56% which has come down to 49%.Meteorologist of India Meteorological Department (IMD), Gujarat, Manorama Mohanty said, \"There is a well-marked low-pressure zone over east Madhya Pradesh and adjoining areas. Also, an upper air circulation over Gujarat region and adjoining areas persists. Under the influence of these two systems, the state will get rains on Thursday too\", Mohanty said.She said Saurashtra and Kutch had gained the maximum from this spell as its deficit had gone down from 71 per cent to 60 per cent. In Gujarat region consisting east, central, south and north Gujarat, the deficiency of rain has come down from 46 per cent to 41 per cent.According to the state revenue control, the state for the second day received 24 mm of rains. Gujarat has received 403.92 mm of rains against the annual rainfall of 798 mm. Officials said that of the 26 district only 12 district have crossed the 50 per cent mark while three districts have received 49 per cent of their total annual rains.Officials said that of the 404 mm of rains, the state in the month of June received only 33.93 mm, while in July it was 131.55 and 156.07 mm in the month of August and in the first four days of September the state received 82.37 mm of rains. This spell has been the highest rains received in this season. Officials said that of the 225 talukas only three Talukas has received 100 per cent rains of its annual average rains. These include Kadana Taluka in Panchmahal, Pardi Taluka in Valsad and Dahod Taluka in Dahod district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16272215", "title": "BMTC to reimbursement for students", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) has announced reimbursement on student bus passes which were issued for higher rates. From Friday, the corporation will pay back the difference in money to students who have been issued passes for academic year 2012-13. The facility will be available at 36 counters and all BMTC bus stations across the city.Students who have obtained 10-month passes will get Rs 200 reimbursed and 5-month passes will get Rs 100 reimbursed. High school girl students who have 10-month passes will get Rs 125 reimbursed. For high school students, the last day to avail of the facility is September 13. For college students, the reimbursement starts from September 14 and ends on September 22.For evening college students, the difference of money will be paid between September 24 and 30. Students must submit a photocopy of the pass obtained and produce the original at the counters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16274954", "title": "BJP denies Sushma invited Rajapaksa to MP", "text": "CHENNAI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Wednesday denied allegations of some pro-Tamil leaders, including MDMK leader Vaiko that party leader Sushma Swaraj had invited Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaksa for an official event in Madhya Pradesh on September 21.BJP state unit chief Radhakrishnan said he had spoken to Swaraj, leader of the opposition in the Lok Sabha , and she had \"categorically\" told him she had not invited Rajapaksa. \"There are wrong reports that Swaraj had invited him. To know the truth, I spoke to her over phone and she categorically stated that she had not invited him,\" he said in a party statement here.He said the authority to invite leaders of other countries rested only with the Centre. \"The Centre is trying to shift the blame on BJP, despite our strong opposition to the visit of Rajapaksa,\" he said.The Sri Lankan president is scheduled to attend a Buddhist function at Sanchi in BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh on September 21.Vaiko had recently alleged that Rajapaksa was invited by Swaraj and wrote to Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan , asking him to cancel the invitation.Radhakrishnan insisted that the Congress-led UPA government had invited Rajapaksa, among others, including Bhutan prime minister for the function.\"We oppose the visit of Rajapaksa,\" he said and recalled that Swaraj had been part of various pro-Tamil initiatives, including meeting families of fishermen of Nagapattinam in the state who were killed allegedly by Lankan navy. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16274911", "title": "NCW team slams police in Shivali suicide case", "text": "JALANDHAR: The two-member team of National Commission for Women, which visited here on Wednesday to gather information in Shivali suicide case, has flayed the police and called for more sensitivity on the part of media towards girls. It also criticized the railway police for its shoddy handling of the case and failure to register a case of abetment to suicide.NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma and member Shamina Shafiq said they would write to the Punjab chief minister, the chief secretary and the DGP to sensitize the police. \"Media should also be more sensitive,\" they said and appreciated a section of media for highlighting the case and deliberated on reasons that drove the young girl to suicide.Shivali, a 19 years old college student, had committed suicide by jumping before a train near Domoria bridge on August 30 after being stopped and questioned by a police team when she was going in a car with her friend. A few photojournalists of vernacular dailies had clicked Shivali's photographs despite her pleas not to do so.The team also met the victim's family at their residence in Idgah Nagar area besides visiting the spots where Shivali was accosted by police and photographed by photojournalists, and the railway track. It questioned Inspector Balwinder Kaur, who had questioned Shivali, for around half an hour. Sharma said the cop's role was clearly questionable and that they would recommend strict action against her. \"We are wondering that how media reached there instantly,\" she said.However, Shafiq later said that they had learnt that the inspector, who is now under suspension, had made it a routine to give instant punishment to people and get the photographs published in a section of the media. \"What were her seniors doing when all this was happening and why did they not stop this practice?\" she said. \"Media should also show some sensitivity in such situations, especially when girls are involved in a piquant situation,\" she added.The NCW members said they would wait for Action Taken Report as an inquiry was on by Jalandhar Zone IG Gurpreet Deo and would prepare their report after that.They added that they were investigating six cases where girls were humiliated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16274089", "title": "Minister Venugopal warns houseboat operators", "text": "Alappuzha: Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal said that the police would seize all houseboats which don't have a registration certificate from the department of ports.The minister was addressing a meeting at the collectorate on Wednesday.\"Houseboat operators will be given a grace period of seven days to apply for new registration certificates. After one week, the department of ports will inspect all houseboats and will seize those boats that have not applied for a certificate. As per data available with the department, only 490 houseboats are registered in the district. However, over 800 boats are conducting services here,\" said Venugopal.\"Registration certificates will be processed within a month by the department. So after one month, criminal cases will be registered against houseboat operators, who don't have registration certificates. Alappuzha SP K G James has been instructed to constitute three teams to patrol parts of Vembanad Lake at Muhamma, Punnamada and Pallathuruthy. These teams can conduct sudden inspections of houseboats, even if they are on charter,\" the minister said.\"Houseboat licence will be revoked if the crew consume alcohol during duty hours. Such crews and houseboats will be blacklisted by the district administration,'' said Venugopal.District collector P Venugopal said the department of ports would set up a sewage treatment plant for the houseboats in the city and the district administration would identify suitable land for this purpose.Additional district magistrate K P Thampi and district tourism promotion council secretary C Pradeep, ports department officials and police officers attended the meeting.Alappuzha: Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal has said that police would seize all the houseboats which don't have the registration certificate of the Port Department. The minister was speaking at a meeting convened at collectorate conference hall for ensuring the safety of tourists and houseboat employees in the district on Wednesday.One week time will be given to all the houseboat operators to apply for registration certificates. After one week, the Port Department, the registering authority of the houseboats, will conduct inspections in all the boats and will seize the boats from the operators, who failed to apply for the registration certificate. As per the Port Department, only 490 houseboats have their registration certificates in the district. However, over 800 boats are conducing service in the district,'' K C Venugopal said.It will take only one month to get the registration certificate of the Port Department. So after one month, criminal cases will be registered against the houseboat operators, who don't have registration certificates of the Port. Alappuzha SP has been given instructions to constitute three police teams for conducting patrolling in the parts of Vembadu Lake at Muhamma, Punnamada and Pallathuruthy. These police teams will have the power to conduct inspections inside of the houseboats during cruising,'' the minister said.The licenses of the houseboats and its crews will be revoked if the crews consume alcohol during duty time. Such crews and houseboats will be included in the blacklist prepared by the district administration,''K C Venugopal said.District collector P Venugopal said the Port Department would set up a sewage treatment plant for the houseboats and the district administration would identify suitable land for this purpose.Additional district magistrate K P Thampi and District Tourism Promotion Council Secretary C Pradeep, officials of Port Department and Police also attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273159", "title": "State to invite feedback on Dharavi project", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to prepare a formal sanction plan of the Rs 5,600-crore Dharavi revamp project and bring it in the public domain. Thereafter, suggestions and objections will be invited over the project.The Dharavi Redevelopment Project Authority on Wednesday decided to invoke Section 115 (read with 40) of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning (MRTP) Act to prepare a sanction plan detailing sectors, roads and other amenities planned. \"We will then approach the government for a final approval, following which all future development in the project will have to confer to the plan,\" said a senior official of the authority.The idea is to ensure holistic and integrated development of the project, including taking care of the implementation part at the planning stage, said officials. For this purpose, it was also agreed that the project could be, at a later stage, divided into smaller sectors and as many developers appointed for the work. \"This will not only speed up work but also mitigate the risk factor the authority may grapple with at a later stage,\" said a senior official of the authority. As of now, the state is looking at developing sector 5 of the project, which houses roughly 9,000 slums. It has decided to call fresh tenders to select a Project Management Consultant ( PMC) for the sector.Ever since it was approved in 2004, the project has run into several hurdles. Tenders have been called off on three occasions owing to poor response. Recently, a project consultant was served a notice of termination. In this backdrop, officials said it was necessary to ensure no legal loophole was left unattended to. Admitting that there has been a delay in inviting suggestions and objections, a senior official said it was necessary to at least follow the due process of law at this point. \"Why it wasn't done at an earlier stage is difficult to answer,\" said an official.Even as the Dharavi revamp plan continues to face hurdles, the state government has decided to clear some of the mystery shrouding the project. It has been decided to prepare a formal sanction plan of the project and bring it in the public domain. Thereafter, suggestions and objections will be invited over the project conceived at a total cost of Rs 5,600-crore. The Dharavi Redevelopment Project Authority on Wednesday decided to invoked section 115 (read with 40) of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning (MRTP) Act to prepare a sanction plan of the project, detailing sectors, roads, and other amenities planned in the project. \"We will then approach the government for a final approval, following which all future development in the project will have to confer to the plan,\" said a senior official of the authority.The idea officials said is to ensure holistic and integrated development of the project, including taking care of the implementation part at the planning stage. For this purpose, it was also agreed that the project could be, at a later stage, divided into smaller sectors and as many developers appointed for the work. \"This will not only speed up work but also mitigate the risk factor the authority may grapple with at a later stage,\" said a senior official of the authority. As of now, the state is looking at developing sector 5 of the project which houses roughly 9,000 slums. It has decided to call fresh tenders to select a Project Management Consultants (PMC) for the sector.The project has been facing various hurdles ever since it was approved by the DF government in 2004, subsequently the tenders have been called off on three occasions owing to poor response. Recently, a project consultant was served a notice of termination as well. It is in this backdrop, officials said it was felt necessary to ensure no legal loophole was left unattended to. Admitting that there has been a delay in inviting suggestions and objections, a senior official said it was necessary to at least follow the due process of law at this point. \"Why it wasn't done at an earlier stage is difficult to answer,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16274015", "title": "Seven criminals arrested", "text": "PATNA: The Patna police on Wednesday arrested seven criminals from three different police stations in the state capital.Four criminals were arrested under the Pirbahore police station for forgery. Police recovered one laptop, three keyboards, 125 mobile phones and Rs 10,500 cash from the arrested criminals who have been identified as Ajit Kumar, Firdous Akhtar, Sanjay Singh and Jainandan Kumar.Two criminals Umesh Yadav and Pattan Yadav were arrested from Bihta police station in connection with a theft case.In the third case of arrest, one Deepak Kumar was arrested under Chowk police station with a countrymade pistol and cartridges.Meanwhile, police seized 2,300 pouches of illicit liquor from Sultanganj and Alamganj police stations on Wednesday.Patna police have also launched an intensive vehicle-checking drive under its 46 police stations. During the drive, police realized Rs 34,000 as fine under different provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274257", "title": "SP-BSP spat gets BJP out of a tricky situation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Samajwadi Party-Bahujan Samaj Party tussle in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday couldn't have been better timed for BJP as the main opposition trod carefully between sticking to its corruption plank while trying not to appear anti-dalit and tribal.The pushing and shoving involving SP's Naresh Aggarwal and BSP's Avtar Singh Karimpuri let BJP benches take the back seat in the House on a politically charged issue like quotas in promotion in government jobs for Scheduled Castes and Tribes.Aware that its decision to oppose passage of a constitutional amendment on the grounds that it will not let the government deflect attention from Coalgate involved a political risk, the SP-BSP spat was welcome diversion for saffron benches.Senior BJP leaders worked out the party line on Tuesday evening after a detailed discussion. It was felt that it would not do to signal to BJP's upper caste vote alone, as the party can ill afford to come across as opposed to dalit and tribal interests.At the same time, the government would have scored if BJP suspended its blockade of Parliament. BJP looked to sidestep the trap by settling for a nuanced support of quotas-in-promotion while insisting that this could be possible only if its demands over Coalgate were met.Most BJP leaders involved in discussions felt the bill could not be opposed outright irrespective of the party's claim on the upper caste vote. BJP has often done well in reserved constituencies and could hardly afford to be labeled anti-dalit by rivals.Keen to ensure that an aggressive BSP chief Mayawati did not upstage it, BJP brass swiftly drafted a statement once Rajya Sabha adjourned after the SP-BSP fracas. The party said cancellation of coal blocks that figure in Coalgate and an independent inquiry can set the stage for a debate on both coal allocations and the quota bill.BJP leaders are aware that the bill has only been deferred till the winter session. Its passage is inevitable despite any reservations political parties may harbour. The challenge was to survive a war of nerves with the government cannily testing BJP's resolve with a wickedly spinning googly.Both Congress and BJP leaders are aware that sometimes the best response to the rival's barb is to let it go by.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "16275642", "title": "Flying debris killed onlookers", "text": "SIVAKASI: The relatives of Selvam, 36, a resident of Sivakami Nagar here, wait under a neem tree near the burns ward in Sivakasi Government Hospital waiting for his name to be called out after postmortem on Wednesday night. But Selvam's wife Lingammal , 34, is not among them.\"We have not yet informed her. We don't know how she will react to the news,\" says Munian, Selvam's nephew.Like most men and women in Sivakasi, Selvam , who has four children , started his life as a labourer in firecracker unit two decades ago. \"He joined Om Shakthi Fireworks two years ago. After 20 years of service, he had no great ambitions. His only ambition in the past few years was to save enough money to get his daughter married,\" said Munian.The accident has destroyed the hopes of the family. The eldest of Selvam's children is a 16-yearold girl while the youngest is a four-year-old boy.\"Selvam is the family's only breadwinner. His wife occasionally joined him to work in firecracker units, but has stopped working. Perhaps now she will have to start working again,'' said a relative.At least 25 onlookers were hit by concrete debris that resulted in fractures and head injuries. Many of the victims were from villages like Vachakaranpatti , Chellaiayanayakanpatti , Kanniseriputhur and Mudhalipatti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16271487", "title": "Pragyan Ojha wants to play Irani Trophy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pragyan Ojha may have taken 13 wickets in his last two Test matches against New Zealand, but the left-arm spinner doesn't want his new-found success to distract him. His aim is to keep his rhythm going and for that he wants to play in the upcoming Irani Trophy match against Ranji Trophy champions Rajasthan, if he is selected in the Rest of India team. Ojha's attitude is refreshing as very few national players want to go through the domestic grind after cementing a slot in Team India.\"I have a long way to go. Starting November, India will play against some of the top Test teams like England and Australia and the biggest challenge for me will be to stay fit. A lot of hard work is required to be physically and mentally fit to take on these teams. I want to keep playing to stay match-fit for the England series,\" Ojha told TOI on Wednesday.When asked what his wicket-target was before the New Zealand series, Ojha said, \"I don't set such targets. I always try to do my job and I don't think about wickets when I am bowling. For a spinner the ultimate pleasure comes when you beat a batsman in the air and dismiss him eventually. The wicket of New Zealand's Brendon McCullum in the first innings of the Test was a dismissal which gave me immense satisfaction. But the best bit was bowling in tandem with Ashwin. We support and understand each other.\"Talking about Indian bowling in the two-Test series, he said: \"Actually the entire bowling unit did well. The medium pacers and the spinners all bowled as a group. On the batting front, both Virat (Kohli) and (Cheteshwar) Pujara were outstanding. The seniors backed their performances with useful contributions. It was a total team effort.\"Ojha said a key thing was that the team did well despite not having stars like Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman. He said the youngsters in the Test team have passed the preliminary test. \"With some new faces in the Test team, the question was whether the youngsters could deliver. They did. The first phase is over and now we have to look for consistency.\"According to Ojha, the Indians are keen on erasing bad memories of their visit to England. The Englishmen do not have a very good record in the sub-continent, but Ojha insisted that \"past is not important\". \"They are a strong team, capable of bouncing back from difficult situations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273947", "title": "Govt mulls giving more power to NIA", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the face of National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) having failed to take off, the government is aiming to give more teeth to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in order to crack down on terror outfits such as Indian Mujahideen.In the first sign of its intentions, the home ministry has asked the country's premier anti-terror agency to lodge a fresh FIR against the outfit with all its absconding members as accused. The government is rattled by recurring attacks from Indian Mujahideen operatives, the latest suspected to be the August 1 Pune blasts, and is embarking on a new approach to crack down on the outfit's network and cross-border infrastructure.In an indication of its seriousness to neutralize the outfit, the government for the first time is also holding a separate special session specifically on Indian Mujahideen in the annual meeting of the country's top police and intelligence officers over the issue of internal security, beginning Thursday. Until now, the meet used to have a session on terrorism comprising its all aspects.The NIA FIR, likely to be filed this week, will not focus on any specific event but the larger nation-wide designs and conspiracy by the outfit to wage war against the country. This will help NIA to take up any incident related to the outfit and freely conduct parallel investigations.The home ministry's move will give NIA a wider approach and access to all terror cases across the country and help evolve the agency on the lines of USA's Federal Bureau of Investigation.A home ministry official said, \"While state agencies have had good success in breaking the outfit's network in recent years, it is still very much operational and executing blasts with impunity. It is therefore important that we move from event-specific investigations to a nationwide approach to neutralize it.\"Sources said the FIR would have names of about a dozen absconding IM members, including those holed up in Pakistan.IM founders Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal along with Amir Reza Khan (all holed up in Pakistan) would be charged along with Ahmed Zarar Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal, Mohsin Chaudhary, Mirza Baig, Bada Sajid, Dr Shahnawaz, Ariz Khan, Abu Rashid and a few others, said sources.In pursuance of the case, said sources, the agency will also focus on the outfit's cross-border network and it's funding through Pakistan's ISI. Security agencies say ISI's main purpose of propping up Indian Mujahideen through LeT's network was to make terrorism in India look like a homegrown problem.Since 2006, Indian Mujahideen is suspected to have conducted at least 10 terror attacks leading to the death of scores of innocent people. Police of different states have as yet not been able to apprehend its India operations chief Ahmed Zarar Siddibappa, suspected to be behind both the German Bakery blast and the August 1 blasts in Pune.\"The idea of an open FIR is also to emphasise that NIA is supposed to investigate national conspiracies and neutralize terror modules across the nation. It is not just supposed to investigate blasts,\" said another official from the security establishment.A case in point is also the FIR lodged by NIA against LeT operatives Fayaz Kagzi and Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal. Here too the FIR mentions to incident but a larger conspiracy to procure explosives, recruit people and target cities.Besides having a separate session on Indian Mujahideen during the three-day annual DGPs/IGPs Conference, the meet will also take up the recent issue of circulation of hate messages and doctored videos in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra the wake of Assam violence.Left wing extremism, insurgency in northeast, cyber crime, circulation of fake currency notes, espionage and organized crime are other issues which are on the agenda of the meet. Home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde will inaugurate the conference on Thursday. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who will address the conference on its concluding day on Saturday, will have a separate interactive session with top cops of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273661", "title": "Sessions court rejects former GM's bail plea", "text": "LUCKNOW: Session judge KK Sharma on Wednesday rejected bail plea of Pankaj Tripathi in connection with LACCFED scam. The court said that the accused caused heavy pecuniary loss to the government. Pankaj was the general manager of LACCFED ( Labour and Construction Co-operative Federation), when the scam took place. An FIR had been lodged against him with the Hazratganj police. The court said that the matter is very serious and the accused did not deserve bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16274529", "title": "CSA celebrates Foundation Day of farmers\u2019 council", "text": "KANPUR: The Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology celebrated the Foundation Day of Chandrashekhar Krishak Samiti at Lal Bahadur Shastri auditorium of the varsity here on Wednesday. The Samiti was established on September 5, 1985.The function was headed by Prof AK Singh, local convener of 'Krishi Vigyan Kendra'. Singh apprised the farmers present of the agricultural techniques developed by the university. A symposium was also organised on the occasion by the Agriculture department of the university. Those present included director, Research, CSA, LP Tiwari, and associate professor Naushad Khan.While addressing the farmers, director, extension, Dr MP Yadav discussed the changing environmental pattern and the ways to deal with it.Meanwhile, students of the university also celebrated Teachers' Day on the campus by organising a special programme for their teachers and performing the symbolic act of planting trees on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16273876", "title": "Haj pilgrims to be given SBI travel cards", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Haj pilgrims from India will be provided State Bank of India's (SBI) foreign travel cards that can be operated in any ATMs or cash points in Saudi Arabia . Pilgrims are being provided this facility for the first time.SBI will give the reloadable card to all pilgrims from a special counter set up at each embarkation point. The card is being introduced in association with Visa International, the payment gateway provider. It can be used even in shopping centres and hotels in Saudi Arabia.The Central Haj Committee has already decided to provide pilgrims Saudi SIM cards that will have a talk time of five Saudi riyals; incoming calls can be received with zero balance.Chairman of Kerala Hajj committee Kottumala Bappu Musliyar said though the Central Hajj Committee had planned to introduce the card system for pilgrims last year, the project materialized only this year.He said the card would help pilgrims avoid carrying Indian rupee during their journey. \"Pilgrims do not have to open account in SBI to get the card. All pilgrims would be provided ATM cards charging a small amount as service charge,\" he said.\"The Haj Committee will credit Rs 2,100 in the ATM accounts of each pilgrim before they leave for Saudi Arabia. If they require more money, they can pay at SBI counters before commencing the journey,\" he said.Secretary of State Haj Committee M C Mohandas, who is also the district collector of Malappuram, said the new facility would be of great help to the pilgrims.Air India will operate 20 Haj flights from Karippur. The first flight will leave on October 6.The pilgrims will be given vaccination at various camps set up for the purpose from September 10 to 15. They will be informed of the venue and time of the camps. All trains plying between Thiruvananthapuram and Mangalore will stop at Feroke station to help the pilgrims reach Karipur without hassle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278604", "title": "Anjana honoured with Purwaiya Abhinay Kala Sammaan", "text": "Anjana Singh has been honoured with 'Purwaiya Abhinay Kala Sammaan'. In a cultural event organised by an institution Purwaiya in UP she was honoured with this award. Children Welfare Minister and Ram Gobind Chaudhary and social worker Anuradha Mishra honoured her with this award.After receiving the award Anjana Singh said, \" I was brought up in this city and today I am here as a special guest and being honoured. Such honours make us proud and we strive to do better.\"Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16272877", "title": "Teenaged girl dies in Dhanora", "text": "NAGPUR: The fury of rain eased in Gadchiroli on Wednesday. However, a teenaged girl died after a wall of the cultural hall in a zilla parishad school collapsed in the evening.Sources claimed that the name of the deceased was Kumodini Eka (17), a Std VII student. The incident took place at Salebhatti village in Dhanora tehsil. She was rushed to the rural hospital in Dhanora, where doctors declared her brought dead.Official sources said that a total of 1272 mm rainfall with average of 106 mm per tehsil was recorded in Gadchiroli during the last 24 hours. Though it stopped raining on Wednesday, flooded river cut off roads to interiors of the district. Parlakota river is overflowing near Bhamragad, cutting off road traffic of 128 villages in the area. Similarly, Gadvi river is overflowing near Eklapur, cutting road connection to Wadsa. Sati and Andhadi rivers are also in spate and have cutting the connection between Korchi and Kurkheda tehsils.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273752", "title": "CAG an important institution, gives feedback to nation: Kamal Nath", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when UPA ministers are defending the government on Coalgate by criticising the Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) recent audit reports, urban development minister Kamal Nath was full of praise for the auditor and said it was \"an important institution providing continuous feedback to the nation\".\"CAG in India has very important function in our system of governance and his role in providing a continuous feedback to the nation by financial audit, performance audit and compliance audit are extremely important,\" Nath said in the presence of CAG Vinod Rai at a seminar hosted by them jointly in the Capital on performance of urban local bodies.He suggested that there was no breakdown of communication between CAG and the government over its critical report on the coal block allocation. \"The communication between CAG and the audited entity is an ongoing process and CAG and the audited entity appreciate each other's goals and responsibility,\" Nath said.The urban development minister's conciliatory approach was contrary to the aggressive stand adopted by some of his Cabinet colleagues against the auditor after the report on coal block allocations was submitted to Parliament. Some UPA ministers and senior Congress leaders accused the CAG of exceeding its mandate by putting a loss figure in its audit reports and for producing motivated reports and having political ambitions.Speaking on the occasion, Rai expressed concern at lack of accountability in urban local bodies where the government is pumping in thousands of crores as development expenditure. \"While a number of them have audited accounts available till fiscal 2010-11, in quite a few, audited accounts are pending for a number of years,\" he said.The CAG suggested that the government make these local bodies switch to the double entry accrual system of accounting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16264995", "title": "Verve hosted a dance bash in Delhi", "text": "Verve hosted a dance bash for its guests with DJ Rummy playing live in the house recently.The dance floor was the centre of all the action as the guests forgot their left feet and grooved to the pulsating beats in large groups. Bollywood tracks were most popular with the crowd and everyone displayed their desi andaaz by matching steps to chartbusters from all recent Bollywood movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273558", "title": "Narendra Modi uses Vivekananda for political goals: Keshubhai Patel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi's bete noire and former CM Keshubhai Patel said that Swami Vivekanda was averse to being dragged into politics. Keshubhai took a dig at Modi in his blog soon after BJP announced on Wednesday that Modi would start a month-long 'Swami Vivekananda Yuva Vikas Yatra' from September 11.Keshubhai alleged that this yatra was a BJP campaign at the expense of the state exchequer. \"Vivekananda in his letter to a disciple had said that he was not a politician. He had even stated that they should stop any one from using his speeches or even mentioning him in any political event,\" Keshubhai wrote in his blog.The BJP said the yatra would start from north Gujarat's Bechraji town. Bechraji is making headlines for the proposed Maruti Suzuki car manufacturing plant.On 11 September, Swami Vivekananda had given historic speech in World religion conference at Chicago. Also it was the same day when Modi will strictly enforce ban on gutka in the state.Modi's month-long yatra will end on Jayprakash Narayan's birth anniversary day 11 October. With the main yatra, several smaller yatras will explore the assembly seat areas. Such yatras will be led by local MPs, MLAs and office bearers.Keshubhai said Modi is known for reaping political benefits through such yatras. In 2002, he had launched Gaurav Yatra and then it was Fagvel yatra and now it is Vivekanand Yatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16273541", "title": "No respite from rains now", "text": "RAJKOT: Incessant rains continued to lash parts of Saurashtra on Wednesday. The districts that received maximum precipitation were Jamnagar and Junagadh along with parts of Bhavnagar.Officials at Jamnagar said Jamkhambaliya received 50mm rainfall followed by Dhrol and Dwarka receiving 16mm each and Lalpur getting 17mm of precipitation. In Junagadh district, Visavadar received 41mm of rainfall, while Junagadh town received 25mm. Palitana in Bhavnagar received 25mm rainfall during the day. Sporadic rainfall was witnessed in most parts of the region that had been experiencing severe water scarcity till 10 days back.The rainfall in Jamnagar district led to the drowning of a 33-year-old woman identified as Daksha Bhalala. She was travelling in a bullock cart along with her family members from their farmland to Kharedi village in Kalavad taluka when the cart was caught in a flash flood in a local stream that they were trying to cross. While the others managed to save themselves, the woman was washed away. It is being assumed that she died. Efforts are on to retrieve her body.In another incident, Ashu Makwana (48) of Amrapur village in Maliya Hatina taluka of Junagadh district sustained injuries as her house collapsed on Wednesday morning after heavy rainfall. Maliya Hatina had received heavy rainfall measuring 170mm on Tuesday. She was rushed to a local hospital for treatment.Rajkot city received 30mm rainfall on Wednesday afternoon. The showers led to the roads being flooded on account of water logging and the commuters had a tough time. Sources said Saurashtra has so far received 38 per cent of its average annual rainfall this season. Meanwhile, weather officials have issued a warning for fishermen asking them not to venture into the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275223", "title": "Students throng colleges for \u2018pre-poll\u2019 fun, despite teachers going on mass casual leave", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students thronged city colleges on Wednesday even though no classes were held on Wednesday, as teachers went on mass casual leave in support of their demands, that included grant of UGC salary scales. With only a couple of days to go for college student union elections, students made it a point to reach their colleges, as they did not want to miss out on the party-like atmosphere there. They were seen hanging out with friends in canteens, lawns and even classrooms.Manjeet, a BA third year student at DAV College, Sector 10, said, \"I have come here to chill with my friends. Elections come only once a year, so we don't want to miss out on all the fun. It's rarely that we get to be a part of something this exciting.\"This excitement that has been attracting students to colleges also benefitted student bodies contesting elections.With no classes being held, the candidates found it easy to campaign. Sunil Sharma from the Post Graduate Government College (PGGC), Sector 11, who is the PUSU + SOI candidate for the post of college general secretary said, \"Today is a good day for campaigning. The general mood is very positive. Even with all the policemen around, students are not scared to come and participate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16272837", "title": "Around 3,000 houses illegal in Amanishah area: JDA", "text": "JAIPUR: The sword of eviction hangs heavy on thousands of encroachers living in residential colonies at the Amanishah Nullah's catchment area with the high court giving three weeks' time to JDA to identify and remove the encroachers and submit a compliance report.By JDA's estimation there are approximately 3,000 illegal houses in the catchment area.Manoj Kumar , a resident Kiran Vihar, who recently received a notice from the JDA said, \"We are lower middle-class people and have put all our saving to purchase this house. It is not encroachment as we have purchase the house from the housing societies. If the government demolishes our house all four members of my family will be homeless. In absence of rehabilitation plan or compensation we will be on the roads.\"The house owners, who received notices from the enforcement team, also alleged that the JDA is partial and determining the centerline of the nullah, which plays a crucial part in determining which colonies which need to be removed. They claimed that properties developed by civic bodies and other influential people were left untouched.Jagish Chaudhary, an affected house owner and RTI activist claimed that in January, 2008, the last survey to determine the centerline of the nullah was done by the appointment company. However, many changes in the alignment were done on September 12, 2008 by the JDA as the Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) has allotted land in the catchment area. \"In a letter of the RHB written to the UDH department, it was mentioned that as allotments for school, hospital in the catchment area have been made by the board, it is necessary to change the alignment of the nullah. Due to this, many innocent people who purchased houses from the housing societies have to suffer,\" Chaudhary added.Residents of Kiran Vihar, Jaganath Puri and other colonies who have purchased houses from the housing societies demanded strict action against the housing societies and JDA officials who have made thousands of poor people homeless. \"It's not justified to demolish the poor people's houses as they are not solely responsible. The state government should take strict action against JDA official and housing societies which have done this to mint money,\" said Vijay Sharma, a resident.After the HC order, it is also expected that the JDA axe will fall on the slums situated in the catchment area. According to officials of JMC, there are 184 slum areas in Jaipur of which 141 are in JMC area while 42 are in JDA region. Many of the slums are located in catchment areas of Amanishah Nullah.Meanwhile, the JDA has geared up to carry out a survey and issue notices to illegal constructions. A senior JDA official said, \"Various teams comprising an executive engineer, an assistant engineer, a revenue officer and an enforcement officer will be formed. A survey will be done and notice will be issued to houses falling in the catchment area. In the 47-km-long nallah area, encroachment is basically done in 17-km area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275341", "title": "\u2018Parties want our support\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: One thing that makes the Panjab University student politics different from the rest of the country's student political arena is minimal existence of those student bodies which are dominant in most other universities and youth wings of strong regional and national parties. Here these student bodies continue to be fringe parties.\"Both SOPU and PUSU wanted to enter into an alliance with us because of our core voters who will only support us. We decided to contest elections on our own this year and are not seeking any support,\" says Dinesh Chauhan, ABVP leader. Despite the Akalis ruling in Punjab, its youth wing here, the Students Organization of India (SOI) neither installed any help desk this year nor is showing signs of any active campaigning. Barring the fact that it has entered into alliance with SOPU, SOI is yet to prove its mettle here.Other party leaders claim that they are still strengthening their presence. \"We have just entered PU student politics last year and we got 507 votes. We will try to strengthen ourself now and our agenda is to fight without any muscle or money power,\" says Lavneet Thakur, SFI, Chandigarh unit president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275235", "title": "More centres for issuing UIDs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents who still haven't got their Unique Identification ( UID) or Aadhaar number, can now go to an enrollment centre in their locality as UT administration has decided to set up additional centres in the city. These will be open on all days from 10am to 5pm.The sites identified include community centres in sectors 21 and 45 (operational up to September 9), community centres at sectors 19, 28 and 42 (operational from Sept 10 to Sept 16). In addition, one enrolment centre has also been set up at Punjab University (near post office). These centres are in addition to those already working as Aadhaar Enrolment Centres at Sampark Centres in sectors 10, 15, 23, 40, 47 and Manimajra.Aadhaar enrolment is free of cost. Residents can enroll at any of the above centres. The residents who are already enrolled are not required to enroll again, unless asked by UIDAI. If any resident, who had applied for the number, and has not received his Aadhaar letter, he may check the status of his enrolment on UIDAI website (www.uidai.gov.in) under the heading, \"Check your Aadhaar status.\"The administration has already notified Aadhaar as valid proof of identity and proof of address. RBI and SEBI have also approved Aadhaar as a valid proof of identity and proof of address for availing various services. In addition, the government is planning to transfer various social benefits directly into the bank account of eligible beneficiaries linked to Aadhaar. In times to come, Aadhaar will make access to the government services/schemes transparent and more convenient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "16275122", "title": "Book bank system to aid students during exams", "text": "Davanagere: Each first year student will get five books for their academic semester from the college library under the new book bank system, said Prof Y Vrushabhendrappa, director of Bapuji Institute of Engineering and technology (BIET), Davanagere. Addressing the 33rd batch of BE students gathering, Prof Vrushabhendrappa said while taking part in the inauguration of first semester BE classes at BIET campus here on Tuesday. The new system has been introduced to grant five books for each student enabling them to keep it for reference during the entire semester, he said adding that students would return them at the end of their exams. Additionally, every student will be allowed to take two more books from the college library, he added. Briefing about campus discipline, the college director ruled out ragging in college campus and hostel premises. Introduced for the first time, Prof Vrushabhendrappa said the digital valuation system of answer scripts of the students by the VTU has been a great success. \"Over 24 lakh answer scripts of the students were evaluated in just 20 days and their results were also announced immediately in a record time,\" he said. The VTU has gone for online filling\" of application forms, attendance, Internal assessment marks and academic data, said Vrushabhendrappa. In case of any discripencies or clarifications to be sought by either student or their parents, one can pay Rs 50 per subject and download the answer script, indicating transparency in evaluation system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272655", "title": "After HC order on mixed traffic, BRT no one\u2019s baby", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government's flagship Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand bus rapid bus transit corridor seems to have been abandoned by the authorities. Weeks after Delhi high court instructed the government to allow mixed traffic on the dedicated lane till a final order was delivered, no agency seems to be willing to take responsibility for the corridor. DIMTS (Delhi Integrated Multi-modal Transit System), the agency in-charge of BRT, claims it is not \"equipped\" to handle a corridor with mixed traffic while the Delhi traffic police says it's not responsible as it was never asked. Said Satyender Garg, joint commissioner of police (traffic), \"We have not received any formal communication from any department regarding this. We will, of course, readily assist in complying with the court order if such a communication comes.\" The transport department, which ostensibly owns the corridor, is equally clueless.As a result traffic movement on BRT has become chaotic. Traffic violations are rampant through the day even as scores of vehicles jostle for space. On Wednesday noon, cars, autos and buses moving from Chirag Dilli towards Pushp Vihar had occupied both lanes of the dedicated corridor. Buses, which now move in all lanes, were stuck midway on the right lane of the erstwhile dedicated lane as they ran into vehicles from the opposite direction. It took S Chatterjee about half-an-hour to move from Chirag Dilli to Pushp Vihar around that time.Said Neeraj Jain, a daily commuter: \"For more than a fortnight, travelling on BRT has become a nightmare as there is no enforcement of traffic rules. Vehicles jump lights and go wherever they please.\" Jain's not the only one complaining. Sagar Mehta, who works in a shop adjoining the BRT, said, \"Earlier, there were marshals managing the traffic during peak hours. Now, you cannot see a single marshal or policeman at any time. An accident is waiting to happen.\"According to DIMTS, the management of the corridor is no longer with it as it doesn't have the expertise or personnel to \"handle\" mixed traffic. \"Since the court ordered that mixed traffic be allowed, we are no longer in charge. The traffic cycle, enforcement and management is with the traffic police now,\" said a DIMTS spokesperson. All that the agency does now is run the traffic lights cycle, added the official. Marshals have been removed from the corridor.Meanwhile, traffic cops claim more cops are present. \"It's very difficult to manage the corridor in its present form. The road engineering needs to be changed and cleared before mixed traffic can be run here,\" said a local traffic cop. He, however, agreed that the situation on the ground was grim. \"The traffic cycles do not reflect the traffic volume, adding to the chaos,\" he said, adding that there was no clarity on who was operating the signals at the intersections, DIMTS or another agency.The transport department was equally clueless on the management of the corridor. Officials admitted that no formal communication had been sent to the Delhi traffic police to take up management of traffic in BRT. \"Since the court had instructed that mixed traffic be allowed, it is assumed that traffic police will manage the corridor in the interim,\" said a senior government official.Times ViewThe authorities cannot just wash their hands of the BRT corridor because the court has asked them to do away with the traffic segregation they had put in place earlier. If the contention is that DIMTS, the agency that was overseeing the BRT, no longer has a role, then the traffic police must be asked to take over the stretch to ensure that traffic going in opposite directions does not get mixed up in the same carriageway. It can't be allowed to become a free-for-all.This hands-off approach smacks of a government that is sulking at not being allowed to have its way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16277508", "title": "Court notice to NHAI, HEL over toll rate hike", "text": "PANCHKULA: A question mark has been put on the proposed rate increase at Chandimandir toll Plaza, as the Panchkula consumer court here has issued a notice to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and Himlayan Expressway Limited (HEL). The authorities had proposed to increase the toll plaza rates by 10 per cent from September, 2012.In the petition, lawyer Pankaj Chandgothia has contended that charging of fees at toll plaza is governed by the National Highways Fee (determination of rates and collection) Rules, 2008 framed under the National Highways Act, 1956 and section 5 of the Act says that the rate of fee can be revised only annually in April each year.\"Chandimandir toll plaza had started operations only in April, 2012 and therefore rates could be revised only in April next year and any revision in rates with effect from September, after just six months would be illegal and violate the Highways Act,\" said Chandgothia.Chandgothia also alleged that the opposition parties were also illegally charging a Rs. 100 fees for issuing the Radio-frequency identification (RFID) tag, flouting the law. RFID is use as a wireless non-contact system that uses radio-frequency electromagnetic fields to transfer data from a tag attached to an object, for the purposes of automatic identification and tracking.However court has issued a notice to National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and Himlayan expressway limited and sought their reply by September 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273566", "title": "State unveils new textile policy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a belated move, the Gujarat government on Wednesday announced new textile policy in order to attract cotton textile entrepreneurs to set up shops in Gujarat.Once considered Manchester of India, Gujarat today accounts only seven per cent of cotton textile manufacturing capacity of the country, even though it produces 35 per cent of raw cotton. \"About 90 per cent of the raw cotton produced in the state goes out of the state,\" said state industries minister Saurabh Patel.\"Gujarat's textile policy will guard the state's farmers from the centre's anti-farmer and anti-cotton export policy, as a result of which the farmers fail to get the required price,\" he said.\"The farmers will be allowed to continue exporting their produce like before to get a better price,\" he added.As per official calculation the total subsidy as a result of the new policy would be to the tune of Rs 2,700 crore. The minister added that the policy is expected to attract investment of over Rs 20,000 crore and will create employment opportunities for over 25 lakh people in the next five years. The state government also plans to have dozen-odd cotton textile clusters around cotton-growing areas, especially in Ahmedabad and Surendranagar districts.Principal secretary, industries, Maheshwar Sahu, said, \"Power crisis in Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu , where cotton textile units are concentrated, has hit the entrepreneurs there. Several of the manufacturers have approached us to open units in Gujarat. We have readily agreed.\"Ginners in Saurashtra have welcomed the policy.Bharat Wala, president, Saurashtra Ginners' Association, said, \"The region produces 75 lakh bales of cotton every year but we have to send it to southern states for spinning. We can reduce the cost of transportation and develop the spinning and weaving industry simultaneously now.\"There are nearly 650 ginning units in Saurashtra and ginners would soon go for establishing spinning and weaving units after going through the policy documents. Welcoming the new policy, textile industry captains in Surat said the sops will boost the state's textile manufacturing, both in cotton and man-made fabric manufacturing.\"Textile entrepreneurs in the city will be benefited under the new textile policy especially in the fields like garment manufacturing and technical textile where the new policy aims at giving interest subsidy as well as VAT refund,\" said Arun Jariwala, chairman, Federation of Indian Art Silk Weaving Industry. He added that new policy will encourage others to set up units in the coming days.Madha Bhadarka, president, Talaja Ginning Association, \"At present, we spend Rs 70,000 per 100 cotton bales for transportation. If we have spinning units here, we can save this amount.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273339", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh may meet Rajapaksa on latter\u2019s private visit to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: In their first substantive interaction after India's contentious vote at the UN Human Rights Council censuring Sri Lanka, PM Manmohan Singh and President Mahinda Rajapaksa are likely to meet during the latter's 'private visit' to India starting September 20.Government sources confirmed that India has conveyed Singh's inclination to have a meeting with Rajapaksa, who has not hidden his displeasure over India's vote in favour of the US-sponsored resolution, even as they suggested that the feelers for such a meeting first came from the Lankan side.The last time the two leaders met was on the sidelines of the Rio+20 summit in June but, as the president told TOI during the course of an exclusive interview last month, they barely had time to dwell on any bilateral issue. Rajapaksa is expected to lay the foundation stone for a Buddhist university at Sanchi in Madhya Pradesh on September 21 in what Lankan authorities have described as a private visit.Sri Lankan government sources confirmed that the president will be in Delhi on September 20 but refused to reveal anything more. Interestingly, Indian officials were at pains to explain that they responded by communicating the government's desire for a meeting between the two leaders only after some \"positive indications'' from the island nation for such a meeting.Rajapaksa, who called upon India to have a relook at its policies in the region in an interview to TOI recently, will be at Sanchi also at the invitation of the Madhya Pradesh government which is helping build the university. While the Indian government has been in rapprochement mode after the UNHRC vote, reflected in the decision to allow the Kapilavastu relics to travel to Sri Lanka last month, authorities here were also concerned that a visit at the invitation of a state government couldn't strictly be a private trip.The meeting will come against the backdrop of latest strife over the issue of alleged attacks on Indian fishermen by the Lankan navy and almost retaliatory attacks in Tamil Nadu on Lankan pilgrims, forcing Sri Lanka to issue a travel advisory asking its citizens not to travel to the state. India was cautious in its response but assured that it will continue to work for the safely of all Lankan visitors.Tamil Nadu leaders, including CM J Jayalalitha, have repeatedly appealed to the Centre to stop \"attacks'' on Indian fishermen by Lankan navy. Rajapaksa had told TOI though that the Sri Lankan law had to be upheld in dealing with fishermen who strayed into its waters and cited the development in which Lankan navy had even detained some Chinese fishermen.It remains to be seen how Tamil parties react to discussions underway between the two countries to facilitate the meeting between Singh and Rajapaksa. Talking about the Sanchi visit, one of the UPA constituents in the state, VCK, recently urged the government to not allow Rajapaksa to set foot in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16273762", "title": "Men in khaki need to be trained, say NGOs", "text": "PANAJI: The police department should hold an orientation programme for the policemen posted at police control room (PCR) vans so they know their duties and how to conduct an inquiry when it comes to women, said NGOs. Their comments were in reaction to an incident that occurred late Sunday night where two young girls sitting in a car parked at the Dona Paula jetty were allegedly harassed by policemen on the pretext of conducting an inquiry.Sabina Martins, convenor of NGO Bailancho Saad, said that the attitude of the police towards women needs to be condemned. She also said that the police brass makes policies but does not monitor to see if they are being implemented. \"The roles and jurisdictions of the police should be clearly told to them,\" she said.Reacting to Sunday's incident, Martins said that the police attitude towards women needs to be changed.Auda Viegas, president of NGO Bailancho Ekvott, said that the police should be taught not only to respect women, but to also protect their dignity. \"I think cops act like roadside Romeos and should give up their uniforms,\" Viegas said.One of Sunday night's victims Fiona Cardozo said, \"I think there should be strict punishment for cops involved in harassing women. Suspension is like a paid holiday for them as when they are reinstated, they are reimbursed the entire amount in the form of arrears.\"Senior police officers said that police constables attached to a PCR van cannot question people beyond their limit. Officers also said that if constables harass any woman, she should immediately dial 100 or approach a higher-up with her complaint. \"Necessary action will be taken,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "16272886", "title": "3 held for duping businessmen of Rs7 lakh", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: Three businessmen who came to Alwar to purchase trucks were duped of Rs 7 lakh and implicated in a false case of rape. Officers at the local Sadar police station were hand-in-glove with the fraudsters.The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Wednesday arrested three persons for criminal conspiracy and lodged a case against a circle inspector and assistant sub inspector of Sadar police station in Alwar.Umesh Mishra, IG, Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) said one Lalit Kumar Meena, who is an assistant commandant with CRPF and posted in Assam, lodged a complaint stating three of his friends were lodged at Sadar police station in Alwar.\"Meena told us that three of his friends from Assam who came to Alwar to purchase earthmovers and trucks were implicated in a false case of rape by some locals in Alwar who claimed to be truck dealers,\" Mishra said.According to the officer, the three men were invited to Alwar, where they had put up at a hotel. A woman was sent to their hotel room. Soonafter, a team of Sadar police also reached the hotel and the woman lodged a case of rape against the three men under Section 376 of IPC.When the businessmen protested, the accused dragged them in a wrong case of thrashing.\"In our investigation we found that the accused pocketed nearly Rs 7 lakh from the three businessmen and deposited it in separate bank accounts. They also got blank cheques from the victims,\" Mishra said.On Wednesday, the ACB team arrested Zakir, Shameem and the woman who had registered a false complaint.\"Since the role of Brijesh Meena, circle inspector, Sadar police station, Alwar and one person was suspicious in this connection, they would also be interrogated,\" Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277666", "title": "Vinay Anand's movie coming up in three languages", "text": "Superstar of Bhojpuri cinema, Vinay Anand is all set to make a record. He is the first actor whose movie is coming up in three different languages. His film 'Mangal Phera' is being made in three different languages; Bhojpuri, Gujarati and Nepali. The Nepali version of the movie is shot in Nepal whereas for the Bhojpuri and Gujarati version shooting is taking place in Gujarat.Vinay Anand is also very excited for his project. Mangal Phera is a horror film produced under Gayatri Films Productions. Gayatri Rathore is producing this film and Shridhar Shetty is the director. Rakesh Trivedi is the music director of the film. Gayatri Rathore said, \" For a very long time I wanted to make a good movie. When Darshan Rathore narrated the script to me I immediately said yes. And as soon as Shridhar Shetty gave green signal we started shooting.\"Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16272882", "title": "Best-ever year sees 43 organ donations in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: An Andheri-based family gave the gift of life to three organ-failure patients after their son was declared brain dead in the early hours of Wednesday. The liver and kidneys of the 27-year-old, who had suffered a brain haemorrhage, were retrieved at Fortis Hospital, Mulund.As per the computer-based distribution formula of the Zonal Transplant Coordination Centre (ZTCC), the liver was gifted to a patient registered with the BMC-run KEM Hospital, Parel, and the kidneys went to a patient at Fortis itself and another at Nanavati Hospital, Juhu.\"The family had come to our hospital from a nursing home. They were very motivated to donate his organs and thus saved three other patients,\" said Fortis's Dr S Narayani. With Wednesday's donations, the city's deceased donor programme has scaled a new high. The programme has so far managed donations of 29 kidneys, 12 livers and two lungs. This overall count of 43 is higher than the count for 2009, when the city managed the donations of 36 kidneys and six livers. ZTCC president Dr Gustad Daver said, \"People seem to have developed faith in the cadaver donation programme after the spate of donations in recent months. Not surprisingly, we have the best donation count this year and hopefully it will rise further.\"Incidentally, the city had witnessed another organ donation on August 21 when a person in his thirties was declared brain dead at BSES Hospital in Andheri. Only his liver was retrieved. It was donated to a person registered for donation at Jupiter Hospital in Thane.The cadaver donation programme has been in the news since former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh died on August 14 in Chennai due to complications arising out of liver cancer. His doctor said he could have helped Deshmukh by performing kidney and liver transplants. But no cadaver was available in the window period in which this could be dome, Deshmukh couldn't be saved, Dr Rela said.Deshmukh's death was followed by intense activity within the state government machinery, with health minister Suresh Shetty announcing last week that Maharashtra would take steps to spread awareness about cadaveric organ donation. Shetty had said that driving licences and students' ID cards would henceforth mention the person's intention to donate organs.A day after Deshmukh's death, the city saw a record number of donations in one day. Two cadavers were identified at Hinduja Hospital, Mahim, and BSES Hospital, Andheri, respectively; six patients with organ failure benefited on a single day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16273323", "title": "HRD felicitates deserving teachers 320", "text": "RANCHI: The human resource department felicitated teachers on the occasion of Teacher's Day. They were selected by the district education officer (DEO) of every district on the basis of excellence, contribution to development of the school and interaction with students.A total of 205 teachers of the state at both district and block levels were felicitated under Jharkhand State Teachers Award Scheme. An amount of Rs 10,000 each was given to 130 teachers at block level and Rs 15,000 each to the selected 75 teachers at district level.Teachers of eight districts including Latehar, the home town of HRD minister Baidyanath Ram were, however, not given any award. This was because of the non-submission of the list of deserving teachers to the HRD department by the DEOs of these districts.Ram said, \"It is highly irresponsible on the part of the DEOs of those districts. Action will be taken against them.\"All selected teachers were felicitated with shawls, medals, certificates, garlands and a draft. Rewarding them, Ram said, \"The teachers should not be mere government employees but participate in the development of every student.\"Chairperson of Jharkhand Academic Council, Laxmi Singh said that many teachers of Jharkhand do not have a sense of belonging. She advocated the formation of a Jharkhand Teachers Service in the state on the format of JPSC and UPSC to give teachers a sense of responsibility.Singh also shared that JAC is working for the betterment of teachers of the state. She said, \"The teachers are being paid on a par with the teachers of CBSE board for answer sheet evaluation and the rate for setting question papers has been doubled.\"The teachers appeared upbeat about the felicitation programme. Dharnidhar Mahto, teaching in Balkrishna Plus 2 High School and was felicitated on the occasion said, \"I am proud to receive such an award. It is very inspiring and will help me perform better as a teacher.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16274764", "title": "'Poor drainage, planning responsible for state of roads'", "text": "BHOPAL: Lack of planning, poor quality control and drainage system are the primary causes for the poor condition of roads in the state capital. Experts told TOI that poor drainage leads to accumulation of water on the roads that eventually washes off a patch or leaves the roads with potholes.The residents are left to suffer while the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is just waiting for the contractors to take charge of renovating them without holding anyone accountable for the people's sufferings.Interestingly, the BMC as of now do not have a plan for comprehensive drainage system for the state capital. The additional commissioner Pramod Shukla too admitted to this while talking to the TOI.N T Vyas, retired chief engineer public works department (PWD) said, improper drainage system across the city is the main reason for damage to the roads.\"The topography of Bhopal is favourable for good roads. But, since the city lacks proper drainage system, the water accumulates on the roads during monsoons and thereby the roads are damaged even during the initial spell of rains.\"\"Moreover, lack of supervision and faulty construction material are other reasons for the roads getting washed away as soon as they are made. There should be at least one official of the civic body on the field supervising the construction activity and ensure that proper procedures are followed. Presently, the work is done as per the convenience of the contractors,\" he said.\"There has to be more stringent quality control especially with regards to the construction material used while building roads. This is another factor, why the roads in Bhopal are damaged within a short span of construction,\" he added.Surprisingly, the corporation has also not initiated any action against contractors who are responsible for the poor condition of roads in the city.\"We do not have any list of civil contractors who are looking after the maintenance of the roads,\" M M Garg, in charge of road maintenance department, BMC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273760", "title": "Expert urges Lucknow teachers to concentrate more on research", "text": "LUCKNOW: Students as well as teacher celebrated Teachers Day with enthusiasm in various colleges in the on Wednesday. While, the state government honoured several teachers of higher, secondary and primary education in various functions held in different parts of the state capital, separate events were also organised by the King George's Medical University and the National PG College to felicitate teachers.Nine higher education teachers from across the state were felicitated at a function organised in Dr Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University ( RMLNLU). K Kasturirangan, former chairperson of Indian Space Research Organisation and a current member of the Planning Commission was the chief guest on the occasion. Addressing teachers, he said, \"The Gross Enrolment of India is 20 million, which is 0.5 million ahead of the United States of America. But, we have set a target of increasing this figure to 30 million till the end of 12th Five Year Plan.\" He emphasised on 'Functional Education', 'Equality in Education' and 'Excellence in Education' and urged teachers to do active research work, as it will lead to quality education. State basic education minister Ram Govind Chaudhary was also present.Prof Shabbir Ahmed , department of Arabic, Lucknow University; Prof Brajesh Kumar Shukla, department of Sanskrit, Lucknow University and Arun Kumar Saxena, department of zoology, Government College, Rampur were awarded Saraswati Samman. The Shikshak Shree Samman was awarded to Prof UC Vashishtha, department of education, Lucknow University; Prof Ram Lakhan Singh, bio-chemistry department, Dr RML Avadh University, Faizabad; Prof Ahmed Imam, social work department Mahatma Gandhi Vidyapeeth University, Varanasi; Ram Prakash Yadav, physics department, Government College, Pilibhit; NK Shukla, department of chemistry, MG PG College, Gorakhpur and Fazlur Rehman, department of chemistry, Faiz-e-Aam Degree College, Meerut.Another function was organised at Rani Lakshmi Bai (RLB) School to felicitate the basic and secondary education teachers. Basic education and child development minister Ram Gobind Chawdhary honoured 17 teachers with award of Rs 10,000 each. For the secondary education 2011 and 2012, nine and seven teachers respectively were also felicitated with award of Rs 10,000. Some retired teachers were also felicitated.In King George's Medical University, lifetime achievement award was given to Prof RK Saran and Prof SK Das. Best teacher's award was given to Prof JV Singh, Prof KK Wadhwani, Prof Jaya Dixit, Prof AK Srivastava, Prof AK Vaish, Prof SP Agarwal, Prof Vinita Das, Prof SC Tewari, Prof Madhu Mati Goel, Prof AK Singh, Prof Vineet Sharma, Prof Amita Jain, Prof AP Tikku and Prof RK Garg. Certificate of Excellence was given to Prof Ajai Singh, Prof SN Sankhwar, Prof AA Mahdi, Dr Jiledar Rawat, Dr Apul Goel, Dr Rishi Sethi, Dr Tulika Chandra and Dr Avinash Agarwal.In National PG College, additional general manager of Allahabad bank Vikas Singh felicitated college principal SP Singh, former president of the Lucknow University Associated College Teachers Association and a faculty at Lucknow Christian PG College Moulindu Mishra and other teachers of the college ML Gupta, Meera Dixit, Kaushiki Singh and Aparna Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16274828", "title": "2.4 kg gold seized from car, UP resident arrested", "text": "PATIALA: A special team of Punjab police, posted with excise and taxation department here, has arrested an Uttar Pradesh resident and seized 2.4 kg gold ornaments from his possession. The accused was allegedly trying to supply the gold without paying mandatory taxes and is likely to face around 50% penalty for tax evasion.The arrest of Ram Pal and recovery of gold valued at Rs 71 lakh from his Swift car has brought the functioning of many jewelers in Patiala and surrounding areas under the scanner as, during preliminary investigations, it has come to light that the accused has supplied gold worth about Rs 8-10 crore during the last nine months to various persons.\"He has been supplying gold ornaments to many jewelers of Patiala area for the last around nine months. The total value of tax-evaded gold may be around Rs 10 crore. We have informed the excise and taxation department, \" said commandant of 1st IRB, Mandeep Sidhu, while displaying the seized ornaments.The cops had received a tip-off about the activities of Ram Pal some days back and since then, they have been chasing him and waiting for an opportune time to catch him red-handed, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274297", "title": "Antony calls high-level meeting to discuss rising suicides in forces", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the number of suicide cases in the armed forces showing no signs of abating, and often causing face-offs between officers and jawans, defence minister A K Antony has called a high-level meeting on Thursday to discuss the matter.The meeting, which will be attended by the three Service vice-chiefs, defence secretary and others, will discuss steps which can be taken to stem stress-related deaths in the armed forces.As earlier reported by TOI, over four times more soldiers now die battling internal demons than fighting militants in Kashmir or the North-East. Around 1,020 soldiers have committed suicide just since 2003, with the yearly toll regularly crossing the 100-mark every year.Over 80 soldiers have also died in fragging (killing a fellow soldier) incidents during the same timeframe. Moreover, in just the last one year, three ugly face-offs between officers and jawans were reported in the 1.13-million strong Army.This is a clear indicator of the declining standards of leadership and discipline in the force, where jawans are no longer willing to be humiliated by their officers. The last stand-off between officers and jawans of an armoured corps unit at Samba in J&K;, in fact, was triggered after a solider had committed suicide on August 8.The one in Nyoma sector of eastern Ladakh in May had ended in a violent clash between officers and jawans of the 226 Field Artillery Regiment, leaving the unit commanding officer, two majors and two jawans hospitalized with limb fractures, bruises and other injuries.Antony, on his part, told Parliament the \"possible causative factors'' for soldiers committing suicide/fratricide are stress, personal problems and financial problems. \"The government has taken several steps to prevent such incidents which include counseling, improvement in food and clothing, married accommodation, leave concessions, facilities for movement of troops from border areas and establishing a grievance redressal mechanism in states,'' he said.But the parliamentary standing committee on defence has repeatedly criticized the MoD for taking only piecemeal steps instead of totally revamping existing mechanisms to deal with stress and other problems faced by soldiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278695", "title": "Annual business symposium to be held on October", "text": "Lattice, the annual business symposium organised by the PGPEX students of the Indian Institute of Management Calcutta, will be held on October 6 and 7 at the institute campus. The two day event will be graced by eminent speakers from diverse industries and it will also have a line-up of exciting events such as a business quiz, panel discussions and alumni meet.Lattice is a platform that facilitates interaction between transformational leaders of Indian society and students of IIM Calcuta. With the theme \"Winds of Change\", Lattice 2012 aims to usher in a wave of new ideas among participants who will go on to be future change agents.According to PGPEX Chairperson, Professor Runa Sarkar, \"An event like Lattice is an idea incubator, and should help us generate thought leadership for businesses and the society as a whole. This event also brings the current students and alumni together.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273186", "title": "Gutka valued at over 6cr seized", "text": "Mumbai: Ever since the state government promulgated the stringent notification on July 20, the food and drug administration sleuths have so far seized Gutkha and Paan masala worth Rs 6.3 crore from 469 premises across the state.The FDA's action assumes significant importance in view of the fact that more than a dozen leading Gutkha and Paan masala manufacturers have filed writ petitions before the Bombay high court against the decision of the government. It's a fact that several writ petitions have been filed before the High Court. Since the court has not stayed the notification, we are seizing the banned production. However, court has asked us not to destroy the seized product, as such, the seized quantity of Gutkha and Paan masala has been kept in our divisional offices or local go-downs,'' a senior FDA official told ToI on Wednesday.After a prolonged delay and marathon debate in the state cabinet, the state government on July 11 decided to invoke the provisions of the food safety and standards act, 2006 to imposed a complete ban on sale, stocking and consumption of Gutkha and Paan masala across the state. Under the act, the food and drug administration commissioner is empowered to issue a notification for the purpose. Accordingly, FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagde on July 20 issued a notification. Even as a notification was issues, there were apprehensions over effective implementation of the ban, however, the results of the decision were visible, after Zagde involved all the district collectors, superintendents of police, municipal commissioners and law enforcing agencies at all levels. Our contention is that consumption of Gutkha or Paan masala is the main source of oral cancer. Under such circumstances it was felt that even if we lost a revenue of Rs 100 crore by way of tax on Gutkha and Paan masala, we were saving a huge amount on treatment of cancer,'' he said.On the contention of the Gutkha manufacturers, the FDA officials said, they have challenged the powers of the state government to issue such a notification and have contested the ill-effects of consumption of Gutkha and Paan masala.Significantly, the official said though initially most of the leading politicians, including a section of cabinet members, were in favour of a complete ban, now they were dithering on the decision. Our information is that efforts are on in certain quarters to dilute the July 20 notification for the benefit of the Gutkha manufacturers. But we will not succumb to pressure and we are sure, our notification will stand scrutiny of law,'' the FDA official said.Region..................premises raided............cost of seized GutkhaMumbai..................30...........................Rs 92.39 lakhThane.....................17............................Rs 35.43 lakhPune........................54...........................Rs 50.85 lakhNashik.....................23............................Rs 49.58 lakhAurangabad...............72............................Rs 30.7 lakhAmravati...................29............................Rs 19.69 lakhNagpur......................28............................Rs 33.04 lakhTotal........................469............................Rs6.3 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16275581", "title": "Tamil Nadu plans printed receipts for auto fare", "text": "CHENNAI: Imagine autorickshaws in the city with a meter that not only works, but also generates a printed receipt! That's what the state transport department has proposed in a report to the home department.Officials say this would help reform the city's transport sector and make the auto fare system transparent. \"Cities have different systems of metering, and we have tried to incorporate the best elements from different places. The meter will give a printout showing the distance and the amount to be paid,\" said a senior transport official.The transport department sent a team to different cities to see how auto worked before putting together the report. While meters in Bangalore and Pune show the distance, in Delhi they show the actual fare. In Mumbai, autos use a rate card. \"If the fare is shown, the meter has to be calibrated every time there is a hike in fuel prices,\" said the official. If the distance is shown, a rate card would have to be published with every hike in fuel prices. \"It is not too difficult to make a duplicate card. To beat this problem, we propose to have a printer in the meter. With a receipt, there won't be scope for arguments,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16273443", "title": "XLRI students to upgrade digital library soon", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Encouraged by the overwhelming response to the digital library in the remote Janumdih village of Potka block in the district, the general management programme (GMP) students of XLRI have announced upgradation of the library.With near full capacity attendance of the young villagers, who are not only reading the books but also spending quality time surfing internet on the computer donated by the XLRI students, the organizers intend to upgrade the library with an additional collection of books. \"We plan to add to the existing collection of books in the library soon,\" said Himanshu Singh, member of the XLRI team that together with the city-based NGO, Kalamandir opened the library and installed the computer with internet and webcam facility, earlier this month.Singh said the digital library and the computer system, currently maintained by a local computer literate youth, Satyaji Barui, will be shifted to a nearby location in the same village. It will then be upgraded with new and interesting features. The library boasts of over 500 books in Hindi, English and Bengali.The NGO and the XLRI team had zeroed in on Janmudih village once they were convinced that this village was most deserving of a proper library. \"During our initial interactions with the local villagers, we had come across an elderly man, village pradhan, Manu Singh Sardar, who had shared with us how for several years he had been planning to open a library in the village,\" a member of the XLRI team said.Deepak Suri, Devesh Thakur, Gaurav Sharma, Mayank Gupta, Ravjit Kokardekar, Mandar Buddhikot, Tanveer Anwar and Paul Jacob, were part of the team that worked on the successful implementation of the sustainable social project.\"Though this is part of our curriculum but it also gives us immense joy to see the villagers happy. With the use of Internet and books available in the library, they would gain so much knowledge with such ease,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16274961", "title": "Monorail for Hubli on track, prelim meet held", "text": "Dharwad: A preliminary meeting in connection with the proposed monorail project for Hubli-Dharwad was held at the deputy commissioner's office here on Wednesday. Deputy commissioner Sameer Shukla, Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority chairman Lingaraj Patil, officials of the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation, Engineering Projects India (EPI) Limited and Malaysian company Scomi took part in the meeting. EPI and Scomi officials made a PowerPoint presentation on monorail project on the occasion. They said the project would require investment of Rs 150 crore per km. They said it would be ideal to take up such a project on Public Private Participation (PPP) model. When Shukla sought details about any such project taken up on PPP model, the officials said they have not yet taken up any such project but have submitted a proposal to Rajasthan government. Later, Shukla told reporters that the EPI and Scomi have proposed to take up the monorail project for Hubli-Dharwad on the basis of PPP model. They have been provided the traffic study report conducted by Directorate of Urban Land Transport ( DULT) in 2009 and told to identify the routes for the proposed project to make it viable. They will also submit a feasibility report regarding taking up the mono rail project on PPP model. They have asked to prepare an approximate route map for the city within 15 days. The route map would be discussed in length later. Meantime, the officials too would conduct the traffic study on their own. The formal proposal would be submitted after getting approval for the route map, he said. The next meeting in this connection would be held on September 22. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar is expected to visit the city on that day, he said. Lingaraj Patil added that the EPI and Scomi officials visited various places in the city and received basic information the alignment of route between Hosur circle and airport in Hubli and from Jubilee circle to Karnataka University and University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS) Dharwad. Patil said it was the right time to invest on such mega projects in Hubli-Dharwad keeping in mind the increasing traffic flow and future development. The Metro rail was introduced quite late in Bangalore and Hubli-Dharwad should not repeat the mistake, he said. He claimed that the proposed project was at the stage of preliminary discussion and it was not yet finalised by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16273307", "title": "Miraculous escape for 55-year-old man impaled on iron rods", "text": "Hazaribag: Doctors of Sadar Hospital saved the life of 55-year-old Ramchandra Pandey on Wednesday by removing a rod that had entered his chest. Pandey fell from the roof and was impaled on iron rods that were lying there.Civil surgeon Binay Kumar said when the patient was brought to hospital from Barhi, a rod entered his body from the back and punctured his lungs. \"When the patient was brought to the hospital, his condition was critical and they were not in a position to send him to Ranchi. Had we referred him to Ranchi, he could have died on the way. After careful examination, the team of doctors, headed by R K Agarwal, decided to operate on him. The doctors even repaired his punctured lung,\" he said. Although Padey's condition is stable since the two-hour operation, he is still in the ICU for observation, Kumar said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275219", "title": "Dominant groups in other varsities are fringe parties in PU polls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: One thing that makes the Panjab University student politics different from the rest of the country's student political arena is minimal existence of those student bodies which are dominant in most other universities and youth wings of strong regional and national parties. Here these student bodies continue to be fringe parties.Despite sweeping Himachal Pradesh University student polls barely a week ago, here the Students' Federation of India's (SFI) can hardly make their presence felt.Additionally, youth wings of national parties including Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and National Students Union of India ( NSUI) have limited vote banks and are dependent on alliances with stronger parties.In such a scenario, Panjab University Students' Union ( PUSU) and Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU), continue to be the only dominant parties that offer 'support' to organizations with lesser existence on campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16274210", "title": "Collapsed palace debris clutter road in Jeypore", "text": "KORAPUT: Four days after a major portion of the Jeypore Palace main entrance collapsed, the debris is yet to be cleared. Both the administration and members of the royal family have washed their hands off the matter with each telling that it is the job of the other. As a result, the remaining part of the entrance stands dangerously and the road blocked because of the debris.\"We had demolished a few portions of the entrance that was hanging dangerously and would have fallen at any time, after the royal family consented to it. Now it is the responsibility of the royal family to either completely demolish the entrance building or to carry necessary repair works as it is their property,\" said Birendra Korkora, sub-collector of Jeypore.\"The debris is lying on the road and causing traffic problems. It has to be lifted by the royal family and we have issued a notice to the royal family under CrPC 133 (condition order for removal of nuisance). We will take action after getting a reply from the royal family,\" he added.While queen Rama Kumari Devi (84), who is residing in the palace remained incommunicado, advocate of the royal family Trinath Singhlal put the ball in the administration's court. \"When a portion of the entrance building had collapsed earlier, officials rushed to the palace and sought the queen's consent to demolish the remaining building and the queen had consented to it because it was necessary for the safety of people and public property. But the administration has abruptly stopped the work halfway and has not contacted us,\" said Singhlal.On the show cause notice from the administration, the advocate said, \"The show cause notice was served on us before the entrance building collapsed and the administration has not contacted us after the mishap.\"Owing to lack of maintenance, a portion of the entrance building of the Jeypore Palacehad collapsed on Sunday after which the administration had swung into action and pressed a team of Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force and fire personnel in to service to demolish few portions of the damaged entrance. As a precautionary measure, the administration has put on barricades in the area thus narrowing the road causing traffic problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16271744", "title": "MLC questions RTE provisions on punishment", "text": "BANGALORE: It's the Right to Education year for Karnataka, when the state finally implemented the path-breaking law after a two-year delay. But on Teacher's Day, an elected representative of the state said the ban on corporal punishment and no-fail policy of the Act will put teachers in a fix.At a felicitation ceremony for teachers at Shikshakara Sadan, B Puttanna, member of the legislative council said: \"Parents are finding it difficult to manage two children at home. How will a teacher manage 50 in a classroom? I'm not advocating corporal punishment. But I'm against teachers being harassed in the name of banning it. There's a no-fail policy also. How will we ensure discipline?\"Sadly, none of the invited guests turned up. These included deputy chief minister R Ashoka , law minister Suresh Kumar , and housing minister Sommanna V.Puttanna also condemned the introduction of NCERT textbooks at PU level. \"When teachers themselves are not equipped, how can they expect students to learn? It'll be difficult for Kannada-medium students as well,\" he said.Puttanna added that the government was using merger of schools with low enrolment as a ruse to close government schools.Around 24 high school and primary school teachers were presented awards and 121 schools were recognized for 100% pass result in SSLC 2012. There are around 600 schools in Bangalore Urban North.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278406", "title": "Priyanka Chopra to visit Bareilly", "text": "Actress Priyanka Chopra is all set for her upcoming inaugural single as a singer.There are hardly two weeks left for it to release and PC is going all way to make it special.Meanwhile, she maintains her hometown, Bareilly connect. Yes , Priyanka is heading towards Bareilly this month to seek prayers &amp; blessings form her birthplace. Even though several years have passes since she left Bareilly, she keeps her connect strong.A source close to her says, \"Priyanka tries to go to Bareilly as and when possible every once in a while. While she's going there after considerable gap this time, seeking the blessings of her family there and the local deity is very important to her. This is the second time she's representing India on the international platform, the first time being the Miss World beauty pageant. So, just like she had visited there after winning the crown, she's taking out time to go to Bareilly to meet her family after the release of her single this month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16271881", "title": "Urban Development minister Kamal Nayh takes dig at CAG over illegal colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after announcing that all 1,639 illegal colonies in Delhi would be regularized, urban development minister Kamal Nath on Tuesday raised the concern that \"somebody\" could allege that this step has caused presumptive loss to the government. Nath made this observation at a seminar organized by the CAG and attended by its chief Vinod Rai.Though Nath's statement is seen as a move to buy insurance for future loss projections, the minister tactfully took a dig at the federal auditor that has caused a huge embarrassment to the government in recent months.Arguing that there was no other option than regularizing these colonies, he said, \"The question today is what is desirable and, on the other hand, what is feasible.\" Nath added many of these colonies are on government land and hence \"tomorrow someone\" would say that \"so much land has been given\" and there is going to be presumptive loss.The minister even said that no political party can say that these colonies should be removed. \"It can be a presumptuous loss but does someone say which is the way out? Can anyone give a solution than regularizing them?\" Nath asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16271861", "title": "NRAI to fine-tune selection policy", "text": "PUNE: The National Rifles Association of India is all set to tweak its selection policy for rifle and pistol shooters once again and has asked the athletes to offer their views.\"This fine tuning is an annual exercise and done before every Nationals. It's part of the selection policy,\" NRAI president Raninder Singh said on Wednesday.The selection policy has been a source of discontent among the shooters and with the Olympics over, it might not be a surprise if major changes are made.The present system, which ranks shooters based on their average score from select competitions, has divided the fraternity.\"In shooting, a few points differentiate between the top shooters and the rest. The current system does not take care of the people who lag behind, they get pushed further back,\" said an NRAI official on anonymity.However, another leading shooter looked at it differently.\"Do you want a policy which identifies athletes who can be picked in the Indian team, or do you want to a policy that produces champions? A good shooter will fit into the system whatever the policy is,\" the multiple medal-winning athlete said.The shotgun shooters have a separate policy.The NRAI also proposes to do away with the post of national coach, which remains unoccupied since last month following the resignation of Dronacharya Sunny Thomas. \"We want to increase the number of coaches and have separate coaches for seniors and juniors,\" Raninder said.\"We are proposing to the government to appoint four foreign coaches each for the two categories. Additionally there will be chief coaches for each event, who will be Indians.\"The NRAI chief met sports minister Ajay Maken on Tuesday and submitted a roadmap for 2020 Olympics. Getting the approval for hiring foreign coaches becomes important also because the present contracts, except that of Stanislas Lapidus (rifle) who has been signed up till the 2014 Asian Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272615", "title": "Paras Bhasin death case: Cops have Bhasin\u2019s suicide note, but say will treat it as murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a fresh development in the Paras Bhasin case, his wife, Shelly, reportedly handed over a suicide note to cops which carries the couple's signatures. Meanwhile, police did a flip-flop in the case with DCP (crime and railways) Sanjay Jain declaring in a press meet that the death was being treated as a murder.In her 13-page statement, Shelly claimed that the couple had attempted suicide at Jhilmil Colony on August 27 but couldn't muster enough courage to go through with it. She also revealed that she was 'compelled' to marry Bhasin as he had tried to slash his veins on May 8, a day before the couple wed at Arya Samaj Mandir.A top police official said that the suicide note only talks of 'broken hearts', blaming no one in particular. \"There is no mention of the girl's parents in the note. We are getting the handwriting checked. Once it's tallied, the case will be shut,\" said an investigating officer, adding that they have traced the route taken by Bhasin on that fateful day by tracking his call details. \"The last call he received was made by a friend whom we questioned on Wednesday. CCTV footage shows that Paras entered Subhash Nagar Metro Station at 3.22pm and got off at Laxmi Nagar Metro Station at 4.22pm,\" said an officer. At least five of Bhasin's friends, including his business partner , were questioned at the Anand Vihar railway station police office on Wednesday. Top crime branch officers even met Bhasin's family. Cops indicated that a separate case of abetment to suicide may be registered.Paras' mother Nina Bhasin, however, rubbished Shelly's claims. \"If both Paras and his wife had planned to die, why didn't Shelly kill herself? Cops have been bribed. They will support the party that pays them more money,\" claimed Nina. She added that Paras was extremely happy three days before his death. \"He was glad that Shelly had broken the news to her family\". Questioning Shelly's claims of being forced into the marriage, Nina said, \"If that was the case, why did she visit us everyday and chat with us for long hours''.Sticking to their stance, the Bhasin family once again held Paras' in-laws responsible for his death. \"Earlier, the police called it a case of suicide. When the media put pressure on them, they said it's a murder case. Now they have gone back to the suicide theory. I saw my brother's face. It couldn't have been chopped into so many pieces if a train ran over it. They are just trying to fool us,\" said Paras' sister Surbhi.A group of around 50 people organized a protest march from Bhasin's Subhash Nagar house to Rajouri Garden, demanding action against his wife's family. His family members also organized another candlelight vigil at India Gate on Wednesday demanding a CBI inquiry.The DCP said that cops were waiting for the final postmortem report and the forensic report. \"We have received the list of drivers who crossed the railway tracks between 3.30pm and 4.30pm on September 1. They will be questioned,'' he said. He, however, said it was too early to crosscheck if Shelly had lodged a police complaint claiming she was being threatened by Bhasin's sister. He also denied that Bhasin was nabbed by the railway police in July when he tried to commit suicide. \"We don't want to jump to conclusions,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16272502", "title": "No sale of Plaster of Paris idols till further orders: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Maintaining its stand on not allowing Plaster of Paris (PoP) idols in the city, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Wednesday directed the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to seize the idols entering the city at the Octroi post itself. However, providing respite to the local idol-makers and those who have already brought PoP idols to the city, a division bench comprising justice Vasanti Naik and justice SP Deshmukh refrained NMC from touching them. On Tuesday, the court had stopped NMC from seizing the PoP idols after their makers had knocked the judiciary's doors.The court was hearing a petition (WP No. 4172/2012) by Vinod Gupta and nine others who claimed to be in idol-making business since over a decade. The division bench asked the civic body to file reply before September 10 on petitioners' contentions. NMC was directed to keep the seized idols in safe custody, preferably in its warehouses. The judges also told the petitioners not to sale PoP idols till further orders.Counsel for the petitioners, Shrirang Bhandarkar stated that the petitioners are into idol-making business since long and had been also importing them. He claimed that every year about 3.5 lakh idols are made or brought into the city on an average and 85%-90% of them are made from PoP while only 10%-15% are made from clay.Bhandarkar contended that before imposing the ban on August 30 in its general body meting, the civic body did not conduct any scientific study on whether PoP pollutes or damages water bodies. He claimed that there is no scientific data that shows PoP affects aquatic life or kills fish or chokes sources of water bodies. Moreover, there is no such law in the country which prohibits artisans from using PoP in idols, said Bhandarkar.Bhandarkar argued that if these idols are banned, religious sentiments will be hurt and might create law and order situation. Thus, petitioners have prayed for quashing of NMC's August 30 orders of banning PoP idols.Senior counsel Chandrashekhar Kaptan represented the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275246", "title": "Training plan for drivers of heavy vehicles on cards", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the wake of rising number of road accidents involving private heavy vehicles and virtually failing to curb these incidents, Chandigarh police, for the first time, have decided to impart practical driving skills to drivers of these vehicles. In this connection they have already approached the transport union here, asking them to send their drivers for the training programme that would start in the coming days. Police have tied up with a private motor company for this programme.In August, two fatal accidents were reported involving trucks. Two motorcyclists had lost their lives after their bikes were hit by trucks. In both the cases, the accused drivers had fled the spot, leaving the trucks behind.\"We have observed that rash driving by drivers of private heavy vehicles like trucks has become a major problem in the city. There are incidents where these trucks were involved in accidents in Sector 26 and Industrial Area, so it is essential to check the driving skills of truck drivers,\" Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of police, told TOI.\"Though earlier we had organized a seminar for them but now for the first time a practical training session would be organized for them. We would test them on various driving parameters and train them accordingly. We have joined hands with a private company for this purpose,\" he added.Kumar said that they would also check the authenticity of the licenses of truck drivers, their challan history and test their driving acumen. If any driver is found unfit for driving then remedial action like cancellation of his licence would be taken.The UT police, in association with a private company, had started organizing driving training programmes for government drivers from April 24 this year. So far they have trained over 200 drivers of various departments like Chandigarh Transport Undertaking ( CTU), government hospitals and various departments like sports, education, police and administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16274542", "title": "Scientists of IIPR develop new varieties of pulses", "text": "KANPUR: Scientists at the Indian Institute of Pulses Research (IIPR) have successfully developed new high-yielding and hardier varieties of pigeon pea (Arhar), chickpea (Chana) and mung bean, as well as a hybrid variety of pigeon pea that is said to be the most remarkable achievement for the institute.Named as IPH 09-5 (hybrid), this cytoplasmic genetic male sterility ( CGMS) based early duration pigeon pea hybrid developed at IIPR has been identified suited for eastern Uttar Pradesh, Bihar , Jharkhand, Orissa, West Bengal and Assam. The most important characteristic of this hybrid pigeon-pea variety is that it exhibits 33% yield superiority over the best existing variety. Also, it is resistant to Fusarium wilt and sterility mosaic diseases. Moreover, the seed is also more attractive in colour, shape and size, the scientists claim.IIPR scientists have also developed IPA 203, a long-duration pigeon pea variety that showed yield superiority by 11.2% over pigeon pea varieties like MA 6. This pigeon pea variety matures in 246 days and the seed is larger, darker in colour, with 23.02% protein content. The variety is resistant to sterility mosaic disease, tolerant to Phytophthora stem blight and resistant to most of the variants of Fusarium wilt. It has been identified for eastern Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Orissa, West Bengal and Assam.Dr N Nadarajan, director, IIPR, highlighted these traits of the new varieties of pigeon pea, chickpea and mungbean developed by the institute during its Foundation Day function. He apprised the scientists present that two other early varieties of mungbean with maturity period of 45-46 days have also been developed at IIPR. These two varieties of mung bean are suited for any cropping system.Further, scientists at the institute have also identified heat tolerant varieties of chickpea and lentil that will be shortly available for cultivation.Notably, IIPR has also developed an online \"Pulsexpert\" system for the benefit of farmers and agriculturalists to identify diseases in the pulse crops and their remedies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16275198", "title": "Government's reaction totally uncalled for", "text": "The government's reaction to the article in the Washington Post is totally uncalled for. The point is not whether the opinion expressed by the author of the Post article is right or wrong, even if that question means anything. When India's information and broadcasting minister says she will take up the matter officially and demand an apology, it suggests to the world that this is a country where publications are not free to express their views on political leaders. Fortunately, that is not the reality. But it is not just this government but the country which is put in an embarrassing position when such statements are made. If the government feels the Post article is ill-informed or poorly argued, it is free to say so or better still to simply ignore it, but to take it up officially is absurd.Related story : US paper criticizes Manmohan Singh, govt furious", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16271686", "title": "Raju kin oppose Mahindra Satyam with Tech Mahindra merger", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Ramesh Ranganathan of the AP high court on Wednesday posted to two weeks hearing on the petitions filed by real estate companies floated by kin of Satyam founder Ramalinga Raju as well as that of the Infrastructure Leasing &amp; Financial Services (IL&FS;) which are opposing the amalgamation of Mahindra Satyam with Tech Mahindra.The companies numbering 37 urged the court to reject the amalgamation as it did not say anything about how it would repay the Rs 1,230 crore loans advanced by them to the erstwhile Satyam Computers.\"Nor did it recognize us as unsecured creditors,\" the companies maintained. Mahendra Satyam management has been using the pretext of an alleged advise rendered by Enforcement Directorate and has been showing the same as 'Amounts Pending Investigation Suspense Account' though no such advise was rendered by the ED in reality, the companies maintained in their petition and urged the court to direct Mahendra Satyam to produce before the court any such letter written by ED. The Raju companies also sought a direction to MSat to conduct a meeting of its unsecured creditors and obtain their views on the amalgamation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277795", "title": "Katie Holmes spotted out and about with co-star", "text": "Katie Holmes set the rumour mill spinning, after being spotted in New York City with her 'The Romantics' castmate Jeremy Strong, last weekend.Strong was apparently giving Holmes the scoop on some amazing places to visit in the Big Apple.The couple also watched Jake Gyllenhaal in off-Broadway hit production of 'If You Haven't Found It Yet.'\"They're totally just friends and have been since The Romantics,\" Us Weekly quoted a source as saying.\"He's very plugged in to the New York theatre scene and is showing her the ropes,\" the source said.As part of the terms of her divorce from actor Tom Cruise , the 'Dawson's Creek' star got primary custody of their six-year-old daughter Suri.Holmes is reportedly most concerned with Suri's welfare at the moment.\"She's not dating nor is she interested in dating yet,\" the source said.\"She's just getting her life together and focusing on her daughter,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16275387", "title": "View the Palace now on wheels", "text": "Mysore: Now, tourists who visit Mysore Palace can bicycle their way around the 72-acre premises and view the spots better and also not miss out on them. Visitors to the palace can now avail the bicycle facility provided by the Mysore Palace Board. The board has started the bicycle facility for tourists. All tourists have to do is deposit Rs 1,000 and bicycle their way inside. Not many tourists are aware of the many temples situated in the premises. Often, tourists are not taken to these spots or there is not enough time to cover them during guided tours. So the bicycling scheme will give them an ample time and opportunity to cover spots not seen before. Like the eight temples and the elephant stable, other than the palace itself. People just come and see what is inside the palace. But they do not get time to check around the palace. So to make their visit more meaningful and enjoyable we started this. It saves time as well,\" said Mysore Palace Board deputy director T S Subramanya, adding, \"Now there are 10 bicycles in the palace. Four bicycles are for ladies, two for men and four unisex bicycles. \"The palace board has plans to buy double-rider bicycles and bicycles for the physically challenged in the near future.\" Subramanya explained that the bicycles meant for the physically challenged will be ready within a month. These bicycles can be taken into restrooms as well. This is to ensure that the trip is comfortable, he added. As many people are not aware of this facility, which was started two months ago, the board has decided to install sign boards in the premises, mentioning the availability of bicycles and cycle routes as well. Visitors are allowed to enter and exit through the 'varaha' gate though there are six gates. So those who avail the bicycle facility cannot exit through other gates. Subramanya said, \"Though it is mentioned that Rs 1,000 has to be deposited, they can also deposit their identity card like driving licence and so on and take the cycle.\" Giridharan, a tourist from Tamil Nadu, is happy with the facility. \"Though I have seen the palace twice, I had not observed the temples around. When I saw the bicycle facility I thought of using it. There are some rare temples here in the palace premises which I was not aware of all these years. Through this scheme I have seen many places within a short time.\"PEEK INTO THE PALACE Other than the palace, tourists can view the eight temples and elephant stable housed in the palace premises. Now there are 10 bicycles in the palace. Four bicycles are for ladies, two for men and four unisex bicycles.UMBRELLAS FOR TOURISTS The Mysore Palace also provides umbrellas for the visitors. If they deposit Rs 500 then they can avail this facility. There are 50 umbrellas currently with the board to help tourists cope with the vagaries of weather and not hinder their sightseeing. \"At times, it is very sunny or it rains. To ensure that this doesn't handicap the visitors, we are providing them with umbrellas,\" said Mysore Palace Board deputy director T S Subramanya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16274494", "title": "Lover thrashed by girl\u2019s brother", "text": "KANPUR: A teenage youth suffered critical wounds after being assaulted allegedly by family members of his lover's family at the platforms of Kanpur Central railway station here on Wednesday.The youth has been identified as Amit, a resident of Baqarmandi area who has been admitted to Ursala Horseman hospital in a critical state. The boy hails from the same locality as his lover, and the couple's families were against their plans to marry.Sources said the girl eloped with Amit instead of going to school on Wednesday morning. The couple subsequently reached Kanpur Central railway station to board a train and leave the city. When Amit was in the queue to purchase tickets from the booking window, the elder brother of the girl, Lucky, reached the spot with two accomplices and brutally assaulted the lovers in public view.The incident was brought to the notice of GRP authorities who rushed to the spot and detained Lucky and one of his accomplices. The third assailant managed the give the police a slip, sources said.GRP personnel later admitted Amit to Ursala Horseman hospital, where doctors stated his condition to be critical.An FIR has been lodged against Lucky and his two aides on the basis of the complaint filed by the teenaged girl.A police official at GRP station said, \"We have received a complaint from Lucky's sister and two people including Lucky have been arrested in this regard. Further investigations are underway.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277270", "title": "Introducing Nachde Punjabi Dancers", "text": "In a chat with Nachde Punjabi Dancers on their aspirations and how important is it for them to win the competitionWho formed your group? Tell us something about NPD. NPD was founded by two brothers Harmeet &amp; Lucky Dhaliwal in 2003. It has only male bhangra dancers and Harmeet Dhaliwal is our captain. And currently we have 6 members in the group.With the forthcoming competition Bhangra Wars 2012 only a month away what would you say are your groups strongest elements? We all believe NPD brings a fast and energetic vibe to the dance floor. People enjoy our mixed modernised/traditional style, which has attracted all target audiences and as our motto goes ' Chasing the dream, not the competition'.Did the founding members of your group receive any Bhangra dance tuition or have mentors who guided and trained them? The founders of NPD have both been dancing for around 12/13 years. They both originally started dancing with a professional group based in West London. Then started 'Nachde Punjabi Dancers' in 2003.What do you think about live music and Bhangra ? Nothing's better than actual live music, the sound, the instruments and the tradition that comes with it, makes you proud of being Punjabi.Competitions are now growing here in the UK. Where do you see UK Bhangra? We say Bhangra has come a long way from what it used to be. Bhangra has had the platform to develop in many ways. Bhangra has been promoted in so many different ways with groups being on TV and radio stations all around the world.How much does winning 'Bhangra Wars' 2012 mean to your team? Winning 'Bhangra Wars' will finally show all our hard work, determination and love for Bhangra. We will carry on loving our industry the way we have for the last 9 years.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278520", "title": "Barfi!: The team of 'Brafi!' to start music concerts", "text": "The Barfi team is taking its get-happy mood for the film very seriously. Starting on Saturday 6th September in Mumbai, the team would be participating in nationwide Barfi musical concerts that would stretch over the weekend, and beyond.The entire music team is expected to participate in the concerts that kickstart at the R Mall Mulund in Mumbai and then proceed to Kolkata (9 September), Bangalore (10 Sept) and Delhi(11 Sept).While the film's principal cast Ranbir Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra and Ileana D'Cruz and director Anurag Basu are expected to join music composer Pritam Chakraborty and his musicians, Priyanka is not expected to sing on stage due to contractual reasons. However, Ranbir, we are told, would be doing a bit of singing on stage. As he feels his mute and deaf character was unable to sing in the film this is his chance of doing so.Says a member of the core team, \"Ranbir and Ileana are expected to sing with the musicians on stage. The idea is to promote the music. The music was released very late and there was no time for the songs to grow on the audience. This live contact would ensure immediate impact for the music.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16274617", "title": "Labourers suffer without water supply", "text": "CHENNAI: Hundreds of migrant labourers live at construction sites across the city without basic needs like safe drinking water, as highlighted by the death of two workers in Pallikaranai on Tuesday. They are suspected to have died of diarrhoea.Private contractors supply water to most of these dwellings at construction sites. The water is drawn from bore wells or open tanks from the neighbouring districts, and the workers don't purify the water. The corporation doesn't distribute chlorine tablets to these temporary settlers.On Wednesday, TOI visited the tin-roofed shanties of 450 labourers near the construction site at Pallikaranai, and found they had no proper sanitation facilities either. After the deaths, construction work has been temporarily stopped. \"We have been getting drinking water from a tanker,\" said a labourer from West Bengal. \"We store water in small vessels till the tanker comes again.. \"Our contractor told us that work has been stopped for a couple of weeks. Many workers have left the city. But we will be back as there is no other alternative,\" he added.Corporation officials confirmed that water contamination was the cause of diarrhoea in the Pallikaranai settlement. Several buildings are being constructed in the area, especially in Velachery, Sholinganallur, Madipakkam, Pallakaranai and Perungudi. Most of the workers at these construction sites are from the northern states, staying in temporary sheds in pathetic conditions.Private tanker lorries don't take responsibility for the quality of water they supply since they don't claim it to be potable. Many of the private lorries source water from bore wells in Thiruvallur and Kancheepuram districts. Corporation officials said a joint squad of revenue, health and police departments would be tasked to conduct inspection of water sources being exploited by the tankers.Corporation joint commissioner (health) Pooja Kulkarni said the civic body will keep an eye on private water tanker lorries. \"We have been taking measures to prevent water-borne diseases. We will also closely monitor private tanker water lorries to ensure safe drinking water,\" adding that the civic body will distribute chlorine tablets if there is an outbreak in any neighbourhood.\"According to the rules, the contractors should provide necessary facilities, including safe drinking water and medical assistance to labourers. The civic body along with food safety officers will initiate surprise raids on tanker lorries,\" said Kulkarni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16278003", "title": "Maruti starts producing new Dzire at Gurgaon to clear backlog", "text": "NEW DELHI: In order to clear pending orders of over 65,000 units of the new Dzire, Maruti Suzuki India today said it has started manufacturing the popular new compact sedan at the Gurgaon plant besides rolling it out from the troubled Manesar facility.Still recovering from the impact of workers' violence in July at the Manesar plant, the company also said it is looking at 10 per cent increase in overall production this fiscal.Earlier, the company was rolling out the old version of the sedan from the Gurgaon plant, while the Manesar plant was producing the new Dzire.\"Now the Gurgaon plant has also started manufacturing the new Dzire after the lockout at the Manesar plant was lifted,\" MSI Chief Operating Officer (Supply Chain) S Maitra told PTI on the sidelines of the annual convention of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).\"We are doing this because we have a big backlog and a long waiting list. We want to clear it,\" he added.At present, the company has over 65,000 pending orders for the new Dzire and the waiting period is about 4-5 months.The new Dzire is one of the best selling models of the company. MSI has been unable to meet demand after production was affected by the month-long lockout at the Manesar plant following violence on July 18 in which a company official was killed and 100 others injured.MSI Chief Operating Office (Production) M M Singh said that at present the Manesar plant and the Gurgaon plants were producing 250 units each of the car per day.When asked about the overall production target of the company this year, Singh said: \"Last year we had a total production of one million units and this year we are looking at 10 per cent more.\"Yesterday, Maitra had said MSI expects to have full employee strength at the Manesar plant by the end of September with the completion of fresh recruitments.The company had around 3,300 workers at the Manesar plant before the July 18 violence.After a month-long lockout, which was lifted on August 21, the company had fired 500 permanent workers and said it would not take back those contract workers who have been found to be involved in the violence.Sources had said the company may not take back nearly 500 contract workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16273819", "title": "Pray if travelling to temple town", "text": "PONDA: Several roads leading to Ponda town are in very bad shape, leaving commuters at grave risk of accidents and ailments.The approximately 3.5km Borim-Curti bypass and the 4km Bethora-Ponda stretch have washed away in the rains. Local residents say the roads have become death traps, and they claim to have become saviours to the several accident victims.Ashok Mhalshekar, who lives near the Borim-Curti bypass, says accidents occur as motorists try to avoid the potholes. \"Accidents have become a daily occurrence on the roads. Whenever an accident occurs, we rush to rescue the motorists and some times we call the ambulances and accompany the victims to the health center,\" Mhalshekar said.Padmanabh Sheldarkar, executive engineer (highways), said the work order for the improvement, widening and hotmixing of the road stretches has been issued, but the work has not started due to incessant rains.\"Any asphalting work in the rains will be useless. The contractor has filled the potholes with rubble and the repairs will be taken up after the rains, by the end of November-December. Asphalting will be done in February 2013,\" Sheldarkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16274757", "title": "Car congestion driving up CO2 levels", "text": "MUMBAI: Bumper-to-bumper traffic in Mumbai is not only pushing up citizens' frustration levels, it is also increasing vehicular emissions on key routes in the city by 33% to 75% during peak traffic hours.A study prepared by the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) which will be released on Thursday shows that travelling from Worli to Chembur after 6pm makes a petrol car guzzle nearly twice as much fuel as during off-peak hours. This doubles the vehicle's carbon dioxide emissions from 390gm, during the trip, to 780gm.The study says that the Mumbai Metropolitan Region will be in grave peril by 2050 if cars keep hitting its roads at the same rate as today. Going by projections, by that time, particulate matter (PM10) emissions in Mumbai from vehicles will more than double-from an already high 1,583 tonnes per year to 3,666 tonnes-and so will nitrogen oxide ( NO2) emissions.Choke-a-block in the MumbaiTraffic jams send vehicular emissions on key routes soaring by up to 75%For eg, a drive from CST to Parel takes nearly 22 minutes more during peak hours. This means nearly two more litres of fuel NEERI study says emissions of particulate matter and nitrogen will more than double, and that of carbon dioxide by 60% by 2050.Study shows pollutant load is highest in Mumbai, followed by Thane &amp; Navi Mumbai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272482", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Varsity students to assist police during festival", "text": "PUNE: More than 5,000 students from various colleges affiliated to the University of Pune (UoP) will lend a helping hand to the city police in maintaining peace and order during the 10-day Ganesh festival, which begins from September 19.On Wednesday, Commissioner of Police Gulabrao Pol inaugurated the first of a series of day-long bandobust training sessions organised by the police for these students, who will be known as 'Police Mitra' (friend of police) volunteers. The training sessions will continue in a phased manner for students from different participating colleges, at the police parade grounds in Shivajinagar.Most of these students are part of the National Service Scheme (NSS) programme that is run by 107 colleges under the UoP. The city police had recently approached the UoP's NSS cell seeking student volunteers to help them in bandobust plans during the festival.The training sessions are being conducted for batches of 600-odd students from nine or 10 colleges each day.The Ganesh festival poses a major security challenge to the police and law-enforcing agencies, considering that the city and the neighbouring industrial hub of Pimpri-Chinchwad besides the Pune and Khadki cantonment areas, collectively account for more than 1,000 small, medium and large Ganesh mandals.Hundreds of devotees throng the Ganesh mandals in the city areas throughout the 10 days to witness the colourful, theme-based tableau and stage acts presented by the mandal organisers. In the last two years, the city has been targeted by terror outfits with the most recent strike carried out on August 1when four low-intensity blasts struck the busy Jangli Maharaj road within a few distance of each other.The prime task of Police Mitra volunteers will be to help the police in bandobust duties and keep a watchful eye on the activities around Ganesh mandals and during key festival events like the immersion procession, which marks the grand finale for the festival.The procession usually draws the largest crowd along the main routes in the city such as Laxmi road, Tilak road, Kelkar road and Kumthekar road.Each of the Police Mitra volunteers will be given an identity card for the festival period and will be allotted specific bandobast wards. They will also be presented a certificate by the police at the end of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16275614", "title": "Anna Arch to stay", "text": "CHENNAI: Anna Arch, built by MGR in memory of his mentor CN Annadurai in 1985, will live to tell the tale of its survival after chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Wednesday ordered stalling of its demolition .The landmark twin arch had withstood attempts by workers to bring it down using a variety of equipment including diamond cutters since Saturday. The structure was to be pulled down to make way for a twin flyover-subway project to east traffic on Poonamallee High Road.The 117crore state highways project envisaged by the previous DMK government, will now be realigned, but it will suffer a sixmonth delay. \"I have directed the officials not to remove the arch, one of the city's landmarks . The alignment of the flyover linking EVR Salai (Poonamallee High Road) with Anna Nagar will be taken slightly to the eastern side and the works will resume,\" Jayalalithaa said in a statement on Wednesday.\"I am happy to announce that attempts to remove the Peraringnar Anna Platinum Jubilee Arch have been stalled,\" she said. The state highways department was making futile attempts since Saturday to dismantle the massive structure, using diamond cutters and towering cranes. Police had prohibited entry of vehicles through the arch which was to be demolished by a private contractor for 8 lakh.The flyover-subway plan is to link Nelson Manickam Road with Third Avenue, Anna Nagar to ease traffic congestion on Poonamallee High Road, which has seen a multifold increase in traffic. A comprehensive traffic and transportation study by the CMDA in 2009 revealed that the average travel speed on Poonamallee High Road had come down from 32 km/hr in 1992 to 25 km/ hr in 2008. The ongoing metro works on the arterial road, too, has slowed down traffic.At least 240 piles have been built on three sides for the flyover, and tens of pillars have been completed on Third Avenue Anna Nagar and for raising a loop on the western side. \"A consultant will be engaged shortly to study the feasibility of change in alignment on the eastern side. In all likelihood, the alteration will reduce the travel speed from the proposed 80 kmph by half,\" a senior government official said. A team from Mumbai is likely to be engaged to do retrofitting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16273059", "title": "Down time after drug high", "text": "RANCHI: An alarming number of women in Ranchi are seeing mental health doctors to deal with substance abuse issues. The number of women addicts has risen both at Ranchi Institute of Neuro Psychiatry and Allied Sciences (Rinpas) and Central Institute of Psychiatry (CIP) - the two premier mental health institutes in the state capital. Experts said that many of the women suffering from various mental disorders are victims of domestic violence, rape, sexual assault and child abuse.At 32 years of age, Rachna recently left her job with a reputed multinational firm in New Delhi and returned to Ranchi, where she was diagnosed with a mental disorder. \"She often got violent and attacked anyone without provocation. Having refused to marry, she took to sleepwalking,\" said one of her relatives, who consulted experts at Rinpas, where the doctors found out that she was a substance abuser suffering from depression. Rachna is now going through the treatment course at the institute. Similarly, the 27-year-old Priya left her engineering job in Mumbai and returned to Jamshedpur after she failed to address her addictions.Far beyond alcohol and cigarettes, several women these days report addiction to heroin, cannabis and even pharmaceutical painkillers. Mental hospitals in Ranchi have several patients who were doing well in metros, but had to return just because they could not resist peer pressure and succumbed to drug temptations. In 2009, a total of 403 women visited Rinpas to deal with substance abuse. The number increased to 465 in 2010 and 510 in 2011.Dr Manisha Kiran, associate professor in the department of psychiatric social work at Rinpas, said: \"Most of the women substance users are in their 20s or 30s and belong to belong to an urban background. They are single, educated and employed and we have observed that they usually a history of physical abuse as children. Early financial independence and poor decision-making are the main causes of such problems.\"Alankara has a different story. The only child in a Kanke-based nuclear family in Kanke, she has been a regular visitor to Rinpas for the last four months. \"My parents quarrel a lot. I just could not imagine a world without drugs,\" she told TOI. The chain-smoker has been seeing doctors at Rinpas for her various addictions.K S Sengar, associate professor at Rinpas, said: \"Parental abuse, harsh discipline and extremely strict upbringing, and the failure of parents to maintain an emotional connect with their children also lead them to drugs. We believe that it is mostly the boys who turn to drugs, but that is not true and girls are just as vulnerable to fall prey to peer pressure.\"Experts said the trend is a matter of concern. \"Though drug use is considered a minor problem in Asia, it is gradually emerging as a big threat to urban India,\" said Dr Jyati Simlai, associate professor and head of the psychiatry department at Rinpas. He said two out of three women in the city suffer from some psychological issue or the other. \"A large number of them are victims of domestic violence, incest, rape and sexual assaults. Some of them have been physically abused as children. They face problems to communicate and adjust with their family members and some even have suicidal tendencies,\" he added.Amool Ranjan director RINPAS regretted that people have attached a stigma with the drug abuse. \"Addiction is not an anomaly or a disorder. It is a full blown disease that needs proper treatment. People should encourage addicts and substance abusers to seek psychiatric help,\" Ranjan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16277909", "title": "Need to identify priority areas for biodiversity conservation : Parasuram", "text": "BHOPAL: Methods are needed to identify priority areas for biodiversity conservation and people should also be linked with activities of Bio-Diversity Board, said MP chief secretary R Parasuram chaired a meeting of State Bio-Diversity Board here on Wednesday.Farmers should be especially motivated for growing profit-making crops for which they should also be provided necessary cooperation with coordination of the Agriculture Department. Parasuram directed to complete the process to select place for Bio Diversity Centre.The meeting acknowledged the board's initiatives to conserve paddy's traditional and indigenous varieties, identify and register varieties of coarse cereals and prepare germ-plasma of mango varieties.However, the agreed on the need for publicising qualities of mango varieties being grown at Matkuli (Hoshangabad). It was informed at the meeting that working on a project, Agriculture College, Rewa has prepared germ-plasma of 135 varieties of mango. These extinct varieties of mango will be preserved by grafting them at various places.At the meeting, discussion was also held on fish species found in Madhya Pradesh. As many as 67 fish varieties of Betwa basin and 52 of Chambal basin have been documented. Under this project, a study and socio-economic survey of dependence of fishermen's communities on diversity of aquatic life are also being undertaken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16271800", "title": "Now, get Thai visas within 24 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to speed up the processing of visa applications, Thai Visas and Cox and Kings will now provide visas to the country within 24 hours of submission of documents. Currently, it takes at least three days for a Thai visa to be processed. Thailand being a popular short-haul international destination, the move will help travellers get a quick visa for short weekend holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273840", "title": "12-yr-old boy kills his stepmother", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 12-year-old shot dead his stepmother on the outskirts of Muzaffarnagar district using his father's licensed revolver on Wednesday afternoon and then went to the local police station, informed them about the crime and surrendered. He said that he was fed-up with the unprovoked thrashing that his step-mother gave him and his younger sister unprovoked.A resident of Radaspuri locality in Banat police circle of Shamli area situated in a rural pocket of Muzaffarnagar, the minor boy Sahil's (name changed) father had married the younger sister of his wife after the latter died of prolonged illness about an year ago. Initially things went find but soon Sahil and his younger sister found themselves facing the ire of an agitated step-mother for every minor fault of theirs, and sometime without any as well.As per the statements of the minor boy before the police, the step-mother did everything that is generally shown in films to depict a nasty lady handling her step children. The boy claimed that he and his sister were kept without food for the entire day and was served a meal once - in the night when the entire family had dinner together. \"Our attempts to register our protest before our father were taken adversely by him and his wife as well. Though she usually did not mess with me after I warned her that I will run away from the house, she mistreated my younger sister which I did not like. I asked her a number of times not to beat her up or scold her for every other small thing that she did wrong, but she did not listen to me,\" the boy told the police.On Wednesday morning, after Sahil's father left for work, Sahil's step-mother reportedly started beating his younger sister with a stick after she allegedly spilled some water on the floor while carrying a big bucket full of water. Sahil asked her not to beat the young child, but she did not pay any heed. In a fit of rage, Sahil then took out his father's licensed revolver and shot his step-mother dead. \"It was a routine affair and I could not take it any more. Watching my sister being punished for nothing despite doing all the housework got unbearable and I ended the nightmare once and for all,\" Sahil reportedly told the police.Taken by surprise by the manner in which a 12-year-old murdered his stepmother and then surrendered, the cops at the local police station did not take Sahil seriously at the first go. It was only after they took him back to his house and found the woman lying dead in a pool of blood with a gunshot wound. The police then sent the body for post-mortem examination to establish the cause of death. Police said, Sahil would be produced before a juvenile court and thereafter remanded to a reformatory for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16272947", "title": "Thieves flee with bag containing Rs 4.5 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: The issue of rising street crimes in the city came into focus again with a sensational bag-lifting incident at Quetta Colony on Wednesday evening. Unidentified thieves decamped with bag containing cash of Rs4.5lakh from a businessman's employee under the jurisdiction of Lakadganj police station.Police said, Shafi Khan, whose employer deals into property and also owns a sari shop, withdrew the cash from a bank and kept it in a bag in his scooter's dickey. On way to his office, Khan's scooter got punctured. He parked the vehicle on the road and walked a few steps to call the mechanic. On returning to his scooter, he found the bag containing the cash missing. Khan immediately alerted the police control room. Surprisingly, Khan's employer chose not to file a police complaint.This is the third major robbery in the city in the last nine days. On August 27, mobike-borne youths had lifted bag containing cash of Rs5.65 lakh from the car owned by Akshay Kohli on Manewada road. Four days later, mobike-borne youths had robbed a senior citizen Murlidhar Ansari and fled with carry bag containing cash and valuables worth Rs7.40 lakh on Temple Bazaar road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16271268", "title": "Scientific drainage system needed to check landslides", "text": "GUWAHATI: Ten deaths in the city this year alone in landslides point to the inherent dangers the hillocks are exposed to because of a rapid population growth, unscientific construction of houses and poor drainage. All the 19 hills of Guwahati face this threat. In the past 10 years, over 70 people died here because of landslides.\"The population in the hills has increased manifold in the past 10-12 years. Huts, Assam-type houses and even RCC buildings have been constructed by cutting hill slopes. It's like inviting death,\" said Dhruba Jyoti Das, CEO of the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), Kamrup (Metro) district.A survey instituted by the district administration in 2010 revealed the population in the hills was 65,894. Since then, the population has gone up and unofficial estimates say nearly two lakh people now live here.A population of over 21,000 people was recorded in Garbhanga, Narakasur and Fatasil hills. That number has also shot up in the past two years.On one hand there is a growing population pressure on the hills and on the other there's no instruction from the administration about the rules to follow while constructing houses. It's been over a decade now that the administration has been mulling a strategy to safeguard the hills and improve drainage.Das admitted that lack of proper drainage is one of the key factors for the recurrence of landslides in the hills.An official of DDMA informed that the Guwahati Landslide Mitigation Project will soon launch a website, where citizens will be assisted with advice on constructing houses.Many feel that since the Assamese are essentially dwellers of the plains, they have no expertise in building houses in the hills. This could be one possible reason why the hills are being cut haphazardly to make way for dwelling units.\"We have entrusted the responsibility of conducting a Rapid Visual Screening (RVS) of the hills on an Assam Engineering College (AEC) team. The team is studying the factors triggering the landslides and will come up with a solution,\" Das said.The team will submit its observations before the DDMA in 15 days' time, said Diganta Goswami, associate professor of the civil engineering department of AEC. He put emphasis on keeping separate provisions for the hills in the existing building bylaws of Guwahati.\"A scientific drainage system for the hills is needed urgently to prevent landslides. Since there is no proper drainage, drain water falls on the hill slopes triggering landslides. We will suggest a separate drainage network for the hills,\" said Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16274927", "title": "Way cleared for metro rail in Secunderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: After dilly-dallying for years, defence authorities have agreed to hand over an acre of land belonging to the Secunderabad Club to the Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited for a metro station and circulation area.The 'Board of Officials' (BoF), which has representation from Army, Defence Estates Office, Military Engineering Services (MES) and headed by the Andhra Sub-Area Commandant, met recently and discussed the proposal sent by the L&T; Hyderabad Metro Rail to the local Defence Estates Office (DEO) seeking three-acre land, including one-acre club land, for the right of way and construction of a metro rail station and circulation area.The HMRL needs three-acre land, including an acre belonging to the Secunderabad Club and remaining two acres between Jubilee Bus Station (JBS) and YMCA X Roads, for its corridor-II . HMR had submitted drawings pertaining to the right of way, metro station and circulation area to DEO authorities in 2010. \"The Board has taken a decision to hand over three-acre land. A resolution to this effect was also passed unanimously at the Board meeting,\" Defence Estates Officer, AP Circle, A V Dharma Reddy told TOI. However, the Board put up a rider saying that until the state government allots land in lieu of defence land no permission would be given to conduct soil tests on the defence land. Though the government has allotted around 25-acre land in Rangareddy district , it has not yet issued the necessary orders, he said.\"For ratification, we will send the resolution to allot defence land for metro rail to Ministry of Defence (MoD). Once, we receive the GO then the file will be sent to Delhi for granting the land to the state government,\" official replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274152", "title": "BJP, SP opposition to promotion quota may stir political pot", "text": "NEW DELHI: The political landscape seems set for a big change, with BJP and SP's unprecedented bid to break from the 'dalit line' holding the potential to stir social equations frozen since the Mandir-Mandal upheaval.BJP's rebuff to Mayawati's request that it pause the Coalgate agitation to allow the passage of constitutional amendment bill jolted government insiders who had assumed that the opposition party would not risk the taint of being \"anti-dalit\". The thumb rule, since mid-90s, has been to be on the right side of reservation debate.Briefing for Congress, Union minister Jairam Ramesh said, \"SP's unfortunate stand was known but I hold BJP's stand to be far more cynical because Atal Bihari Vajpayee government passed a constitutional amendment for promotion quota ten years ago. I think BJP stand is more despicable than SP.\"While BSP supremo Mayawati slammed BJP for being anti-dalit, National Commission for SCs chairman P L Punia said the main opposition party would pay for its stance in the coming elections.Though couched in concern over corruption, BJP's refusal to pledge support to the Constitution amendment bill appears to be pitched at the upper castes and OBCs who are agitated about promotion quota. Few believe that BJP would have shown readiness to be seen as opposing dalit quota without the consent of Gujarat and Himachal CMs who face polls in December.Observers saw a newfound saffron tilt towards upper castes. It showed that BJP politics was coming a full circle, having started with opposition to Mandal report but then thrice propping up Mayawati as CM in the hope of winning over dalits. The Vajpayee regime passed three constitutional amendments to steel 'promotion quota'.To the extent that there is an overlap between anti-reservation sentiments and the urban middle class angst driving the anti-corruption agitation, the party could be hoping to use strategic ambivalence over \"promotion quota\" to regain the constituency which sided with the Congress in the last two Lok Sabha elections.Even otherwise, the party could not have hoped to derive gains from backing a measure which has Mayawati stamped all over it.As much is true of SP whose new anti-quota pitch marks a drastic break from its long-held strategy of avoiding aggression against Mayawati's plank. In fact, Mulayam Singh Yadav had tried to live down his \"anti-dalit\" image and purposefully attended the BSP chief's swearing-in as CM in May 2007.Like BJP, SP is hoping to add upper castes to its OBC core for the 2014 polls. Of course, sceptics would wonder if upper castes would vote on SP's anti-quota stance when it has been a staunch Mandal outfit that won 27% reservation for backwards. \"Why will they not vote on its corruption, crime and misgovernance,\" a Congress leader asked. But for an SP strategist, the rising dissatisfaction with Akhilesh Yadav's performance might well be the reason to try a new tack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16274845", "title": "Infant dies of diarrhoea, dalits allege poor sanitation", "text": "PATIALA: Lack of sanitation in the dalit colony of Rampura Padta village under Patran sub-division has cost its inhabitants dear as diarrhoea has claimed the life of a one-year-old child and afflicted 15 other children and 11 youngsters. The Patiala civil surgeon (CS) had toured the affected village, but dalits alleged that there was no improvement in health services even after his visit.The deceased child has been identified as Karn while the affected included Jashanpreet, Ajay Kumar, Prince, Shouki, Nitin, Ravi Kumar and Neha.Some dalits, standing near their colony, alleged that there was no drainage system in the colony to remove sewage and rain water, while lack of potable water has further multiplied their problems. Heavy rains of Tuesday has converted many parts of their colony into dirty ponds, which are now perfect breeding grounds for mosquitoes and malaria outbreak chances are also high, they said.\"We were getting water from village water supply tank. But some days back, the supply pipe was damaged by some vehicle. Since then, we have to drink polluted water from handpumps. There is no cleaning in our colony. We have no other option but to stay in this hell,\" alleged Gurmeet Singh, a dalit.Some women of the colony alleged that though landlords of the village never created any problem for them over fetching of potable water from the landlords' houses, it was impossible for them to bring the entire water needed by them from other areas.\"We cannot bring water from other areas for our entire needs, as it takes lot of time and hard work. We have to bring fodder for our animals and also perform other household chores,\" said Satwant Kaur, when asked why they don't bring water from other areas.Senior medical officer of Samana hospital, Dr Raj Pal Singh, said they have formed special teams. \"We have been providing the best treatment and hopefully, all will recover within a few days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "charlotte (north carolina)", "code": "16273428", "title": "Gujarati gets top honour as US Democrats meet", "text": "CHARLOTTE (NORTH CAROLINA): Chicago-born Smita Shah has become the first Indian-American to serve as a Democratic National Convention parliamentarian. The convention began on Wednesday. Shah, a close supporter of US President Barack Obama , is vice-chair of the Chicago Plan Commission.She heads Spaan Tech, an information and management technology firm with contracts potentially worth several million dollars. Her parents - Niranjan and Pratima Shah - migrated to the US from Gujarat in the 1970s. Father Niranjan is credited with founding and running one of the most successful engineering companies in Chicago, which was involved in many infrastructure projects in the city. He was an influential member of the Indian American community and an active Democratic Party member as well.Addressing the convention, House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer said Shah is the \"first person of Asian Indian descent\" to serve as a convention parliamentarian. \"It is our responsibility to help the chair apply and enforce the rules of this convention,\" Hoyer said describing the role of the convention parliamentarian.\"During the convention, the parliamentarians will be available to respond to any of your questions about the order of proceedings, the methods of voting and the nature of the proceedings. Each delegation can call our office at any time, and a parliamentarian will always be on the podium and available for advice and counsel,\" Hoyer said. Shah, according to publicly available documents, has been a major donor for the Obama Campaign and the Democratic Party. She has donated more than $70,000 to the Obama Victory Fund 2012 and another equal amount to the Democratic Party. A licensed Professional Engineer, Shah founded Spaan Tech in 1998 and has pioneered its growth into a multi-million dollar engineering, construction management, and programme management firm with special expertise in infrastructure projects including: roads, highways, airports, and buildings. In 2008, the firm was recognised as one of the fastest growing companies by Inc. Magazine. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16275646", "title": "Railway passengers alighting at odd hours make for easy prey", "text": "CHENNAI: When Anup Das arrived in Chennai by Coramandel Express on Tuesday evening, little did he realise that taking an autorickshaw would cost him more than half the money he spent on a sleeper class train ticket from Howrah. The first autorickshaw driver he met near the Moore Market complex asked for 400 for a trip to Vadapalani. He asked several others who demanded the same amount. It took a while for Das to realise there is a cartel working among the auto drivers at Central.The cartel hikes the fare in the late and early hours. When Vikas Jha, an engineering student came to Chennai by the Dhanbad-Alappuzha Express in the wee hours recently, he was charged 300 from Chennai Central to Adyar. \"I had to pay whatever they asked for. What else could I do at 4am?\" he said.The scene is no different at Egmore station where alighting train passengers are fleeced with impunity. Amar, a software professional from Delhi who came by the Tamil Nadu Sampark Kranti Express recently, was forced to pay 350 to reach Taramani in the evening. \"The auto drivers in Delhi do not ask for such exorbitant rates. I normally do not take an auto in Chennai, but was forced to take one today as I was hard pressed for time,\" he said.Some drivers at Chennai Central and Egmore said if they wanted to charge less, the 'thalaivar' (leader of the cartel) would not allow . \"If you have to get business here, you have to be part of the gang,\" said a driver.This is nearly 10 times the official rate fixed by the government. In metros like Delhi, the government has fixed separate fares for night and day, thus balancing the concerns of commuters with the demands of the drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16274581", "title": "Madurai gets its first art gallery", "text": "MADURAI: Madurai's first-ever art gallery was inaugurated on Wednesday, much to the delight of art lovers in the temple city.According to Siva, the curator of this gallery, Madurai has a lot of artistic talent but there are many artists who have not been able to showcase their talent due to lack of a proper gallery. Hence, the newly inaugurated gallery at Sarojini Street in Chinnachockikulam.The gallery will promote artworks by local artists, through shows. Senior artists will also be invited for demonstrations to learners. Movies based on art and artists like documentaries on famous artists like Picasso and Ravivarma will be screened periodically for the benefit of art lovers. It will also be a place from where people can source and buy good paintings at reasonable prices.Free classes will be organized for students and interested persons on various art forms including oil painting, acrylic painting and other mediums on Sundays.The gallery now has various paintings by Madurai-based artists K C Murugesan, R Siva and Ramanan. Rengarajan, an interior designer, has promoted the art gallery along with Siva and Ramanan.Siva said the gallery would strive towards creating awareness about the various art forms and organize exhibitions along with other galleries in Chennai and Mumbai. A person who had an adequate number of paintings or artworks was welcome to come forward to exhibit them in the gallery. An artist who could produce quality works, could utilize the space to work, he said.Also, they would help artists take part in art fairs which would be conducted throughout the nation and even internationally.This gallery was inaugurated by artist Trotsky Marudu, Karumuttu T Kannan, G Vasudevan, Shobana Ramachandran and chief manager of Indian Bank Megalai Muthuraj, in the presence of its proprietor Rengarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16272921", "title": "Girl injured in wall collapse in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: A six-year-old girl was injured when a wall of a house collapsed in Longia Mohalla on Wednesday afternoon.The incident took place at the house of one Gopal Kumar of Longia Mohalla. Gopal is the neighbour of Siraj, whose house collapsed a day before and three people died in the incident. \"We rushed out with our items but my daughter Kalawati got hit by debris. She got wounds and was taken to hospital,\" said Gopal's wife.Meanwhile, incharge minister of the district Bina Kak reached Ajmer and visited several areas of the city. She talked to family members of Siraj in Longia Mohalla and assured of relief measures. She also went to Gujjar Dharti, Nagra and Jhalkari Nagar where she met affected people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16274871", "title": "Dengue virus mutation worries Chandigarh doctors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A recent gene mutation of the dengue virus has left the scientists and doctors baffled. The change in the gene pattern has weakened the effect of the available vaccine against dengue.This was revealed at a workshop held at the PGI here. Experts from National Vector Borne Disease Control Program also attended the workshop. The PGI lab is working on developing specific agents to target the changes and overcome the vaccine's limitations. PGI is the reference lab for Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab and Chandigarh.\"We have come across mutations in the dengue virus on molecular level. The virus has four types of serotypes/strains and there are further sub types. There is a change in the genetic pattern of the virus,\" said Dr R K Ratho, head of the virology department, PGI.Elaborating on the effects of the mutation, Dr Ratho said, \"There is no change in the symptoms of dengue. There is change in the virus structure according to which medicines and vaccines are prepared. With this alteration, the existing medicines will have no effect.\"Worried over this, the Centre has recently categorized PGI's virology lab as grade 1 for diagnosis which will study all these mutations. Dr U C Chaturvedi, scientist consultant, department of health research, Indian Council of Medical Research, said, \"We have a target of 23 such labs all across the country. At present, 17 labs have been set up to diagnose all types of viruses on daily basis. Those viruses which are labelled as mystery fever will be soon recognized in all these dedicated labs.\"Dengue is a disease caused by any one of four closely related dengue viruses - DENV 1, DENV 2, DENV 3 or DENV 4. The viruses are transmitted to humans by the bite of an infected mosquito - Aedes Egypti.Dengue hemorrhagic fever DHF is a more severe form of dengue infection. It can be fatal if not detected on time and properly treated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16271832", "title": "1 more suspect held from Chikmagalur", "text": "BANGALORE: A two-day annual meeting of state police chiefs in the national capital beginning on Thursday is expected to focus on the two terror modules busted in Karnataka last week.The meeting has been organized by the Intelligence Bureau . DG&IGP; Lalrokhuma Pachau and state intelligence chief Gopal Hosur have left for Delhi to participate in the meeting.City police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said the questioning of terror suspects is progressing at its own pace and nothing could be said as of now. \"We will try to get as much information as possible from them before they are produced before court at the end of their police custody,\" he said.A police source told TOI that one more terror suspect was picked up from Koppa in Chikmagalur district. \"If he is required, we will produce him before the court and take him into police custody,\" the source stated.\"We are yet to find concrete evidence against him,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16277740", "title": "Bridging borders through medical journal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: What connects these men in white coats across the border is working collectively for a healthy nation without caring for the divide that exists between India and Pakistan. These medicos from Punjab and Kolkata medical colleges have virtually linked themselves and have been attempting to bridge the differences. Discussing their ideas online by using medical journal as a medium, they are interacting and exchanging case studies as the western medical literature does not share the same genetic profile as the two neighbours.Dr Anis Rehman and Dr Haris Riaz, Chief Editor, Journal of Pakistan medical students had taken this initiative last year. They have not limited the access as the journal is free and discusses how to work together with developing nations on overcoming some diseases.\"It had been felt that young medical students seldom get an opportunity to get publications in known journals. So we started working on this area with like minded doctors in Pakistan and India,\" said Dr Soumyadeep Bhaumik, editor of the journal representing India.Dr Sourabh Aggarwal of mission hospital, Shahkot, Jalandhar has been actively blogging on medical cases. \"I discuss my cases and studies online and whenever there is something common we try and analyze by comparing the data,\" said Dr Sourabh.Virtually these health experts have formed a platform where senior and young medical students of the sub continent share mutual experiences and collaboration. \"We believe that the joint efforts will enlighten the researchers, and through them the people of the sub-continent,\" said Dr Haris.Almost merging the two nations online through deliberations on common health problems, there are now 300 such doctors who have spread to the US, UAE, Dubai also.Right from malnourishment, role of vitamin D in TB, snake case bite cases to polio and why women doctors quit medical profession after graduation, the medical fraternity has found a common ground. \"Last year, I worked with Indian doctors on finding the reasons why females in our nations quit medical profession after graduation. I had an opportunity to learn about Indian Krait Snakebites and its treatments from an Indian doctor,\" said Dr Rehman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16272313", "title": "PU depertment gets new director", "text": "BANGALORE: IAS officer Chakravarthi Mohan has been appointed as director of the department of pre-university education and executive director of Karnataka Examination Authority. Rashmi V Mahesh, who held this position, has been shifted and appointed as secretary, RDPR department, panchayat raj.The government on Wednesday transferred many IAS officers and two IFS officers. Some of the officers and their new postings are: G Latha Krishna Rau (principal secretary, revenue department); KP Krishnan (special officer coordination, DP&AR;, Karnataka Bhavan, New Delhi); K Shivram (regional commissioner, Bangalore division); Rajeev Chawla (principal secretary, department of public enterprises); DK Rangaswamy (commissioner, women and child development department); VB Patil (managing director, Mysore Minerals Limited); P Hemalatha (mission director, Karnataka State Rural Livelihood Promotion Society); Dr R Vishal (mission director, National Rural Health Mission); Vipul Bansal (state project director, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan); Manoj Jain (managing director, North-Western Kamataka Road Transport Corporation, Hubli); NS Prasanna Kumar (deputy commissioner, Gulbarga district); Kapil Mohan (managing director, Krishna Bhagya Jala Nigama Limited is placed in additional charge of the post of MD, Kamataka Renewable Energy Development Limited); VP lkkeri (deputy commissioner, Chitradurga);SN Nagaraju (additional director, food, civil supplies &amp; consumer affairs department); BF Patil (commissioner, Karnataka Slum Development Board); FR Jamadar (deputy commissioner, Yadgir District);Hemaji Naik (CEO, Zilla Panchayat, Raichur); Mohamad Salahuddin (director, SEP, Rural Development &amp; Panchayat Raj Department); ST Anjan Kumar (deputy commissioner, Chikmagalur district; V Geethanjali (CEO, Zilla Panchayat, Bidar)Zulfikarulla (CEO, Zilla Panchayat, Kolar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275331", "title": "\u2018Nothing to do with polls\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: No amount of vigil, it seems, can stop student unions from flouting rules. Sample this -- at 7am on Wednesday morning, two buses sped off to Kasuali from the parking area in Sector 15 market, barely half a kilometer from Panjab University gate no. 2.\"It was just a fun trip and has nothing to do with elections,\" said the student, who is a supporter of Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) on being asked about the trip by the TOI team. Minutes later, these student leaders held a meeting at a PU boys hostel. Certain HSA student leaders also particiated.A customary election gimmick, student unions are often found arranging trips for students a few days before polls to restrict rival student bodies from influencing students. Such an incident has come as a surprise, in view of the UT police and PU authorities enforcing stricter rules.\"SOPU supporters have only found a way out to cheat the university authorities and fool everyone by organizing the trip from outside PU,\" said a Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU) leader.SOPU leaders have been vehemently denying any connection with the trip.\"We are not associated with this trip and we did not organize any outing in view of the elections,\" said Brinder Dhillon, a SOPU leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274705", "title": "2 admitted to Bhubaneshwar hospital with suspected dengue", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two persons, including a 5-year-old boy from Angul, were admitted to the Capital Hospital on Wednesday with dengue symptoms. The hospital authorities have sent their blood samples for test.\"They are suspected dengue patients. We are taking care of them in the dengue ward. We are waiting for the test report,\" said Capital Hospital spokesperson Dr S N Swain. So far, 95 dengue cases have been confirmed in the state, including one in Bhubaneswar. The mosquito-borne disease has claimed three lives (two in Ganjam and one in Angul) of late, sources said.Earlier, chaos prevailed at the Capital Hospital after one of the two suspected patients, Jhumuri Amat (35) had to wait for nearly half an hour outside the dengue ward as a gate leading to the ward was locked. \"She was weak and having fever. But the gate was locked. My wife sat on the floor for an hour. The door was opened only after I ran from pillar to post in the hospital,\" her husband Sushil Amat said.Hospital authorities rubbished the charges. \"No such complaint reached us. We promptly responded to the two patients and sent their blood samples within half an hour of their admission,\" Dr Swain said.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Tuesday asked hospitals to provide best treatment to dengue patients. Naveen discussed with collectors of dengue-hit districts and asked them to take adequate precautions to curb the menace. The CM asked the collectors to organise awareness programmes by roping in school students and artists.Secretary of housing and urban development department Injeti Srinivas has asked the urban local bodies in Odisha to adopt sanitation measures to prevent the incidence of dengue. \"Ward-level committees should be formed to keep an eye on the occurrence of dengue. Preventive measures should be taken for vector control. Cleanliness drives should be undertaken to remove stagnant water in urban areas,\" Srinivas said. \"A control unit should be set up in ULBs to monitor dengue positive cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16271386", "title": "Landowners without pattas to be hauled up", "text": "GUWAHATI: Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority (GMDA) has warned to take strict action against people occupying disproportionate plots of land in city without land pattas.GMDA chairman Robin Bordoloi said on Tuesday that though the state government has decided to settle those who are living in Guwahati for the past 10 years at least, the body would not allow landless families to occupy more than their due share of land.The state government has decided to provide 1.5 katha to each landless family, but, at the same time, the GMDA would take up steps against those who are occupying more than 1.5 katha without any land pattas.\"After they are given land rights, the landless families won't be allowed to cut hill land and destroy forests. The government has certain rules for settling landless people who are living in Guwahati for the last 10 years at least. Those who possess land in other places of the state will face hurdles,\" Bordoloi said.He is also one of the members of the committee headed by former revenue minister Bhumidhar Barman, which was formed by chief minister Tarun Gogoi to look into the grievances of landless people in the city last year. The committee was constituted by the chief minister after a land rights protest by the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) turned violent in the city on June 22 last year, leaving three dead.Though the committee recommended that the state government should not to allow any settlement in wetlands and forest land, KMSS leader Akhil Gogoi said the Barman committee report supersedes the Guwahati Water-bodies Act, 2008 and the Centre's Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers Act, 2006.While the Guwahati Water-bodies Act states that families that are already residing in the periphery of waterbodies should maintain status quo, the Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers Act lays emphasis on redressing 'historical injustice' done to forest dwellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16275411", "title": "Young Mysoreans are bitten by the shutterbug", "text": "Mysore: The individual photography pages of a young lot on a social networking site have brought them many assignments, turning them into freelancers.A bunch of youngsters in the city, after bitten by the shutterbug, fell in love with the camera and its immense possibilities. After updating the individual photography pages that they had created on a networking site, the bunch had been getting offers.One such freelancer, Shruthi Aradhya, said she got many assignments after people checked her page. \"I have done around 10 assignments in the past one year,\" says the 25-year-old, adding that her photography is different from that of other professional photographers. \"Mine is natural,\" she claims.Shruti got interested in photography two years ago. She started to click some random pictures in her cybershort camera. Her passion for photography took a new turn after she equipped herself with a professional DSLR camera. Now, she takes assignments of wedding and naming ceremonies, and those relating to architecture and outdoor portfolios.Same is the case of Ganesh Shankar, Anoop S Prasanna and Gowtham Dikshith. They claim that they have not attended any photography camp or class. Ganesh, a mechanical engineer, says: \"We learnt everything through trial-and-error method and by watching others work.\"His photograph of Mumbai's Crawford Market was chosen for Mumbai airport's e-magazine. \"I like to click simple-yet-realistic pictures. Photographs are good when they are natural,\" says the engineering grad, adding that he has received around five assignments in the past one year.Anoop S Prasanna said he tries to click candid moments, and that such images make him different from professionals. The 23-year-old BE graduate started trying his hands in photography out of passion. Initially, Anoop clicked pictures on his cellphone camera and treated them accordingly by editing. He started getting assignments after he got a DSLR.Art student Goutham Dikshit recently received an order from an institution to make a documentary (photography work) of the institution.\"They told me that they checked my works on my networking page. I will take up assignments to make some pocket money, and for the love of photography,\" he said, adding: \"I see everything as an opportunity and never try to commercialize this.\"Once in a week, they go out to places like Karanji Lake, Chamundi Hills and click landscapes. They even go to markets to click portraits. Suraj Gowda, a model, said: \"Shruti is more like a professional. She did my outdoor portfolio shoot, and the photos are excellent.\" Suraj said he came to know about her through the web page, thanks their mutual friends online. \"When I saw her works on the page, I thought she was the right person to get my portfolio done,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274207", "title": "Longer CPR boosts survival chance", "text": "NEW DELHI: On an average, a doctor spends 12 minutes conducting the life saving chest compressions - also known as CPR to save a patient of cardiac arrest. But a Lancet study announced on Wednesday says that increasing CPR to 30 minutes can actually save more patients.Practitioners are often reluctant to perform longer attempts - those that can last 30 minutes or longer - because they believe that if patients do not survive early on during cardiac arrest, their overall prognosis is poor. Coronary perfusion pressure is a critical determinant of whether a return of spontaneous circulation will occur. Brain death begins four to six minutes after a person suffers sudden cardiac arrest. If no CPR is given, the American Heart Association estimates a person's chances of living decreases 7% to 10% per minute.Researchers from the University of Michigan Health System also found patients who survived with longer arrest times did not have substantially worse neurological function at discharge.The study, led by cardiologist Zachary D Goldberger, an assistant professor at the University of Washington , says each year about 200,000 hospitalized patients will experience cardiac arrest, with only half of those surviving the initial arrest, and fewer than 20% surviving to discharge.Goldberger said it's not surprising that there exists a wide variation among hospitals' average length of resuscitation attempts, given there's no firm evidence to guide practitioners when to stop their efforts once resuscitative efforts have started.\"Our findings suggest an opportunity for improving care in this high-risk population . Overall, it may involve standardizing the time required for continuing resuscitation attempts prior to decisions regarding termination of efforts,\" Goldberger said.After examining national data for more than 64,000 cardiac arrest patients between 2000 and 2008, the researchers found that while most patients were successfully resuscitated after a short period of time, about 15% of patients who survived needed at least 30 minutes to achieve a pulse.While the study implies that longer attempts should be considered by medical professionals , U-M cardiologist Brahmajee K Nallamothu, and senior author says the research is only one piece of evidence to weigh during a cardiac arrest case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16273810", "title": "'Mormugao port trust has built 2 new cruise berths'", "text": "PANAJI: The Mormugao port trust (MPT) recently constructed two new cruise berths to facilitate cruise tourism and further improve infrastructure for cruise shipping, said minister of shipping G K Vasan.In a written reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha, Vasan said that the berths for cruise ships are 450m and 250m long. They will have exclusive entry and exit gates manned by Customs, immigration and security staff.The berths will be thrown open in October. Earlier, lack of infrastructure at the port was proving a hindrance to cruise ships calling at the port.The minister further stated that the state government also encourages the cruise shipping activities, as it benefits the local economy as a result of spending by the cruise tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16275576", "title": "Manufacturing units keep spewing death: 250 in 12 years", "text": "MADURAI: The year 2008 finds a special mention in the history of Sivakasi's fireworks industry, for, it was the only year that passed off without an accident in recent times.Statistics show that the minimum number of people killed in accidents at fireworks units in a year was four, in 2001. While 42 people have died so far this year, the highest in a year, 23 died in 2011. The previous high was 31, in 2007. In all, about 240 people have died since 2000.S Vijayakumar, president of Tamil Nadu Fireworks Manufacturers' Association, said, \"There are enough rules and regulations to govern the fireworks sector. But they are hardly followed by a majority of the units in Sivakasi.\"He faulted the poor monitoring mechanism for an increasing number of accidents in the industry. \"People in Sivakasi make firecrackers under trees and in bushes. There are instances of fireworks manufacturing units functioning even after suspension of their licences,\" he said.In the past four months, licences of 45 units were suspended in Sivakasi. Many of them had engaged excess staff and had stocked large quantities of explosives, said Vijayakumar. Om Sakthi Fireworks, where 35 people killed on Wednesday, was found be having excess staff and explosives during an inspection a few days back. The controller of explosives had initiated steps to suspend its licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new model town", "code": "16275474", "title": "Exhibition showcases rare Sikh manuscripts", "text": "NEW MODEL TOWN: Sikhism is the fifth largest religion in the world but \"lack of initiative by the government\" has urged a city-based numismatist to promote the religion by encouraging a sense of affection for Sikhs' way of life among young and old alike.Following his passion for Punjabi culture, Narinderpal Singh Panesar, who is all set to inaugurate a Sikh museum, organized an exhibition at Vivekanand Bhavan in New Model Town. The exhibits include relics and material related to the Sikh gurus, including their writings, coins, weapons and other material.\"I organized this exhibition to support my dream of setting up a museum, where I can safeguard all the relics and material related to Sikh gurus. Government has failed to do anything in this regard, thus I have taken this initiative and now I plan to organize many such exhibitions in other cities as well,\" said the Gandhi Colony resident.Sukhwinder Singh, a businessman from Mumbai who visited the exhibition with a group of 15 friends, agreed that there is lack of general awareness and it is very important to educate the youth. \"I was amazed to see Nanak Shahi and Gobind Shahi coins issued by Misls and Maharaja Ranjit Singh dating back to 18th century (1765-1849 AD),\" he said.Impressed with a man's passion for his religion, Malkit Singh, a businessman and resident of Bhagwan Chowk, said, \"It was a pleasure to see handwritten manuscripts in Gurmukhi, including Panj Granthi and Das Granthi, which are 200 to 250 years old. These have been written on hand-made paper with original binding made of leather etching with floral designs.\"Numismatist Narinderpal Panesar organized an exhibition at Vivekanand Bhavan to promote Sikhism.Malkit Singh, a businessman and resident of Bhagwan Chowk, said, \"I loved the rich collection of weapons of Mughal and Sikh period, including swords and daggers, arrows shields and khanda.\" Arvinder Singh Kalra, who had come along with wife Seema to the exhibition, said, \"I was amazed to see Ramayana, Bhagvad Gita, Hanuman Natak, Adhyatam Prakash Granth and Vishnu Puran written in Gurmukhi.\"Saranbir Sarna of New Model Town, said, \"I am surprised that the govt. has done nothing to preserve these.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274124", "title": "Coalgate: Coal panel to quiz 10 firms today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Usha Martin, Monnet Ispat and Energy and Corporate Ispat are among 10 private firms that will on Thursday explain to an official panel delays in developing coal blocks allotted to them by the government without bidding.This is the first of the three rounds of personal hearings that the Inter Ministerial Group, set up to monitor progress in captive coal blocks, plans to hold with the aim of allowing companies to state their side of the story.A total of 35 companies out of the 58 allottees, who have been served show-cause notice for delays, have been asked to present details of investments made till now and the reasons for not starting coal production.IMG is headed by Zohra Chatterji, additional secretary in the ministry of coal, and was set up in July to recommend action against the coal block allottees for missing timelines for starting production.B K Jhawar-promoted Usha Martin was allocated Lohari coal block in Jharkhand for making steel in 2005. Monnet Isapt and Energy, promoted by Sandeep Jajodia, was given the Utkal B2 block, aimed at using as a raw material for producing sponge iron in Odisha back in 1999. Corporate Ispat and Alloys, which is promoted by Manoj Jayaswal, got the Chitarpur block in Jharkhand in September 2005 for producing sponge iron.Usha Martin's Lohari block has already been recommended once for de-allocation by the IMG as \"there was hardly any physical progress or investment reported\" but the coal secretary spiked the suggestion and directed reconsideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16275123", "title": "Authorities must wake up to their responsibilities", "text": "It is a reflection of the sad state of affairs that the national human rights body has to intervene to get the Delhi government and the discom involved to do something for the victim of this accident. Weeks have passed since the lamp pole fell on him injuring him seriously but neither the government nor the power supply company have shown any willingness to redress him for what was clearly a damage done to him due to negligence. We have said in the past that he should be assisted by prominent lawyers to sue the authorities for damages. We renew our appeal to them to do so, since there appears to be no sign of the authorities waking up to their responsibilities.Related story  :  Pole injury: NHRC sends notice", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16274480", "title": "81 suspected diarrhoea cases surface in Bhairampur village", "text": "KANPUR: The district health authorities conducted intensive health check-ups of all the villagers living in Bhairampur village in Sachendi area here on Wednesday. The doctors, accompanied with health personnel, chlorinated taps, hand-pumps and other water supply mediums in the area after 81 suspected diarrhoea cases were reported from the locality on Tuesday.It's important to mention here that in Bhairampur village under Community Health Center (CHC), Bidhnoo, 81 cases of diarrhoea and mystery fever were reported on late Tuesday evening. The villagers also claimed two deaths in the area due to the disease, after which senior district officials along with Chief Medical Officer Dr R P Yadav visited the place late in the night and conducted check-up of the patients. Though the health authorities denied of any diarrhoea outbreak in the locality, they said that the villagers were suffering from some disease due to unhygienic living conditions prevailing there.Among the serious patients, four were shifted to CHC, Bidhnoo. This sudden rise in the suspected diarrhoea and mystery cases has sparked fear of an outbreak of the disease in the region, caused due to contaminated water supply. According to villagers, on Tuesday night many people started complaining about loose motions and vomiting. Their number went up so rapidly that the village head called the health team from Bidhnoo CHC which is the nearest heath centre.The doctors team made temporary camps and checked the villagers. In no time, the number of patients reached about 81.Local MLA Munindra Shukla alleged that diarrhoea outbreak has occurred due to contaminated water in the pipeline which supplies water to this village. The villagers also claimed that the water in the river flowing across the village is also having contaminated water. The villagers rued over laxity of government who ignored the development in villages resulting in outbreak of such diseases.However, the health authorities are having different opinion regarding the situation. According to the Bidhnoo CHC doctors and health department officials, there is no diarrhoea outbreak in the village but it was only a viral fever attack.They doctors also claimed that majority of cases reported from the village were of injuries and normal cough and cold.Talking to TOI, additional CMO, Dr S C Pathak informed that they have examined as many as 81 patients in the village among, which 60 were suffering from viral fever. Among the left 21, four were reported suffering from physical injuries, three each from headache, colitis and arthritis respectively.\"Five patients were diagnosed with dysentery and two from UTI. None among 81 patients were having diarrhoea,\" added Dr Pathak further.The officials when asked about the deaths caused due to diarrhoea, he said that the villagers claimed that a patient named Shyamji who was being treated at Lala Lajpat Rai hospital hailing from the village died due to diarrhoea while the postmortem reports state that he was suffering from hepatitis B. Also, a kid Neetu allegedly died of diarrhoea but his father did not gave any statement in support of the villagers.The medical officer commenting on the civic scenario of the village said that sanitary conditions are very poor there. The roads were flooded with mud and sewage disposal and there was no proper pathways to commute as well. \"The hand-pumps of the village were erected near road side sewage and waste disposal points and the embankments of most of these water supply means were broken, which might have contaminated water,\" added ACMO further. The officials also claimed that they have chlorinated the water supply units and have taken every possible measure. The health department officials also claimed to inform the Municipal body and District Administration heads to solve the civic and water supply problem in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273718", "title": "20-year-old woman ends life in Hathi Park", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an unusual incident, an approximately 20-year-old woman committed suicide after tying a dupatta around her neck and slid from a slider-swing in Hathi Park to kill herself in Wazeerganj police station area on Wednesday.The police said that the identity of the woman, however, has not been ascertained as yet.The incident, according to the police, took place at around 7.00 p.m.A small purse has been recovered from the woman.The purse had Rs 65 and an entry ticket for the Hathi Park, the police said.The woman had tried to cut her left hand wrist also and it bore a cut mark.The police said that the guard of the Hathi Park first spotted the woman stuck on slider in an unusual manner, the police said. The guard then informed the police which rushed to the spot.The woman had tied her neck with black dupatta from one end and the other end tied to the rod on slider platform.The woman had then slid from the slider and had died, a police official said.The woman was wearing a black top and black leggings, the police said and added that she was also wearing red footwear.The police said that efforts are being made to ascertain the identity of the woman.The body has been for the moment kept in mortuary, the police said. The police said that no one spotted the woman accompanying anyone and availability of one ticket in the purse also confirms the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278036", "title": "Suriya turns 15", "text": "It's been 15 years Tamil star Suriya stepped into K-town with Nerukku Ner in which he teamed up opposite Simran.The actor, who rose to fame gradually is today one of the top stars in the industry and has worked with some of the leading directors and techinicians in the 15- year stint. He also has to his credit some of the biggest hits in the industry including Ghajini , Kaaka Kaaka , Vaaranam Aayiram to name a few.The star is now all set for the release of his biggie Maattraan opposite Kajal Aggarwal. He also has in his kitty Singham 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273722", "title": "Body of 12-yr-old girl found in Mohanlalganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a gruesome incident, the body of a 12-year-old girl, who was most-likely raped and murdered, was found at a rice field at a village in Mohanlalganj police station area on Wednesday morning. The 12-year-old girl Roli (name changed), a student of class VII had gone missing and a resident of Dhehva village in the same police station area, had gone missing since Tuesday evening. The family members launched a frantic search, but could not find Roli till late night. It was in the morning that her nude body was found lying at a rice field owned by Harikrishna Sharma, a resident of Indiranagar. Sharma has given his field to one Radhey Lal Maurya on sharing basis.According to family members of the girl, Roli had gone to attend nature's call on Tuesday evening. However, she didn't return till late in the night. Initially, assuming that she might have gone to watch television at one of the neighbour's place, family members didn't panic. It was only after 9.00 p.m. that the family members got worried and launched a search to trace her. The villagers also came to know that Roli has gone missing. However, Roli could not be spotted in the night.It was at around 6.00 a.m. that some villager spotted one of clothes Roli was wearing a day before near a small house built near a field of one Shakti Sharan. The walls of the house also had blood stains. The villagers further moved further to trace the girl. In the meantime, the police was also informed about the incident.While searching, the villagers and police found the shirt which Roli had wore in the field of Harikrishna. They further searched the field to find Roli's body in a nude state. \"Roli had blood stains on vital organ, which hinted that the girl had been raped and murdered,\" police sources said and added that she was probably strangulation.The police also pressed the dog squad, which sniffed a comb mostly used by male and rushed towards Diwanganj village. However, the dog came across a nullah and returned back to sniff the body of Roli. The dog then went inside Dhehva village and stopped for a few seconds in front of three houses. It was at the fourth house, that the dog stopped finally.The police then swung into action and picked up a man and his four sons on ground of suspicion. The police have also picked up about three more persons. Police sources said that one of the four sons had been spotted near the field time and again, as he and his friends used to play cards at the spot. The police, however, said that no arrest had been made and the interrogation with the suspected persons is still going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16273362", "title": "New transformer to boost power supply in twin cities", "text": "NOIDA: Greater Noida can now boast of having achieved self-sufficiency in terms of power infrastructure to meet its current aggregate daily demand of 185MW. Following installation of a 63MVA transformer in the 132KV RC Greens substation last week, the city can get an additional 30MW of power. This is enough to suffice the power needs of Greater Noida for the time being. However, residents can be fully assured of having lesser outages only when work on enhancement of transformer capacity at the Pali substation is completed.Work is in progress to increase the transformer capacity at Pali, the primary substation of Gautam Budh Nagar. One of the three 315MVA transformers at Pali is being replaced by Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) with a 500MVA transformer.At the same time, Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL), the power distribution company of Greater Noida, has also been working towards purchasing additional power under the open-access regime. \"We have agreements with various power generators for purchasing over 180MW of power,\" said MD &amp; CEO of NPCL, RC Agarwala.UPPCL said that work on increasing transformer capacity at the Pali substation would be complete by February next year. The margin of 185MVA of electricity, available following this work, would be shared proportionally between Noida and Greater Noida. \"Provision of additional power to Greater Noida is dependent on the total demand on the primary system. As aggregate demand lessens during the monsoon and winter months, the margin of power thus saved would be made available to Greater Noida,\" said a senior UPPCL official.Both Noida and Greater Noida draw power for distribution to consumers from the Pali substation which at present has a transformer capacity of 945MVA.NPCL said that supply of around 130MW to RC Greens substation and 50MW to the Surajpur substation would be enough to meet demands of residential, industrial and rural consumers in Greater Noida. \"Urban sectors and rural areas would be distributed power from the RC Greens substation, while industrial areas can get power from the Surajpur substation,\" said an NPCL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "16273839", "title": "Teaching affected due to caste tension", "text": "SASARAM: Teaching at S P Jain College, Sasaram, has virtually stopped for the last one fortnight as the teachers and non-teaching staff of the college, one of the oldest constituent units of Veer Kuer Singh University, Ara, have got divided into two groups along caste lines over the transfer of principal of Shershah College, Dharmraj Singh, to SP Jain College on August 18.Members of both the groups have staged dharna outside the main gate of the college since the new principal assumed charge on August 21 amidst tight security.A group of teachers and non-teaching staff are not letting the principal enter the college. Despite repeated requests by the new principal to the Rohtas district administration to provide security on the college campus for ensuring teaching work properly, no action has been taken as yet by the administration.A named FIR against half a dozen teachers and non-teaching staff was also lodged by the principal alleging that they were fomenting caste tension in the college and preventing him from discharging his duty as principal.On the other hand, on the written complaint of Prof Kashi Singh, who is leading a group, an FIR was also lodged against the principal for forcibly entering the college premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "vijajayawada/kurnool", "code": "16275056", "title": "Doctors strike: Govt may invoke ESMA", "text": "VIJAJAYAWADA/KURNOOL: Medical services were crippled at various government hospitals in state on Wednesday as junior doctors continued their protest even as medical education minister Kondru Murali Mohan threatened to invoke Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA) against the striking doctors.While the death toll at the Vijayawada government hospital reached 16 in the last two days, 10 patients died at GGH, Guntur and two women succumbed in MGM Hospital, Warangal. The situation turned grim following rise in the seasonal fever cases. At least 10-15 dengue cases were also reported from Vijayawada and Guntur. The death of at least four people in Krishna district and another six in Guntur district in the last one week due to dengue is sending shockwaves among the health authorities. In the absence of junior doctors, the senior medical officers were unable to attend the patients thronged at government hospitals . Patients at various hospitals had a tough time as the medicos stayed away from emergency duties. State health department officials held talks with representatives of the medicos on Tuesday night but the impasse continued.Meanwhile, Kondru Murali speaking to newsmen in Kurnool warned the striking junior doctors of stern action if they do not call off the agitation immediately. Talking to media persons at the government hospital in Kurnool, Murali accused the junior doctors of resorting to blackmail tactics in order to get their demands approved by the government.\"Apart from seeking legal course of action on the striking doctors, the government is considering imposing ESMA ,\" he said. Stating that the government was spending nearly Rs 60 lakh to Rs 1 crore on each medical degree and PG student, the minister said that it was the moral duty of doctors to serve in rural areas as part of their course. He went on to claim that the government was making alternative arrangements to meet any eventuality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273622", "title": "Copper coils worth Rs 18 lakh seized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A large consignment of copper coils was seized by a team of the Special Operations Group on Wednesday. According to SOG officials, four persons have been arrested in this regard.The operation was triggered by a tip-off received by police constable Kanaksinh Natwarsinh during routine patrolling. According to the tip-off, a mini truck carrying the coils would pass by the Vishala Circle. Based on this the crime branch officials staked out the cross-road. After some time the mini-truck was intercepted at Vishala Circle carrying 3 tonnes of copper coils worth Rs 18 lakh.Mohammad Ayyub Shaikh, 53, a resident of Gorwa, Vadodara, Rakeshkumar Rathod, 39, Bajwa, Vadodara, Bhadresh Patel, 29, Mehsana and Fakir Mohammad Malek, 25 of Gandhinagar have been arrested.According to crime branch officials the four had either swindled somebody or stolen the copper coils from Vadodara. The investigation has now been transferred to Jawaharnagar police station, Vadodara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277261", "title": "Mira Nair's \u2018glorious\u2019 moment with her idol", "text": "The responses to Mira Nair's new work The Reluctant Fundamentalist which opened at this year's Venice Film Festival , left Mira humbled.Speaking from her home in New York on Tuesday night where she is ensconced for two days before heading with her film to the Toronto Film Festival, Mira said, \"This was the first public screening and I was so nervous and anxious I could barely breathe. Luckily besides the cast my husband and son were with me for moral support.\"In fact, it was Mira's 21-year old son who is studying to be a journalist, who gave her 'gyaan' about calming her nerves in Venice.\"My son said, the underdog always has a good chance of creating an impression. And he was right. There were three screenings of my movie. And we got a good response from the audience,\" the filmmaker recalled.But the moment to cherish came at the after-party on the beach when American filmmaker Michael Mann came up to Mira and described her movie as 'transcendental'.\"When Michael Mann one of my absolute idols, walked up to me and said, 'The first 25 minutes of your film were transcendental...and so were the last 25 minutes', he took my breath away. I was so overwhelmed, to cover my emotions I joked and said that I wouldn't ask him about the rest of the film. But it was a truly glorious moment,\" said Mira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16273246", "title": "Cop suspended after brawl over free noodles", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Free \"chowmein\" and bullying tactics proved too hot for a constable who has been suspended.Constable Virender Pal went to an eatery on Tuesday night at Chainpur block and ate stomachful of \"chowmein\". When the eatery owner asked for payment, the cop tried to bully him and refused to pay. A brawl took place resulting in a road blockade at Chainpur protesting against the excesses of the constable on Wednesday. The blockade lasted for a couple of hours.Confirming the incident, SP Palamu A T Mathew said, \"The constable has been placed under suspension and the DSP will inquire into the matter and submit report at the earliest.\"Mathew said no constable had any right to coerce or bully anyone, he said adding the eatery owner, too, used force against this man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "16274922", "title": "Udyoga Mela in Gulbarga today", "text": "Gulbarga: The department of collegiate education is organizing a 'Udyog Mela' for BA, B. Com, B.Sc and post-graduates at the government degree college here on Thursday. According to joint director of collegiate education, 35 companies are participating in the mela.The unemployed graduates should benefit from it. The companies and banks include Manickbag Mators, Apexcon, ICICI bank , Eureka Forbes, Lahoti Motors, Karua Toyata, Star Health Insurance, Reliance Insurance and S V Hyundai. There will be no charges to attend the interview. The graduates should get photo copies of all documents and also bring original documents during the interview.The graduates should contact Shashishekhar Reddy 944865196. The selected candidates should be ready to work in any city in Karnataka and also in the company they are selected for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16271671", "title": "Railway cop, friend rape 20-year-old in New Delhi station room", "text": "NEW DELHI: A railway special force constable, along with an accomplice, allegedly gang-raped a 20-year-old woman passenger on Tuesday night near the VIP waiting room of the New Delhi Railway Station, which is in line to be declared a 'world-class' station.The constable, Pintu Singh, 24, and his friend Hawan Pratap Singh, 21, have been arrested and an FIR registered . According to the police, the victim had arrived at the station with her younger sister late on Tuesday night. Since it was very late, the two decided to wait for the morning before heading to their home in Vishnu Garden.\"After the younger sister had volunteered to look around for a locker room, the two accused convinced the victim to come with them to a second-floor waiting room in the VIP arena of the station, near the international tourist information office. They took her to room 201 and raped her there,'' said a GRP official.Cop suspended after test confirmed rapeCops are checking claims that the woman was known to Hawan, a resident of Tilak Nagar. Pintu Singh, posted with the 8th Railway Protection Special Force battalion in Delhi, has been suspended.\"We arrested the RPSF constable on Wednesday morning after the medical test of the victim confirmed rape. Investigations are on,\" said DCP (crime and railways) Sanjay Jain.Sources said there was some delay in the arrests because the victim's statement initially appeared a bit contradictory.Railway officials said that they have decided to take prompt action to send a stern message to the forces.\"We have come to know that there was also a financial dispute between the woman and the two men over a sum of Rs 7 lakh. However, until proven guilty, we have suspended the constable. We are in talks with RPF, RPSF and GRP on how to make the station complex safer,'' said a Northern Railway spokesperson.Cops said they would examine CCTV footage in the railway station to gather information on the sequence of events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273653", "title": "Narendra Modi's address on Teacher's day interrupted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi's address to students and teachers which was broadcasted live by the Bhaskaracharya Institute for Space Applications and Geo-Informatics ( BISAG) was disrupted by the agitating teaching, non-teaching staff and political leaders who entered the hall where the programme was being aired live.The hall was nearly empty and the agitating representatives had a field day. Newly appointed vice chancellor was also pushed by the agitating members of various colleges who pushed their way into the GU premises despite heavy security.The VC was later cordoned by the police and security and led to his chamber through a lift. Later, glasses of buses were broken as the agitating members spilled on to the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16274919", "title": "Popat chosen for sports convention", "text": "NAGPUR: Former National badminton champion Aparna Popat has been selected for the prestigious global sports mentoring programme for women. The month-long porgramme is organized by the US Department of States in association with ESPN and will be held from September 5 to October 5 at Washington DC and Los Angeles .The first-ever global sports mentoring programme will connect 17 emerging international women leaders with leading American women executives in sports related fields for a 30-day mentorship in the United States . The emerging leaders hail from India, Australia, Brazil, China, Colombia among other countries.\"After thousands of applications from all over the world, 30 women were shortlisted. It's an honour for me to represent India in the programme. I am really looking forward to this experience,\" Popat told TOI before leaving for the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16273995", "title": "Troubled wild tusker chased back into forest", "text": "COIMBATORE: After two long days, forest officials eventually succeeded in chasing back into the interiors of the Walayar-Ettimadai forests, the troubled wild tusker which trampled to death a 38-year-old man at Arivozhi Nagar near Madukkarai on the outskirts of the city. The teams comprising elephant tamers and veterinarians used crackers to chase the rogue elephant back into the forest.After hotel supplier, Rafiq Ahmed was killed on Monday, panicked residents turned their ire against forest officials and even disrupted traffic in the Palakkad-Coimbatore road for about three hours. Locals had dispersed after the arrival of two kumkhi elephants from Chadivayal elephant camp and two special teams of forest officials to chase the jumbo away.District forest officer V Thirunavukarasu said the elephant was chased back into the dense forests on Tuesday night itself. The teams went into the forest again on Wednesday morning and chased it further into the interiors. The 30-year-old tusker was the same elephant that had attacked three CRPF ( Central Reserve Police Force) officials in Madukkarai last Tuesday where they had gone for training. The angry tusker had been creating trouble in the region for quite some time, destroying crops and scaring away locals.According to officials, the tusker was part of a herd that had met with an accident on February 4, 2008, near Walayar. Four elephants were killed when a train rammed the six-member herd near Walayar.According to Thirunavukarasu, the Chadivayal elephant camp with its two kumkhi elephants Pari and Nanjan would be shifted temporarily to Arivozhi Nagar for one month to instill confidence among residents, regarding security issues. Ten specially trained staff equipped with crackers, search lights and other amenities would also be prepared in Arivozhi Nagar for round the clock vigil against the troubled elephant. Thirunavukarasu assured locals that the elephant would not be allowed to enter human settlements. Long-term measures like elephant proof trenches would be constructed, he promised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16271684", "title": "Social media used for wrong reasons: CM", "text": "NASHIK: Expressing concern over the misuse of social networking sites by youngsters for anti-social activities and the rising consumerism among children which has led to incidences of parties where underage youth consume drugs and alcohol, rave and 'chillar parties',CM Prithviraj Chavhan said it was time police and politicians looked more carefully at the issue.\"It is a matter of grave concern for us when we see school children from Class 8 to 10 gather for 'chillar parties' and the youth attend goes for 'rave' parties, in big cities. The police and politicians have to undergo an introspection to find out what and why such things are happening. At the same time, the teachers and the parents also have to pitch in (to protect the new generation),\" Chavan said, addressing a gathering of teachers and their family members at Kalidas Kalamandir, on the occasion of Teachers' Day on Wednesday.The CM said the government was very serious about the issue and even the teachers and the parents need to cautiously watch the moves of their children.\"It is required to see who are were the people engaged in profiteering by organizing such events. The government will have to do its job but the teachers and parents should also carry out their responsibilities,\" Chavan said, referring to the recent rave party involving school students in Pune.Chavan's observations come close on the heels of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's cousin - Jayant Pawar - finally being booked by Pune police, for the 'Chillar Party' organised at hotel River View - reportedly owned by Jayant Pawar, where nearly 800 underaged children were served alcohol. The party was busted by Mundhwa police.He drew The chief minister further drew attention of gathering to the fact that while social media had led to social change in other parts of the world, sites had been the cause for social uprisings and unrest elsewhere in the world, but unfortunately in India its potential was being under-utilized. \"Social sites must be used for the development of the society and the country and the teachers should upgrade themselves to for accept the challenges of information technology,of the information technology (IT), \" the chief minister said. oxSocial media for nation building : GovernorThe social media should be used by everybody in good context and for nation building, Governor of Maharashtra, K Shankarnarayanan, said while felicitating outstanding teachers at Nashik. \"The social media should be used in good context. The youth must be given the lessons in nation building and they should also be groomed to love their motherland. The education should become man-making and the teachers have a major role in the same,\" the Governor said in his address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16272982", "title": "Major fire at MI Road building", "text": "JAIPUR: A massive fire broke out at a multi-storey building situated on the busiest MI Road on Wednesday morning. At least 40 fire tenders and more than 100 policemen waged a relentless battle to douse the fire.The panic started at 8.30 am when some of the traders spotted flames coming out from the third floor of Navjeen Complex. Soon after, the city fire office and police control room was intimated.Within minutes, the spot was cordoned off by the police and the traffic from Ajmeri gate to government hospital was diverted. A snorkel ladder was also brought to reach the third floor of the building engulfed by fire. A team of disaster management was also sent by the district administration.Luckily, nobody was hurt as it was early morning and employees were yet to arrive. However, two firemen sustained burn injuries during rescue operation.Meanwhile, some firemen had to face the ire of onlookers as some of their vehicles did not have enough water.The worst affected was a private bank adjacent to the building. Its cashiers and managers were seen taking the cash to a safer place in apprehension that flames may reach their building.For almost eight hours, no traffic was allowed on MI Road and at least 12 showrooms could not open till 5.30 pm.It was an intense fire as the third floor fully turned into ashes and fire destroyed a saree showroom, a computer shop and others.Commissioner of police B L Soni also rushed to the spot and a good number of policemen were deployed to keep people away from the area.\"The fire was extinguished in the evening. The traffic was also restored. Those who had their shops and establishments on the third floor were allowed to go there,\" Soni said.According to officials, fire was caused by short-circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16274789", "title": "Bhopal gets year's rainfall 25 days before monsoon ends", "text": "BHOPAL: The city on Wednesday touched yearly rainfall, 25 days before the withdrawal of monsoon.As per the Met department, 1086.6 mm of rainfall from June 1 to September 30 is considered normal for Bhopal.The city has already received 1085.3 mm of rainfall till 5.30 on Wednesday. Even if the rainfall stops now, the city has surplus rains till next monsoon. But with fresh formations and 25 days more left for the withdrawal of the monsoon, the city looks set to get surplus rain this year.Officials of the Met department, Bhopal circle, said the city would get more rains in few days as the low-pressure area over Orissa coast has shifted to the east MP.The development would lead to widespread rains at places coming under west and southeast MP, including Jabalpur, Bhopal, Indore and Ujjain divisions.The city received 7.7 mm of rainfall till 5.30 on Wednesday while 10.9 mm of rain was received in the past 24 hours till 8 am on Wednesday morning. Similarly, Bairagarh recorded 2.9 mm of rainfall till evening.Intermittent showers saw marginal drop in temperature. The maximum temperature on Wednesday was recorded at 27.9 (-1) degrees Celsius and the minimum remained at 23.9 (+2) degrees C.There is a possibility of one or two spells of thundershowers in the city on Thursday, the weatherman said, adding that a few places under Bhopal, Indore and Ujjain and Jabalpur divisions may even get heavy rainfall during next 48 hours.ankur.sirothia@timesgroup.comBoxBhopal's rainfall ChartYear-- Total rainfall received2001---744.92002---792.12003---1087.02004----730.32005----1105.52006---1686.42007----917.62008----697.42009-----881.02010----597.92011----1265.52012-----1085.3 (till Wednesday evening)Rainfall figures in millimetres", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16273830", "title": "Muzaffarpur administration takes steps to check crime", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: The district administration on Wednesday identified all the weak points coming in the way of speedy trial of cases of heinous crime and took a number of measures to effectively check crime in the district.The decisions were taken after a meeting of DM Santosh Kumar Mall and Senior SP Rajesh Kumar with all the DSPs, SHOs, SDOs and public prosecutor (PP) and district prosecution officer here on Wednesday when the law and order situation of the district was thoroughly reviewed. After collecting information from the police and prosecution officers about the hurdles in speedy trial, the DM directed the law enforcing machinery to produce witnesses in every case timely and submit both the case diary and chargesheet simultaneously because it has been seen time and again that a criminal case lingers only due to delay in submitting chargesheet before the court.The district prosecution officer complained that chargesheets were not produced in the court in full at a time. The DM and the SSP directed investigating officers (IOs) and SHOs to submit chargesheets in full, not in parts. The concerned officers must produce exhibits of each case in the court promptly as any delay would further spoil the very purpose of speedy trial, they said.It was pointed out at the meeting that criminals who surrender before the court, get bail easily as the police officers concerned either remain ignorant of the surrender or forget about the deadline of 90 days for the submission of chargesheet in the court. Many notorious criminals succeed in getting bail because of the non-submission of chargesheet within the 90 days' stipulated time, it was revealed at the meeting. To deal with this problem, the district prosecution officer was asked to inform the Senior SP about the surrender of criminals in the court immediately and the SSP would, in turn, inform the SHOs concerned promptly. This would plug the loopholes in allowing any bail to the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16273763", "title": "Kids leave home if denied money: Study", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: An analysis carried out by the police with regard to the missing children in the state has revealed that a large number of these children between 10 to 15 years of age left their homes following refusal of parents to give them money for entertainment purposes. Some of them also left their homes on account of dismal performance in the examinations or on account of failed love affairs.A report prepared by the government states that 299 children up to the age of 14 years have gone missing in the last five years, and till the end of the last month, 166 of these were still to be traced. The report said that state police have set up special squads in all districts to trace the missing children and have also installed a website and helpline to accelerate the pace of tracking them. They said that special squads have been posted at railway stations and bus depots where CCTV cameras have also been installed.These squads have traced children at Ahmedabad railway station among others. It further said,\" During the period of five years starting from 2007, of the total 6029 untraced people 80 per cent are local Gujaratis.\"It is mentioned that during a special drive launched since the last year, the state police have successfully traced 10,377 missing people including children. A total of 11,968 persons are still to be traced. The police have registered the return of 2720 missing persons in the last five years who returned home but did not convey their arrival to the authorities.According to the report, Gujarat is a state that has managed to trace 86 per cent of the total persons that had gone missing in the five years from 2007 to 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274686", "title": "Tipplers drive cops crazy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Blame it on adrenaline rush or passion for speed, people in Bhubaneswar seem to happily throw caution to the four winds these days, when it comes to rash driving. What's making matters worse is tipsy men behind the wheels. Drunk driving has become a serious concern for city police of late with number of accident victims rising exponentially here.The latest accident caused by drunk driving was reported on August 19 when an SUV driver, who was apparently drunk, caused a series of accidents near a \"zero tolerance traffic zone\" at Nalco Square. The vehicle overshot the road divider and rammed into nine other vehicles, including five bikes on a parallel road. Nine persons were injured, four of them seriously.No less than 70 accidents caused by drunk driving were reported in the city last year. While five people died in these mishaps, scores were injured, sources said. The police modern control room receives as many as 30 complaints of drunk driving daily from distressed commuters across the city, who bear the brunt of the inebriated drivers.Sources said a total number of 2,295 persons were caught driving under the influence of alcohol in the first seven months of this year. Fine of nearly Rs 11.60 lakh was collected from them as traffic compounding fees. The fine amount ranges from Rs 200 to Rs 500 under the Odisha urban police act.\"To curb drunk driving, we have started zeroing on tipsy people near bars, liquor off shops and dhabas. Our intension is not to spoil their party, but to prevent them from taking the risk of driving in high spirit,\" said city DCP Nitinjeet Singh. \"Each police station has been provided with alcohol breath analyzers to take on the erring drivers and bikers,\" Singh said.Sources said many of the police personnel are not at all trained in using the alcohol breath testers during raids. \"We are training them on the proper use of these equipments. At times a few gadgets develop technical snag, creating trouble. But we compound fees on them on the spot. Those who fail to pay on the spot are taken to police stations until their relatives come to pay the fine,\" Singh said.\"Only imposing fine would never end the menace. The urban police act should be stricter and the violators should be booked and sent to jail. Drunk drivers not only put their own lives in danger, but also jeopardize other innocent commuters,\" said lawyer Siddharth Das.Asked why police crackdowns were not conducted regularly, the DCP said staff shortage was one of the reasons. \"It is not easy to catch youths who drive at breakneck speed. Apprehending accidents, we chase them in vans or patrolling bikes. Sometimes their distorted number plates create problem in identifying them,\" a traffic police officer said. He added that the speedsters could be tackled better once CCTV cameras were installed in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16278338", "title": "Chennai corpation conducts health check for school kids", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Corporation has arranged for a team from the Government General Hospital to conduct master health check-ups for all their higher secondary school students from Thursday.The initiative flagged off at the Chennai Higher Secondary school at CIT Nagar is expected to cover 7,500 students from 32 schools, and will go on till October-end.This is another bid by the civic body's health and education department to provide healthcare services to the economically weaker sections. \" Many of these children do not get themselves checked for diseases and problems unless they get sick. This will help in early diognoses of more serious problems,\" said a corporation official. The health check-up will include eye, urine, blood tests and scans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16271929", "title": "Sheila Dikshit blames BJP for \u2018distorting facts\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the BJP demanded Chief minister Sheila Dikshit's resignation, citing a trial court order pertaining to a complaint related to corruption in the Commonwealth Games 2010, an agitated Dikshit rose to her defence in the assembly blaming the BJP for misleading the people of Delhi by \"distorting facts\".Blaming the BJP for disrupting the proceedings of the assembly on the same lines as in parliament, Dikshit first gave her government a pat for timely delivery of mega projects during the Games and then went on to justify the increase in cost of projects executed then by pointing that \"history of international games establishes significant cost escalations\".\"There were some complaints of irregularities committed on account of various aspects especially relating to increase in the project costs. History of organizing international games clearly establishes that there have been significant cost escalations,\" Dikshit told Delhi assembly even as the BJP stormed into the well opposing her speech.When asked why she had adopted an aggressive stance inside the assembly, Dikshit said, \"Yes, there is angst and anger against the BJP's way of functioning and their attempts to disrupt the functioning of the assembly.\" She denied that the aggressive statement was part of a political posturing against an offensive opposition in preparation for the 2013 assembly polls.\"We ( Congress) have fought elections in the past and will fight again. The 2013 elections are still a year away and this is certainly not about elections,\" she added firmly.The BJP on Tuesday had cited a trial court order of August 31 which held as \"maintainable\" a complaint against the Delhi CM, PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan and organizing committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi alleging their involvement in large-scale corruption during the Games.Responding with a clarification, Dikshit said, \"Yesterday, Harsh Vardhan carried a placard the and the BJP led by Malhotra cast aspersions and laid charges of corruption against our government and CM in particular. In the case being mentioned by the BJP no judgment has been passed till date.In an order dated August 31 the court has observed that the complaint seems to be maintainable in view of the non-furnishing of the information by the police as sought by the court and, therefore, has asked the officers of Delhi Police to appear in person and furnish the documents. As on date, Delhi government has not been found wanting on any account for the conduct of the Games. In fact, in view of the cases where investigations have been completed by the CVC/CBI, the matter has been closed.\"\"The Delhi government has worked in a transparent manner and made the records available to all the concerned agencies, including CAG , Shunglu Committee, CTE, CBI and CVC. Considering the replies furnished by the Delhi government, the CBI has till date not filed a single chargesheet against any officer of GNCTD leave alone ministers,\" she added.When speaker Yoganand Shastri allowed Dikshit to deliver a statement, BJP MLAs stormed into the well of the house protesting the move. \"How can you deny us a discussion on the same issue saying that the matter is sub-judice and allow the CM to go ahead and give a clarification?\" said leader of the opposition V K Malhotra.\"We have fought elections in the past and will fight again. The 2013 elections are still a year away and regularization of illegal colonies is certainly not about polls,\" said Delhi CM, Sheila Dikshit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16274982", "title": "Hospital building roof collapses, 9 injured", "text": "Hubli: Nine persons were injured and admitted to hospitals when an under-construction hospital building collapsed in Gadag on Wednesday. Speaking to TOI, Gadag town police inspector Suresh Kumbar said that ten people were working in the construction work of a new private hospital on New Bus Stop Road of Gadag. When they were putting a slab on the roof, the roof suddenly collapsed. Seven people with minor injuries were admitted to Gadag district hospital, and two people who suffered serious injuries were shifted to KIMS hospital in Hubli. A case has been registered with Gadag town police station, but the reason for building roof to collapse has not yet been ascertained.Hit by truck, biker dies A motorcyclist died in a road accident when a private company truck hit his bike near Heggeri in Old Hubli on Wednesday. According to the south traffic police station sources, the deceased person was identified as NWKTRTC employee Khaleel Pathan (46). He was killed on the spot when he was travelling to Heggeri from Indi pump of Old Hubli. A case is registered with South traffic police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16274343", "title": "\u2018Universities facilitate free flow of ideas\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: \"Do not convert universities into an institute, instead convert institutes into universities,\" said noted scientist Prof Yashpal while addressing a function to mark the Teacher's Day celebrations at the Banaras Hindu University (BHU) at K N Udupa Auditorium on Wednesday.On the recent conversion of the Institute of Technology (IT-BHU) into Indian Institute of Technology ( IIT-BHU), Prof Yashpal said: \"IT-BHU has produced best brains in the world and conversion of universities into IITs, AIIMS and more such institutes will ultimately lead to lack of inter-disciplinary knowledge.\"Laying emphasis on the model of a university, he said, \"A university should have a wide range of subjects like linguistics, art, religion and science. A university is a place where all kinds of thoughts and views can be exchanged. However, I fear BHU may lose it.\"Felicitating the superannuated teachers of the university, Prof Yashpal said, \"Such teachers are now free to explore the world of knowledge more freely.\" He added, \"Children are the real teachers of society, because they do not incline towards a particular discipline. Crossing disciplines should be made mandatory. Prof Yashpal also said that in present time, information is spreading at such a fast pace that it can block creativity.\" A total of 31 retired teachers were honoured on the occasion.Meanwhile, the Teachers Day was observed by all the departments and faculties of BHU. Students organised cultural programmes and events for the felicitation of their teachers on the occasion. Students of faculty of Dental Sciences, Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), BHU, Arya Mahila Degree College, Women's College also organised their felicitation programme for their teachers. At the same time, students of various schools of the city marked the occasion by holding cultural and sporting events for their teachers. In most of the schools students got dressed themselves as their teachers and conducted classes. Students also organised cultural and sporting competitions for their teachers and presented flowers and gifts to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16274313", "title": "Why men won't say: Honey, this dress doesn\u2019t suit you", "text": "LONDON: Nearly 50% men are scared to tell a woman if she wears clothes that don't suit as they fear it would upset her, according to a new UK survey.A survey of women's wardrobes by the British Heart Foundation, found that one in four men regularly wince at their other half 's choice in clothes. Nearly half of the 918 men surveyed admitted they couldn't tell the truth without causing some sort of upset.Two thirds believed it would anger their women or even make them cry.Some 35% men thought the clothes were 'frumpy' and 28% believed they were too tight, the Daily Mail said.Twenty-two per cent thought their partner's clothes would better suit an older woman, 16% felt the opposite , and thought their partner resembled mutton dressed as lamb. Thirty-three per cent of the 1,082 women surveyed said that shorts were the most likely item to be unflattering.They were followed by lowcut tops and skinny jeans and leggings. Five in ten women claim they are hanging on to the items because they might suit them if they lose weight, while 24% hope the outfits will come back into fashion.\"I can understand why men are reluctant to comment on their partner's appearance ,\" the Telegraph quoted Dr Gayle Brewer, lecturer in psychology at University of Central Lancashire, as saying . \"Physical attractiveness is more important for women in terms of being desirable to the opposite sex. Men shouldn't be afraid to say but they need to be tactful - it's all about how you tell someone ,\" Dr Brewer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274046", "title": "Navabharat acquisition was done legally: Essar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Essar Power Ltd has claimed that the acquisition of Navabharat Power, one of the companies named in CBI's FIRs on Tuesday into the Coalgate scandal, was above board and there was nothing illegal about it.Essar Power acquired 100% equity of Navabharat Power \"in two tranches in July 2010 and April 2011 for a total consideration of around Rs 230 crore\", the company said.The entire acquisition was carried out in a transparent manner with independent financial and legal advisors assisting the company in the process of acquisition. \"Essar Power categorically denies allegations which have been voiced in certain media reports based on unidentified sources that Navabharat was a 'front' company of Essar,\" the statement said.Following the acquisition, Essar Power invested more than Rs 500 crore in developing the project and had also achieved financial closure, the statement said.Navabharat Power, promoted by Hyderabad-based businessman P Trivikram Prasad and ex-CEO of Lanco Power Y Harish Chandra Prasad, was allotted a coal block in January 2008, three years before the acquisition by Essar was concluded, the company said. \"Essar has had no dealings with either of the original promoters until this transaction,\" the company said.\"The acquisition of Navabharat Power was in line with the company's publicly stated strategy of growing its power generation business through both organic and inorganic means and was fully disclosed to all relevant statutory authorities,\" it said.\"The total agreed consideration was split between the promoters (who also held direct stake in Navabharat Power) and 100% promoter-owned companies, as per the agreements,\" Essar Power said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16272895", "title": "97% girls sexually harassed: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost every single girl of the 6,000 surveyed by students of a south Mumbai college claimed that she had been a victim of sexual harassment at some point in life. Worse still, three out of four girls chose not to react and did nothing about it.A survey by five female students of Mahalaxmi's Lala Lajpatrai College for their Bachelor of Mass Media (BMM) course revealed these startling facts. The survey was conducted with the help of We the People Foundation, which was formed after Keenan Santos and Rueben Fernandes were killed while trying to save their female friends from eve-teasers.The information revealed in the survey spurred the girls-Rasika Ajgaonkar, Vridhi Sharma, Devanshi Vora, Sanchi Dixit and Akanksha Gujral-to kick off a campaign 'Ab main ek bajaoon' (Now, I will whistle)\"It was meant to be just a class presentationn as we thought this topic would be good as it addresses the concern of every girl in the city. However, after the survey, people started coming to us for support. As part of the campaign, we are creating awareness among girls by circulating handbills with messages and a whistle among girls,\" said Sharma. The whistle is only to alert people and not to take law into their own hands, she said.The girls surveyed around 6,000 girls, mostly from city colleges. Girls as young as 15-year-olds, who have just joined colleges, were also surveyed.\"During the survey, we found that girls do not even know the helpline where they can call when harassed. And even if they know, they believe that the cops will never come to help, which is not true. We tried calling the number and it did work,\" said another studentfrom the group.While 65% of the respondents said that they reacted by doing nothing when they were harassed, a mere 5% reported the case to the police.Most girls said they were harassed in trains, buses, on platforms, crowded streets/narrow lanes, in offices, schools, colleges and their residential premises. Trains and railway platforms were the most dangerous places as 58% girls claimed they were sexually harassed there. Around 53% girls claimed that they were scared of reacting.It was this survey by five girls from the Bachelors' in Mass Media (BMM) course from Lala Lajpatrai College in Mahalaxmi, that spurred them to kick off a campaign 'Ab main ek bajaun' (Now, I will whistle). The survey was conducted with the help of 'We the People Foundation', the foundation which was formed after Keenan Santos and Rueben Fernandes were killed while trying to save their female friends from eve teasers.Vridhi Sharma, one of the five students to work on the project said, \"We thought it would be a good project to work on as it would address the concern of each and every girl in the city. It initially was meant only for our class presentation, however, when the awareness spread, people started coming to us for more support. As part of the campaign, we are just creating awareness among girls by circulating handbills with messages and a whistle.\" She added that the whistle is meant only to alert people and not to take law in their own hands.As part of their campaign, they surveyed around 6,000 girls, mostly from city colleges and got some startling facts. The girls covered in the survey were as young as 15-year-olds who have just joined college. The survey was conducted by Rasika Ajgaonkar, Vridhi Sharma, Devanshi Vora, Sanchi Dixit and Akanksha Gujral.\"When we surveyed students we found that they don't even know the helpline number to be called when they are harassed. Even when they know, they believe that the cops will never come to help, which is not true. We tried calling the number and it did work,\" said another student from the group.While 65% of the respondents said that they reacted by doing nothing when they were harassed, a mere five per cent went ahead and reported the case to the police. Most of the girls claimed that they were harassed in trains, platforms, buses, crowded streets/narrow lanes and even in offices, schools, colleges and their residential premises. In fact trains and railway platforms were the most dangerous places as 58 percent girls claimed they were harassed sexually there. Around 53% of girls claimed that they were scared of reacting.SURVEY REVELATIONSSexual Harassment?YES: 97% NO: 3%Did you react when you were sexually harassed?YES: 25% NO:75%How did you react?By doing nothing: 65%.Confronted the perpetrator: 25%Reported to police: 5%What stops you from reacting?I am scared: 53%Don't know how to react: 45%Because of my 'chalta hai' attitude: 2%Where does sexual harassment occur?In trains &amp; at railway stations: 58%In buses/taxi/autorickshaws : 45%Crowded streets &amp; narrow lanes:52%Beach resorts, entertainment parks, overnight parties: 32%Office, school/college or residential premises: 45%What is the cause behind the rising cases of sexual harassment?No fear of the law: 45%Lack of moral values: 35%Immigrants: 5%Women don't react: 15%Do you know the IPC section in which you can book the perpetrator?YES: 3% NO: 97%Register your complaints onwww.mumbaipolice.orgCall 103 (Mumbai), Call 1091 (Outside Mumbai)SMS on 7738133133 and 7738144144Railways: GRP: 9833331111, RPF: 1275)25443535 and 25424444 (Thane)Contact Ab Main Ek Bajaoon:abmainek@gmail.comhttp://abmainekbajaoon.webs.comwww.facebook.com/abmainekbajaoonwww.twitter.com/abmainekbajaoonabmainekbajaoon.wordpress.comContactWTPF: contactwtpf@gmail.comwww.facebook.com/groups/differentindiawww.facebook.com/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273694", "title": "Publisher to file RTI plea for raid", "text": "KOLKATA: The owner of Mitra Ghosh, one of the city's leading publishers, on Wednesday alleged that the police were deliberately trying to terrorize them for publishing a book, written by ADG police (training) Nazrul Islam, that questions several moves by the state government.The owner, Sabitendranath Roy, had earlier alleged that the police had raided the College Street office of the publishing house on Friday. The officials, however, denied this and said they had only bought some books from them.The publisher will file an RTI in the state police department to find out the reason behind the raid. \"We want to see details of the order,\" said director of the publishing house Indrani Roy.\"If the police think that we are selling a controversial book, why don't they read it and then publish criticisms? Why did they have to raid our premise, seal it and then look for copies of the book?This is illegal and we condemn it. We appeal to the administration to take action against such erring officers, if the state government claims to have nothing against the book,\" lashed out an angry Roy.The book, Muslimder Koroniyo, has been written by senior cop Nazrul Islam. Hehas criticized several decisions by the Mamata Banerjee government, including the plans to set up 10,000 madrassas and its focus on Aligarh Muslim University. \"What Muslims need is secular and modern education and not madrassas. Similarly, instead of Aligarh, a modern university should have been set up,\" the book reads.Nazrul has also criticized the way many ministers had attended Iftaar parties without keeping the mandatory daytime fast. Again, insallah and khuda hafiz are often said in the same breath, which is actually hurtful to Islam, the book points out.Roy said that he had received a call first from the deputy commissioner of police, Debabrata Das, asking him to stop circulating the book. \"After this, we removed all the books from our shop. However, a huge force of police, led by assistant commissioner N Chatterjee, locked up our premises on Friday and searched for the book. They terrorised our staff and kept shouting at our staffers and refused to believe that the books weren't there anymore. This went on for three hours,\" said Indrani Roy, director of the publishing house.The publishers have already sought legal help and lawyers Arunangshu Chatterjee and Arunava Ghosh are handling the matter. \"We have been told that the state was in a good mind to ban the book. and hence unleashed the police on us.We want the people of the state to support us and raise their voices. This is nothing short of infringement on fundamental rights,\" Roy added.It was learnt from sources that Nazrul might file a defamation suit against some media houses that were calling him names for trying to \"disrupt\" peace and instigate violence.has sought justice against \"police terror\" that has been \"hounding them since Thursday night and has left them left them \"maimed\". Publisher Sabitendranath Roy related the entire incident to the media at a press conference on Wednesday and said that the police was deliberately trying to terrorise his publishing house for publishing a book that questions the state government's stand vis a vis the Muslims. TOI had earlier reported that the enforcement branch had reportedly raided the publisher's College Street premise on Friday noon in an effort to confiscate copies of the book. The police however denied this and said that they had bought copies of the book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278247", "title": "Nokia Lumia 920: Hits &amp; misses", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16274464", "title": "Diarrhoea: More than 200 cases reported this season", "text": "KANPUR: In this monsoon season till now, over 200 cases of diarrohea have been reported in city and nearby areas among, which four deaths were also reported. However, most of the diarrhoea patients have recovered with treatment but the number of sufferers is still increasing.According to the doctors, with the onset of monsoon and poor civic scenario prevailing in the city, rise in monsoon diseases such as diarrohea and malaria was expected.The residents have alleged that poor civic amenities like contaminated drinking water supply and open drains have led to outbreak of diarrohea in city, but the civic body is downplaying the entire issue.Even the health experts believe that the poor quality of drinking water supply is the main reason for gastro problems in the city. People are forced to consume dirty water as the drinking water supply pipelines have developed leakages and the Municipal and Jal Sansthan authorities are not bothered to repair it. Residents have also alleged that the chlorination of the drinking water source has not been carried out properly by the civic body.In the recent survey of health department, as many as 90 areas in the city were having zero level chlorine in drinking water supply. Though, the health department authorities claimed to sent several letters to Municipal and Jal Sansthan authorities but no one took the matter seriously.Talking to TOI, CMO, DR RP Yadav said, \"I have sent several letters to concerned authorities to maintain the chlorine level in drinking water supply in the city but no rapid and positive response has been given to us. This time I have sent a letter to district administration officials to intervene into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "samrala", "code": "16274684", "title": "Urdu author Saadat Hasat Manto's daughters preach peace", "text": "SAMRALA: At a time when Indo-Pak relations are rapidly souring over fake SMSs and forced eviction of Hindus, the three daughters of legendary Urdu author Saadat Hasat Manto, whose poignant stories of Partition continue to earn him admirers on both sides of the border, on Wednesday said they have come to India as the mascots of peace.The daughters - Nighat, Nuzhat and Nusrat - were emotional when they visited their father's birthplace in Paproudi village in Samrala. They had come to India through the Attari checkpost on Tuesday, to participate in the centenary celebrations of Manto in New Delhi.\"Never in this world have we got such a warm welcome. The relations between the two countries should stay like this,\" remarked Manto's eldest daughter Nighat Patel.For the second time in a year, there was a carnival in the sleepy Paproudi village, with jubilant men and women welcoming their local hero and maverick Manto's daughters. The villagers had observed the birth centenary of the legendary writer on May 12. The daughters, who live in Pakistan, were keen to join the centenary celebrations in India, but, strict visa regime spoiled their plans.On Wednesday, men burst crackers and showered balloons and confetti on them as they moved around in an open jeep. \"Our daughters have come from Pakistan. We have made the arrangements in a way that they never forget this visit to their father's village,\" said Baldev Singha, a retired Army officer from the village.Children scampered on as the delegation moved through mustard fields and the maze of village roads raised slogans: \"Hind-Pak Dosti Zindabad\", \"Saadat Hasan Manto Amar Rahe\".Manto's daughters were taken to a local ITI college, where a pipe-band greeted them amid euphoric cries. Members of various literary organisations offered greeting cards and gifts, including Nanakshahi coins.\"It's a great moment for all of us that they have come from Pakistan to our village, which is as much ours as theirs,\" said Jasvinder Gogi, a farmer.At the village entrance, the trio laid the foundation stone for a gate in Manto's memory. After the celebrations, they left for New Delhi for a literary function which will be presided over by Union human resources development minister Kapil Sibal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16271898", "title": "Clips of Aug 11 molesters sent to all police stations", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to nab the four persons suspected to be involved in the molestation of women police constables during the August 11 Azad Maidan violence, the Mumbai crime branch has circulated video clippings and photographs of the suspects to all 12 of its units and 90 police stations. Sources said that cops officials have been warned to keep the pictures and videos strictly confidential and to show them to only those informers who can provide them solid leads. Senior police officials said arresting these molesters will now be top priority for them.Investigators said the victims have identified two of the molesters from the pictures. \"We think one of the suspects has already been arrested for other acts of vandalism on that day. He has been sent to judicial custody and we need to parade him before the victims to confirm whether he is indeed one of the molesters,\" an official said.The crime branch on Wednesday arrested one more person for the August 11 violence, taking the number of arrests in the case to 59. Mohammed Farhan Shaikh (18), a resident of Shivaji Nagar in Govandi, was picked up by crime branch unit 6 on Wednesday. He will be produced before the court on Thursday.With this the number of persons arrested in Azad Maidan violence touched to 59.Two suspects, Salim Mehtab Shaikh and Amir Yunus Shaikh, have been discharged under Section 169 of the Crpc. Last week, Anees Dawre, Aslam Ali Shaikh and Abbas Ujjainwala had been discharged under the same section. \"We found that either these people were innocent or we didn't have sufficient evidence to prove they were involved in the violence. Hence, we had to discharge them,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).Police said that they have also identified two more persons who are likely to be discharged in the end of this week. Beside this the police are now looking for around one dozen persons who were seen vandalizing the police and the media vehicles.Two persons were killed and 63 persons were injured when the mob which had assembled to protest atrocities on minorities turned violent on August 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16273595", "title": "Probationary officers meet UP governor", "text": "Probationary IAS and PCS officers met governor BL Joshi at Raj Bhawan on Wednesday. Addressing these officers, the governor said that keeping common man in view, the administration should be more sensitive, transparent and accountable. He said that it is a matter of pleasure that the probationary IAS and PCS officers have got an opportunity to serve in the biggest state of the country.Sit-in: On the occasion of Teachers Day, basic education teachers, under the banner of Vishisht BTC Shikshak Association, UP, staged a sit-in in front of the Vidhan Bhawan on Wednesday demanding inter-district transfers of basic teachers.Teachers felicitated: Dr KL Garg Memorial Charitable Trust, on the occasion of Teacher Day felicitated 172 educationists here. Lifetime achievement award was given to five retired teachers while 12 teachers were felicitated for their outstanding contribution to education.Appointed: The state government has appointed VK Singh as joint secretary of UP Power Corporation Limited. Arif Haider and Jawahar Lal, president and general secretary respectively of the Headquarters Sangh in a joint statement have hailed the decision.CPI condemns govt decision: CPI has strongly condemned the decision of the state government levelling additional value added tax on all essential commodities and for increasing electricity rates. The UP state council of the CPI said that after coming to power, the SP government did not evince any interest in controlling price rise. The party would hold demonstrations all over the state to protest increase in electricity charges and levelling of additional vat on essential commodities, says a party release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273368", "title": "Postmortem can be done after organ retrieval, suggests DGHS", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could be a landmark move to improve India's abysmally low organ donation rate, the director general of health services ( DGHS) has proposed that post-mortem can be undertaken after organ retrieval if the cause of the death is not attributed to the organs which need to be retrieved.The Union health ministry's draft 'Transplantation of Human Organ Rules 2012' says a post-mortem (PM) should not delay retrieval of vital organs from a brain dead patient.It has therefore suggested that \"the autopsy in medico legal cases ideally should be conducted simultaneously by the authorized forensic doctor along with retrieval procedures by the retrieval team\".It has further proposed that in case of a government hospital, if the autopsy is not conducted simultaneously, the organ-retrieving doctor can certify the condition of the retrieved organ and tissue at the time of retrieval.\"His report in respect of retrieved organs and tissues will be valid for medico legal purpose. Further autopsy may be conducted at the designated place,\" the draft says.\"Whether the report of a retrieving doctor can be allowed to be part of the autopsy is being discussed,\" said a senior ministry official.A post mortem is conducted in a mortuary while organ retrieval is conducted in an operation theatre where the body of a brain dead patient is kept on a ventilator so that the organs stay fresh.The body is sent to the morgue after the life support is taken off. Once a patient is declared brain-dead, around 37 organs and tissues can be donated, including the heart, kidneys, liver, lungs and pancreas.However, when such a patient is kept for autopsy for hours, the heart finally fails, after which only the cornea, bone, skin and blood vessels can be reused.With modern diagnostic technologies, forensic experts don't even need to cut the organs. \"MRIs and CT scans can tell doctors the condition of the organs and whether they are the cause for the death or not. It is best if a forensic doctor is available at the operation theatre for medico legal reporting of the organs retrieved and to certify that he will not be requiring these organs for establishing the cause of death. However if he requires a sample from a specific organ, it will not be harvested,\" a ministry official added.The debate has been on for some time now on whether post mortems should be conducted round the clock. At present, post-mortem is done mainly during the day.\"The trend of day-time autopsies is more of a practice than a rule,\" an expert said.Dr Aarti Vij, faculty in charge of Organ Retrieval Banking Organisation at AIIMS, said forensic experts start recording findings at the time of retrieval and in case it takes case at night then the post mortem is completed the next morning.\"Round the clock post mortem would be ideal. If an organ is retrieved at night, post mortem is done the next morning which delays the handing over of the body to relatives,\" Dr Vij added.The draft recommends a single state level authorisation committee along with additional authorisation committees in the districts or hospitals. No member from the transplant team of the hospital can be a member of the authorisation committee. A hospital based authorisation committee will have to be chaired by the senior most person officiating of the hospital.Other members of the committee would include two senior doctors from the same hospital who are not part of the transplant team, two persons of high integrity, social standing, who have served in high ranking government positions, such as in higher judiciary, senior cadre of police service or who have served as a reader or professor in University Grants Commission approved university or are self-employed professionals of repute such as lawyers, chartered accountants and doctors (of Indian Medical Association) and secretary (health) or a nominee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275278", "title": "Is anyone watching them flout rules?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: No amount of vigil, it seems, can stop student unions from flouting rules. Sample this -- at 7am on Wednesday morning, two buses sped off to Kasuali from the parking area in Sector 15 market, barely half a kilometer from Panjab University gate no. 2.The private buses with numbers PB10BQ 4325 and PC11AC 9925 were packed with students and sent off by a supporter of a prominent student body, who got nervous on seeing a TOI lensman taking photos of the departure.Fifty two students from Masters of Computer Application (MCA) course, Panjab University and some from Post Graduate Government College, Sector 11, were a part of this trip to Kasuali. The students were cautious enough not to put up any stickers or banners of the student body on the buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16272138", "title": "10 stuck in WTC lifts after power failure", "text": "MUMBAI: Four days after state industries minister Narayan Rane was trapped in a lift in a commercial centre at Santa Cruz , 10 people were stuck in three different lifts at the IDBI Bank Towers at the World Trade Centre in Cuffe Parade on Wednesday evening after a power failure.For over 45 minutes, six people were trapped in a lift stuck on the 15th floor, one person inside a lift stuck between the fifth and sixth floors, one person inside a lift on the eighth floor and two people inside a lift stuck on the fifth floor of the 26-storeyed tower. Unlike in Rane's case, where three people from the lift maintenance firm were arrested, no arrests were made after Wednesday's incident.However, this time the fire brigade reached the spot within 10 minutes of the first distress call made by the bank at 6.03pm. One rescue van, one fire engine and two ambulances were present at the site. The fire brigade used an alternate back-up facility, a diesel generator set, from the World Trade Centre to restore the power supply. Fire brigade officials first spoke to the persons stuck inside the lifts and got them to calm down.\"When lifts get stuck, we usually force open the doors from outside. In this case, we pried open the doors with emergency keys. Operators from the lift firm, OTIS, were called to the spot and the building security, OTIS, BEST and firemen carried out a coordinated operation. Had OTIS begun operating the lifts while we were prying the doors open using emergency keys, the firemen would have sustained injuries. But our timely coordination helped avert a mishap,\" said P S Rahangdale, deputy chief fire officer. The reason behind the power failure at the tower is unclear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273969", "title": "Jayaswal group gets breather in iron ore case from Delhi HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Jayaswal group, under CBI scanner for alleged irregularities in allotment of coal blocks, has got partial relief from the Delhi High Court in a case relating to grant of preferential rights for mining iron ore in Chhattisgarh.Justice V K Shali on Tuesday restrained the CBI from taking any coercive steps against one of the group firms, Jayaswal Neco India Ltd, which has sought quashing of the FIR lodged by the CBI for offences under Prevention of Corruption Act and several provisions of IPC on forgery and cheating.While hearing the plea on Tuesday, HC also issued notice to the probe agency. However, the court did not stay further investigation into the case where the agency is examining the complaint that the firm furnished forged documents to the Chhattisgarh government in its application for mining lease in Rowghat area of the the state.In its petition, the firm blamed the CBI, the Central Vigilance Commission and the government of Chhattisgarh of abuse of power, claiming it had already received a clean chit from CVC in 2008. It said that even though CVC closed the case, yet the vigilance watchdog later reviewed its own order and re-started the probe. \"Sudden start of probe by CBI in spite of categorical and clear closure of vigilance case by CVC is perplexing,\" the petition said, urging HC to quash the case on account of delay.The petition also blamed the Chhattisgarh government for foisting a false case on the firm with the \"sole purpose to deprive petitioner of valuable preferential rights of grant of mining lease over Rowghat A to E iron ore mines\". It alleged the state government referred the case to the CBI and pushed for a probe against the firm to scupper its chances for mining rights.Appearing for the CBI, counsel P K Mishra told the HC that probe into the matter was still at the initial stage and the agency was collecting evidence. He said the CBI had conducted raids on the company in Raipur and Nagpur in July and was gathering more material to prove its case.The petitioner firm however maintained the Chhattisgarh government was aiding \"corporate rivalry\" and suspected it is behind the latest CBI case lodged against the firm that will examine the company's action during 1999-2008. The Chhattisgarh government has accused the firm of fabricating records to improve its claim over mining rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16273994", "title": "Jamui SP to probe murder case: BHRC", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Human Rights Commission (BHRC) has directed Jamui SP to personally inquire into the alleged case of murder of a minority community member who was allegedly called at the village panchayat and brutally assaulted by hooligans and died during his treatment at a private Patna hospital. This happened at village Paharpur under Jhajha police station area in Jamui district.BHRC member and former DGP Neelmani said, \"Ashmina Khatoon, wife of Mumtaz Ansari, had lodged a complaint with the commission that her husband was called at the panchayat on February 17, 2012, where he was brutally assaulted. Ansari was taken to the district referral hospital where one Dr Ajay Singh allegedly took Rs 14,000 from his wife and sent the patient by an ambulance to Buddha Hospital and Research Institute at Patna.Ansari underwent treatment at the hospital for about a week before he died.\"Neelmani said Ashmina accused the hospital administration of deliberately keeping her husband's body on a ventilator for three days after his death just to fleece Rs 2.50 lakh which she managed to pay after selling her ornaments and land.She also accused the police of inaction and said she was being threatened by the assailants of dire consequences. She has to look after her two sons (10 and 7 years) and two daughters (15 and 12 years).Neelmani said the deceased was called to the panchayat by one of the seven accused named in the FIR lodged by Ashmina in this connection. He said it appears as if the deceased was called to the panchayat in connection with some old dispute.Jamui SP has been directed to personally supervise the case and ensure prompt action against the accused involved in the case, Neelmani said, adding the SP has also been directed to take disciplinary action for administrative lapses, if any, and send a report to the commission by October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274211", "title": "Chinese minister\u2019s gift baffles IAF pilots", "text": "NEW DELHI: Visiting Chinese defence minister General Liang Guanglie had an unusual \"token of appreciation'' for the two IAF pilots who ferried him and his entourage in a plush Embraer Legacy jet from Mumbai to New Delhi on Monday -- Rs 50,000 each in cash.Baffled and slightly alarmed at receiving the crisp currency notes in sealed envelopes, the two pilots promptly reported the matter to their seniors in the IAF, who in turn got the defence ministry into the loop. The end result is that the Rs 1 lakh has been deposited in the government 'Toshakhana' (treasury or depository) since it was thought prudent \"to avoid hurting Chinese sensitivities'' by returning the gift.While the 23-member Chinese delegation had flown from Beijing to Mumbai in their own People's Liberation Army (PLA) aircraft last Sunday, the Indian defence ministry had deployed the Legacy EMB 135BJ jet and an Avro from the Palam-based VVIP 'Air HQ Communication Squadron' to ferry them to the Capital.\"It's customary for any foreign dignitary to give small gifts like cufflinks or ties to the pilots. So, the two pilots accepted the sealed envelopes handed over by the Chinese official on landing at Palam,'' said an official.But much to their horror, the pilots found currency notes in the envelopes. They then informed their commanding officer, Group Captain S C Gulati, who in turn told his superiors and the Air HQ. The matter was \"suitably resolved'' when it reached the MoD.Incidentally, sight-seeing tours to the Gateway of India and Elephanta Caves in Mumbai, Taj Mahal in Agra and Qutub Minar in Delhi were arranged for the Chinese delegation during their five-day visit to India. Gen Liang and his delegation return to China on Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278136", "title": "Boys didn't like me with my short hair: Emma Watson", "text": "Emma Watson has revealed that her male friends weren't quite as nice about her getting all her lovely blonde Hermione Granger hair cut short two years ago.\"Of course, men like long hair. There's no two ways about it. The majority of the boys around me were like, 'Why did you do that? That's such an error',\" the Mirror quoted her as telling Glamour.\"And I was like, 'Well, honestly, I don't really care what you think!'\"I've never felt so confident as I did with short hair - I felt really good in my own skin. If I had it my way, I would have just kept it short forever,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16273422", "title": "JMM legislator in silent protest for para teachers", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) legislator Jaggannath Mahato has adopted a new way to press for the demand for regularization of para teachers by keeping mum during the day's proceedings in the assembly. There are around 88,000 para teachers in the state who are on an indefinite strike since August 29.Mahato has been demanding regularization of para teachers in the state for more than a year and had even threatened to immolate himself if the government failed to meet his demand. He withdrew the agitation and decision of self-immolation following a request of the state government.The MLA, who otherwise remains active in raising questions and participating in debates, did not speak a single word on Wednesday. During the zero hour, he submitted a written query to the chair. Speaker CP Singh read the question on the demand for appointment of teachers in a government school in Giridih district. \"It is a very unique method to protest and pressure the government to accept the demand. I would request deputy chief minister Hemant Soren to request the MLA to end his protest,\" said the speaker.However, the MLA did not accept the request and convey his feelings to the speaker in gestures. Mahato, on request of the speaker, however ended his silent protest at 2pm.\"Almost everyone in the house has been unanimously demanding regularization of para teachers but the state government has failed to keep its promise. The human resource development department has failed to even come up with regulation to make the service condition for para teachers humane. The para teachers are earning less than Rs 8,000 a month but none is listening to their problems,\" Mahato said after ending the protest.\"Instead of shouting before the government which is not ready to listen to the woes of the para teachers I decided to keep quiet in the assembly and register the protest,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274204", "title": "Orissa blames Planning Commission for confusing BPL list", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With distribution of subsidized rice to the poor continuing to raise the hackles in Odisha, the state government on Wednesday blamed the Planning Commission for creating confusion by coming up with different reports on the number of below-poverty-line households in the state.\"The Planning Commission is misleading the country. It has no specific data on the number of BPL families and has been stoking controversies at regular intervals by coming up with fresh parameters of poverty,\" food supplies and consumer welfare minister Pratap Keshari Deb said in the Assembly.Replying to a debate, Deb said the state government had in 1997 enumerated 48.58 lakh BPL families and issued ration cards to them. Two years later, the Centre, based on the Planning Commission-appointed Lakdawala Committee estimates, brought it down to 32.98 lakh and allotted 35 kg rice per family a month. \"The methodology adopted by the Planning Commission in downsizing the poverty estimates have been objected to by many states,\" he said, noting that the Parliamentary Standing Committee on food, civil supplies and public distribution had not agreed with the estimates and favoured a relook.The minister's response followed the Opposition slamming the ruling BJD distributing 25 kg rice a month per BPL household as against the Centre's policy of distributing 35 kg rice per BPL family. \"As the BPL ration cards were issued after door-to-door survey in 1997, mere reduction of poverty estimates by the Planning Commission in 1999-2000 could not be translated to actual elimination of families from the BPL-fold on the ground,\" Deb said, defending the state government policy. \"In order to accommodate all the identified BPL families, the state government has taken a decision to scale down the entitlements of BPL families to 25 kg per family a month so as to accommodate all families having BPL ration cards,\" he added.Deb said the state government has been buying 1.04 metric ton of rice at Rs 20 per kg per annum to meet the deficit due to higher number of BPL families than those accepted by the Centre.Leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh , in turn, came down heavily on the state government's 'ineptitude' in implementing a BPL survey in 2002. The Congress members also criticized the government over irregularities in the PLO (poor left out) scheme started by the Centre last year for an initial phase. Deb rubbished the allegations, saying the government had since August, 2011, written eight letters to different district collectors and 2.11 MT rice had already been lifted by 6.04 lakh beneficiaries (35 kg per family per month) under the scheme.The Assembly debate over subsidized rice followed the accountant general (general and social sector audit), Odisha, Amar Pattnaik, in a recent communique to the state government, highlighting \"irregular diversion of targeted public distribution system rice to ineligible beneficiaries involving central subsidy of Rs 2,648.07 crore\" in the state. The state government has refused any diversion of rice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16275446", "title": "Students \u2018Salute India\u2019 with brushes, words", "text": "LUDHIANA: Bringing the \"spirit of freedom\" alive through literature and painting, The Times of India initiated \" Salute India\" programme on August 11, inviting students of the city to participate in essay-writing and painting competitions. The programme concluded on Wednesday with a prize distribution ceremony amid a gathering of students, teachers and parents.Ram Lal Bhasin School won the competition, claiming 15 prizes and Springdale Public School and DAV Public School shared the second position with seven prizes each.Students and teachers shared their experiences of participating in \"Salute India\" programme.\"The 'Salute India' initiative taken by The Times of India was remarkable as the students got to express their views through brushes and words,\" said principal of Ram Lal Bhasin School Tarranum Fatima.Class VIII student from Ryan International School, Dugri, Akriti Seth said, \"My friends and I had a great time through our journey of participation in 'Salute India' programme. It was a fun-filled learning experience.\"Director of Indian Institute of Fashion Technology ( IIFT) Geeta Nagrath, who gave away the prizes, wished the teachers and motivated them to guide children to become responsible citizens.The first-of-its-kind event in the city witnessed participation by about 600 students from eight educational institutions of the city. \"Salute India\" was conducted at different schools with the support of teachers and school managements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272248", "title": "Ghazipur veggies sold on sludge", "text": "NEW DELHI: The road leading up to the Ghazipur sabzi mandi is narrow and broken. The slush on the road because of the recent rain makes walking on that stretch quite difficult. Half of the road is occupied by vegetable vendors and cows with a few dirty puddles thrown in. A gap in the wall, or so it seems, gives you access to east Delhi's biggest wholesale vegetable market. You step right into ankle-deep, foul-smelling muck.The scene inside is shocking. If you are getting your vegetables from this market, it might help to invest in some good quality potassium permanganate. The road between two rows of shops is lined with a stinking black sludge. If you can make your way past the curtains of flies and a few odd cows, you reach the vendors who have displayed their wares on plastic sheets placed on the sludge. \"What can we do? This is how it has been for the past one month. Our business has dropped sharply since people do not like coming here,\" said a vendor, Raju.The Ghazipur mandi is without an association at present and hence it is the responsibility of the Delhi Agricultural Marketing Board, headed by minister of food and civil supplies Haroon Yusuf, to ensure cleanliness and sanitation inside the mandi.On Monday, the Ghazipur vegetable vendors association went on a day-long strike to protest against the pathetic sanitary conditions in the market and demanded that they be shifted to a new complex located next door. \"This place is barely ever cleaned. Every year during the monsoon, this place gets flooded but this year has been particularly bad. In the past week, there was knee-deep water here and we had to wade through that and other organic waste to get to our shops. In fact, the entry to the market office is practically sealed off,\" said Satpal Singh, a commission agent.The Shahdara vegetable market was moved to Ghazipur in 2002 and the vendors were promised alternate accommodation within the next 11 months. Years later, DDA is yet to complete constructing the new complex and is locked in a court case with the market association. Ved Prakash Saini, an elected member of the association, says that DDA is demanding Rs 44.22 lakh for each new shop now.\"When they offered us a place 11 years back, they were asking for Rs 11 lakh. It is not our fault that they delayed the project by so many years. Meanwhile, since the new complex is coming up, no attention is being paid to the existing facility. We supply to the entire east Delhi area, including places like Noida, but we are forced to work in such deplorable conditions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272192", "title": "Shop amid muck at Okhla mandi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Okhla sabzi mandi, one of the biggest suppliers of vegetables and fruits to retailers in the NCR, is also one of the filthiest. A visit to the mandi causes your stomach to churn. TOI had published a report in April highlighting the unhygienic conditions at the mandi. When we revisited the market this week, not much had changed.The mess was back\u2014 perhaps it wasn't ever gone \u2014 and the lack of a hygienic environment was starkly evident. According to vendors at the mandi, the place had not been cleaned for weeks. Heaps of rotting vegetables and leftovers were lying in the open. The muck stuck to your soles and flies swarmed over the wares. Fruit crates were kept near a public toilet.Vendors were wary of discussing how Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) had neglected the yard, fearing a backlash. But some mustered the courage to come forward as they felt it was unhealthy even for the retailers sitting at their stalls.\"There is muck everywhere and the stench is unbearable. It becomes messier when it rains. I am not sure why the staff is not able to clean the yard properly,\" said Nanne, a retailer.Another retailer, Sabir, claimed the mandi was cleaned only once a week, usually on Fridays, but the outside is spruced up every day. \"They don't clean it properly. There should be a system where people dump the leftovers at one place and the mandi is cleaned on an hourly basis. I don't think they have done a thorough cleaning-up job in months,\" said a retailer who did not want to be named.But APMC officials blamed it on the monsoon. \"It rained heavily a number of times in the past few days. Sabzi mandis are anyway a little messy. The rain just makes it worse,\" said secretary, APMC, Azadpur, Raj Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16274022", "title": "Amid concerns over pollution, Coimbatore wetlands brace for chathurthi", "text": "COIMBATORE: Vinayaka Chathurthi falls on September 19 and wetlands in the city are bracing themselves for another season in which their waters might be polluted by large-scale immersion of idols. Though a sacred festival for thousands of Hindus, green activists here have raised concerns over the practice of immersing idols in the wetlands. However, right wing outfits say this is a non-issue as idols are all set to go eco-friendly.Environmental activists say they don't have a problem with the immersion of clay idols, which are small with natural dyes painted on them. \"But huge plaster of Paris idols with chemical paintings can pollute the lakes. That's the only thing we are objecting to,\" said K Mohan Raj of Save Coimbatore Wetlands.Also, the wetlands in the city are almost dried up. Even though it has been raining in Coimbatore over the last one week, the downpour has been intermittent and it has not helped to increase water level in the wetlands. GreensActivists blame the government authorities for allowing such a situation to happen. \"Last year, a hole was dug up in Singanallur Lake, water was filled from tankers and idols were immersed in it. We have to wait and see what will happen this year. This is a shame,\" said Mohan.But right wing outfits do not agree with what green activists say. They allege that is a targeted attempt to tarnish the image of the Hindu festivals. \"All Hindu festivals are eco-friendly. Where are these greens when camels are slaughtered in the city for Eid?\" said an indignant Arjun Sampath, leader, Hindu Munnani Katchi (HMK).\"Every Hindu festival is objected by the greens, who have problems against Pongal for the burning of old goods, Diwali for noise pollution and Ayudha Pooja for the smashing of pumpkins on the streets,\" said Sampath.He added that Chathurthi was in keeping with the spirit of environment friendliness and instilled that quality among Hindus. \"This year we are praying for linking of the country's rivers to do away with issues like Mullaperiyar , a non-corrupt society that Anna Hazare and Baba Ram Dev are striving for, a Hindu nation instead of a secular one, Tamil Ealam and eradication of liquor. We will be using clay idols and not chemical ones,\" said the HMK leader.Meanwhile, the police department is making elaborate plans for Chathurthi. \"We will be holding meetings will the organisers in two to three days. We will request them to follow all norms in installing idols and holding processions,\" said ES Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16273297", "title": "CM for enriching knowledge power for India to super power country", "text": "NASHIK: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan addressing a huge gathering at Kalidas Kalamandir, while felicitating teachers on the occasion of Teacher's Day round the State with 'Adarsh Shikshak Puraskar', the chief minister categoricall pointed out that countries around the globe had certain resources in abundance which helped them prosperusing which they could trade for their livelihood and prosperity, but even as India lacked certain resources, its biggest advantage was did not have anything specific other than its manpower and the knowledge.\"Other countries have natural resources like oil, natural resources, water, and minerals like gold or coal. Since we have these in limited quantities, we have to stress on their judicious distributionof the resources within the country. But we have manpower in abundance and hence can create a knowledge economy which will further make to take India forward as a super power in the true sense,\" Chavan said.The chief minister also criticized the condition of higher education in the country, as none of the nation's universities featured among the top 200 professional universities around the globe. To draw home his point Chavan said that the country had less than 18% youngsters going for higher education as against 90% percent of youngsters in Israel who opt for post graduate education. going for masters and post graduate education.\"The problem used to be that with the country was that knowledge was withheld by certain groups of people for a very large number of many years which eventually led to the country being ruled by foreigners from time-to-time periodically. But now is the time when the doors of knowledge have been thrown open wide for the nation's people,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16271524", "title": "People's Liberation Army rebel caught", "text": "SHILLONG: A militant of Manipur-based People's Liberation Army (PLA) was nabbed by BSF jawans at Dawki in East Khasi Hills while he was trying to cross over to Bangladesh on Tuesday.Identified as Athokpam Surchandra Singh (43) of Thongju village, Imphal (East), the ultra is self-styled area secretary of the banned outfit's Imphal (West) division, a BSF source said. \"He underwent training in 1993 in the 9th batch of PLA and was involved in the outfit's organizational work in Bangladesh by organizing public meetings and motivating the youth to join PLA,\" a BSF spokesperson said. \"He also revealed that most of the time he was in Bangladesh and had entered India in December, 2011. He got married in Bangladesh and his wife and two daughters are still there,\" the spokesperson added. The BSF jawans seized Indian currency and a mobile phone from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16273872", "title": "Azgaonkar hits out at Cong over horticulture scheme", "text": "MARGAO: Former minister Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar on Wednesday pointed out that the previous Congress-led government's handling of the 'Price control scheme' of the Goa state horticulture corporation was faulty, and appealed to the BJP-led government to take corrective action.Azgaonkar gave the Manohar Parrikar government an eight-day ultimatum to remove all roadside gaddas given for self-employment under the scheme as \"this was a violation of a Supreme Court order\". He warned that if no action was taken, he would lead an agitation with the local vegetable vendors and file a contempt petition in the court.While addressing mediapersons, a visibly agitated Azgaonkar claimed that 1.40 crore had been spent in providing subsides for the horticulture scheme. \"This scheme has affected our local agriculture production in Goa as farmer cannot compete with the rate at which agricultural products are being sold at these horticulture gaddas. Due to the prevailing scenario, many of the farmers have dumped agriculture as it not financially viable anymore,\" added Azgaonkar.When the former minister was asked why he had not raised the issue in the assembly when his government was in power, Azgaonkar claimed he had brought it up on several occasions during their cabinet meeting.He said that he was made aware of the existing scenario when he visited the markets, and that was why he and his brother Rajendra, the acting president of the 'Vegetable, readymade and cloth vendors association' had submitted a memorandum to the office of the chief minister and horticulture corporation in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274201", "title": "Not a very happy day for state teachers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Even as students across the state paid tributes to their teachers on Wednesday, the day held little cheer for many instructors in schools and colleges. Members of United Teachers and Employees Association (UTEA), a body of school and college teachers' unions, rued non-fulfillment of their demands.The association has demanded an elementary education board in the line of board of secondary education to improve the quality education in elementary level. It has also demanded to restore the service of 850 headmasters who were reverted from the post, abolition of block grant and provide grant-in-aid, house rent to teachers, to fill up vacant teaching posts and so on.Addressing a huge gathering of students organized by UTEA, chief minister Naveen Patnaik said, \"There are several issues and complaints related to teachers and the state government is aware of it. We are trying to solve the problems on priority basis.\" He further said the state government has taken steps for more teachers employment in schools and colleges. Last year, about 31,000 sikshya sahayaks were regularized and contractual teachers over six years service were made permanent, he added.However, teachers countered that the quality of education has not improved over the years. \"With the abolition of fail system, neither students nor teachers are taking education seriously. There is no parameter through which we can judge the standard of a student. By setting up Elementary Education Board, the elementary education can be streamlined and students get to know about the seriousness of board examination,\" said Pramod Kumar Das, a headmaster from Nabrangpur.\"Due to a policy of the state government that said teachers without seven years of experience as assistant teachers cannot become headmasters, about 850 teachers were degraded from the post. But they joined in newly established schools, so where from they would have brought experience. By restoring their post the government can at least return their lost dignity,\" said president of UTEA, Bikram Keshari Barma. He further said, \"We don't believe in cease work and strike rather we would try to solve our problems through discussion with the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16273895", "title": "Government widens scope of ESI Act", "text": "PANAJI: The employees state insurance corporation has stated that all shops and commercial establishment having ten or more employees will now be covered under the Employees state insurance (ESI) Act.Regional director CV Joseph said that this statement is according to a notification issued by the state government published in the Goa government gazette on July 5 this year.Prior to this amendment, the provisions of the ESI Act were only applicable to shops and establishments employing 20 or more employees. Now, the Act will enable a large number of employees, contract workers engaged in small shops, hotels, restaurants and commercial establishments operating in Goa , who can avail the various benefits provided under the ESI Act, 1948, the director said.He said that for further details or clarification, social security officers can be contacted in the ESIC regional office at Panaji, or on the toll free number 1800-2330432.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274648", "title": "Coalgate: Firms misrepresented financial status, says CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has found that the private companies named in the first set of Coalgate FIRs misrepresented their financial status by claiming association of different companies. Nav Bharat Power Private Limited, in fact, showed two foreign companies \u2014 Singapore-based Globeleq and North America-based Suez Energy International \u2014 in its joint venture (JV) group, sources said.\"Nav Bharat Power Private Ltd, while applying for coal blocks in Odisha, had given the MoU between the company and Globeleq showing the turnover as Rs 2,500 crore. But the screening committee meeting had not happened. The MoU with Globeleq was reportedly valid for 90 days but it got terminated. Then (at screening stage), Nav Bharat showed Suez Energy International as its JV firm having a net worth of Rs 1 lakh crore,\" CBI sources said.In Nav Bharat's case, CBI also suspects that \"Trivikrama Prasad and Harish Chandra Prasad had applied for the blocks but they probably did not have any intention of setting up an end-user facility there\".CBI sources said that they will contact Globeleq and Suez Energy to ascertain if they had any joint venture with Nav Bharat Power, which was allocated Rampia and the dipside of the Rampia coal blocks in Odisha.The agency also claimed that the Prasad brothers sold a major stake of their company to Essar Power after getting the coal blocks and made a profit of close to Rs 200 crore, as first reported by TOI on Wednesday.CBI sources said they will call the Prasad brothers for questioning and agency teams were investigating misrepresentations done by the company, the kind of documents fudged and who all were involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16274935", "title": "AYUSH docs on statewide strike for better deal", "text": "BHOPAL: Medical service in ayurveda, yoga, unani, sidda and homoeopathy hospitals were partially affected on the first day of statewide strike of alternative medicine practitioners on Wednesday.Claiming widespread support, AYUSH doctors association state president Dr Ajay Awasti said, \"For long, Ayush doctors which include ayurveda, yoga, unani, sidda and homoeopathic practitioners have been overlooked. We would continue with the strike until the state government concedes our demands\"According to district health and medical officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla, almost all the Ayush doctors reported for work on Wednesday.The protesting Ayush doctors are demanding direct recruitment for vacant posts of Ayush medical officers, better pay and recruitment of Ayush doctors in places where allopathic doctors refuse to work.\"There are almost 1,070 vacant posts of Ayush in state government. Excluding some 600 vacant posts of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) which need to be filled,\" he added. Estimates suggest out of some 24,000 Ayush doctors in the state with barely 10% employed in government sector with some 40% unemployed.Ayush practitioners are also demanding introduction of MD courses in all government-run Ayush medical colleges. Currently, only 3 colleges in the state have a MD programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16274579", "title": "MTC bus fatally knocks down man", "text": "CHENNAI: An engineer was knocked down by an MTC bus at T Nagar on Tuesday night. Police said the victim Dinesh Kumar, 27, went to buy clothes for his wedding when the mishap took place.Police said he was to be married shortly and was employed in a private firm. When he reached T Nagar, an MTC bus knocked him from behind. Dinesh Kumar was crushed to death on the spot.His body has been sent for a post mortem to Government Kilpauk Medical College Hospital for post mortem. Pondy Bazaar traffic investigation police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16277895", "title": "Android users prime target of malware: McAfee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Software security provider McAfee has said spread of malware was the fastest in the last four years and there were 1.5 million more of such malicious software in the April-June quarter of this year.\"Unique malware samples in our 'zoo' collection number 1.5 million more this quarter than last. At this rate we will almost certainly see 100 million samples by next quarter and possibly the first 10-million-sample quarter,\" McAfee threats report said.The report added while personal computers continue to be under attack, malware writers are now transferring their skills to other popular consumer and business platforms, such as Google's Android OS.\"Attacks that we've traditionally seen PCs are now making their way to other devices,\" McAfee Labs senior vice president Vincent Weafer said.Android platform is the hardest hit as virtually all new mobile malware detected in in the second quarter of calendar year 2012 was directed at the Android platform, and was comprised of SMS-sending malware, mobile botnets , spyware and destructive Trojans , the report said.Malware or malicious software, is software used to disrupt computer operation, gather sensitive information and gain access to private computer systems.Ransomware, a type of malware, is steadily increasing quarter over quarter and has become a popular avenue for cyber criminals.\"Damage can range from loss of photos and personal files for home users to data encryption and demands for money for large enterprises. Ransomware is especially problematic as it can hold computers and data hostage, instantly damaging machines,\" the report said.Thumb drive and password-stealing malware showed significant growth in the second quarter.\"Password-stealing malware, at nearly 1.6 million new samples, collects account names and passwords, so an attacker can pose as the victim,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16275619", "title": "In suburbs they make a killing", "text": "CHENNAI: Commuters in the city's suburbs, which continue to lack proper bus connectivity , are the ones who depend on autorickshaws the most and in turn are the worst-affected . The fares are often bloated but many of them have no choice. Overloading is also a serious problem with desperate commuters having to put their safety on the line.A quick look at the Metropolitan Transport Corporation route map shows that as one travels away from the city, buses only ply on arterial roads. The interiors are served mainly by autorickshaws or share autos. MTC services cover just one-tenth of the city's 3,000km road network.R Pandian, a salesman in a private ship-building firm, leaves home at 8 each morning and walks 2km to the St Thomas Mount railway station and takes a train to work. Most of his day is spent in travelling. \"But it is my return journey that is the most frustrating ,\" he says. He takes a bus from Puraswalkam to Egmore and boards a suburban train to St Thomas Mount. As he walks out of the station, he is mobbed by auto drivers and the haggling over fares starts. As he waits, more people start coming. \"Past 10pm, there are no buses and I'm too tired to walk,\" he says. So he and four others stuff themselves into an autorickshaw paying 15 each. Sometimes, more than five people are crammed into an auto, say residents.Another suburban resident, A Khader of Kovilambakkam, finds himself in a similar spot each night. The medical representative cannot afford the 200 that auto drivers charge individually, and says \"I squeeze myself with five others.\"Auto drivers' unions defend themselves saying they provide a lifeline for residents of interior areas . \"We stay in the auto stand till the last train leaves around midnight. We are the only hope for late-night commuters,\" says N Murthy of a CITU affiliated union whose members operate outside the St Thomas Mount railway station. The only other option is to walk.Even in some areas within the city, particularly in north Chennai, commuters say they have been \"abandoned\" by the MTC and are forced to depend on auto drivers. \"The bus stop is at least 2km from my house. And no auto driver is willing to come for less than 50,\" says Pappama, a resident of Mathur near Manali.Experts say whenever a public transport service fails to provide connectivity in a developing area, auto drivers are the first to identify it. \"It's a service that they are providing. It's better than using private transport,\" says Shreya Gadepalli of the Institute of Transportation and Development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16274895", "title": "Swimming pool to get a facelift", "text": "HUBLI: The HDMC authorities have decided to give a facelift to the swimming pool in the city which had been closed for the last one year following two tragic incidents in which two boys drowned.The corporation had invited public wrath for its alleged negligence in maintaining the swimming pool and ensuring security measures. There were no divers to rescue people in case of emergency. After the two tragic incidents, HDMC cancelled the contract given to the private agency and closed the swimming pool.Now, HDMC has come out with a comprehensive plan to breathe fresh life into the swimming pool by spending Rs 15 lakh for its renovation. If everything goes well, the renovated swimming pool will be thrown open to the public by December.Since it was out of use for long, the swimming pool was in a bad shape. It was silted up in the absence of maintenance and tiles were broken. However, since the past 15 days some contractors are busy cleaning and renovating the pool. Speaking to TOI, Raja Gaonkar, a contractor said that the swimming fool was totally damaged and bushes were seen everywhere \"Our labourers are working since the past 15 days to clean the pool. It will take another three months for the completion of renovation work.\"Hubli-Dharwad water board has taken the responsibility to provide quality water. It is planning to fix latest technology to filter water in the pool. There will be two separate wings for swimmers -- the learners' wing and experts' wing -- for the safety of swimmers, Jayaram, executive engineer of the water board.M B Patil, executive engineer, HDMC said that after the renovation of the swimming pool, up-gradation work will be taken up. \"We have sufficient funds around Rs.2.9 crore in corporation, with which we will take up the works,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16273001", "title": "Gurgaon woman's email ID compromised", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have lodged a case of cyber crime against a Delhi-based individual for using e-mail ID of a woman, resident of DLF-II, and sending complaints to HUDA and DTP against her neighbor.Rita Chaudhary, the vitim, lodged a police case, when a HUDA team reached at her house seeking reason behind the complaint against her neighbor. A surprised Rita told police that her e-mail ID seems to have been hacked. The cyber crime cell is looking into the matter. The accused has been identified as one Jaipreet Bhatia, resident of Rajauri Garden, Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16273293", "title": "CREDAI seeks approval of regional plan", "text": "NASHIK: The Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI) on Wednesday met CM Prithviraj Chavan and sought approval of the Regional Plan of Nashik district at the earliest and the inclusion of rural areas in the state in its stay order on 20% reservation in the construction projects for low income groups (LIGs)A CREDAI delegation, led by Nashik president Kiran Chavan, met the CM and presented a memorandum. The CM was in Nashik to present the state-level 'Ideal Teacher Awards'.Speaking to TOI, Kiran Chavan said, \"The Nashik Division's regional plan is pending with the state since many years. Once approved, it will boost the Nashik division's development. We urged the CM to approve the plan at the earliest.\"\"The deadlock over 20% reservation for economically weaker sections (LIG) in housing projects over 2,000 sq m, which had put all residential building plans by the town planning departments since January on hold, was resolved after the state had stayed the issue in April 2012. We also received a stay order. But, the order is limited to the areas under the jurisdiction of municipal corporations and municipalities. The state has not made this directive applicable to the regional schemes (non-municipal corporations, non-municipalities areas). We urged the CM to resolve the 20% reservation issue for regional schemes too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273754", "title": "Resident doctor who attempted suicide dies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dr Naresh Jadav, a first year surgery resident doctor who attempted suicide on Friday by jumping off the third floor of the doctor's quarters, succumbed to injuries in the wee hours of Wednesday.The doctor had sustained multiple fractures and serious spine injuries. He died of multiple organ failure after battling for life for four days.The NHL Municipal Medical College and VS Hospital plunged into mourning as Dr Jadav was declared dead. The resident doctors of VS Hospital had planned to organize a besna on Wednesday evening to pay tribute to their deceased colleague but they were reportedly not granted permission.Jadav's remains were taken to his native place in Surendranagar for the final rites. His elder brother Mahesh told TOI that the administration, which announced fee hike of PG courses from Rs 2 lakh to Rs 4.5 lakh, was responsible for his brother's death.\"Once Naresh slit his wrist and jumped off the quarters, the scared authorities declared that the fee would not be hiked from mid-term. My brother would have been alive if the authorities had clarified right in the beginning that the hike will not affect students who have already been granted admission\", Mahesh said.While currently busy with the rituals, they will soon initiate a drive to make the authorities responsible pay for the death.\"Whosoever is responsible for my brother's death, should be punished\", Mahesh said.PI of Ellisbridge police station A H Chaudhary said that a case of accidental death has been registered in this connection.\"We could not record statement of Dr Naresh since he was grievously injured but during the course of his treatment, he tried to communicate to us through sign language.Prima facie, it appears that fee hike could be the reason behind his suicide. We have recorded statements of his father and brother and further investigation is on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "16274682", "title": "Ex-govt officials arrested for Patnagarh land fraud", "text": "BALANGIR: Three former officials of Patnagarh were arrested by Crime Branch sleuths on Wednesday for their alleged involvement in illegal land deals favouring an Agra-based company. Those arrested are ex-revenue inspector (RI) Basudev Patel, ex-tehsildar Gobinda Chandra Prusty and ex-sub-registrar Bikash Kujur. They had asked around 70 farmers in 11 villages under Patnagarh sub-division to give their land to the private company, Taj bio-diesel, without clearly stating that the land was meant to be given on lease or to be sold. The tehsildar had mutated the lands hastily at the behest of company officials.\"After verifying all documents seized by the Crime Branch from sub-registrar and tehsil offices, we arrested them. Their involvement in the case has been proved. Three former officials in connivance with the company officials prepared sale deeds of land without the knowledge of farmers,\" said Duryodhan Rout, SP (Crime Branch).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273511", "title": "BMC fines contractors Rs1.2cr for delay in filling potholes", "text": "MUMBAI: This monsoon, the BMC has been regularly cracking the whip on contractors in charge of pothole-filling work and has collected fines totalling Rs 1.22 crore so far. Contractors from the civic body's road department, its ward level and other related departments have been made to cough up the fine amount since June 1.Fines totalling Rs 89.8 lakh have been levied on road department contractors for not attending to potholes within 48 hours. Ward level contractors have been asked to pay Rs 27.1 lakh for shoddy work on filling up trenches as well as for potholes on minor roads that fall under the defect-and-liability period. Fines have also been levied on contractors from other related departments such as bridges, storm water drains, sewage and hydraulic engineering for poor reinstatement of roads. These departments have been made to collectively pay a penalty of Rs 5.3 lakh.Ward-wise, contractors from the western suburbs have been fined Rs 65.9 lakh while those from the eastern suburbs have been fined Rs 40.4 lakh and island city Rs 10.5 lakh.\"We are going to deduct this amount from the bills that the contractors submit for the work done by them,\" said an official from the roads department.Till date, 19,039 potholes have been reported in Mumbai, of which 16,385 have been attended to. Following heavy rains that lashed the city over the past few days, over 20% of the potholes have reappeared.Civic officials told TOI that the BMC charges contractors Rs 1,000 a day per pothole as penalty after the deadline for a particular work lapses. Contractors have been given strict instructions to fill up potholes within 24 hours on asphalt roads and 48 hours on paver-block ones. The penalty is calculated instantly, thanks to the pothole-tracking system.Citizens, though, don't think that merely collecting fines will promise them a smooth ride. \"The civic body gives them contracts worth crores and imposes a paltry penalty of Rs 1,000 per day. This is not a deterrent for contractors. The fine amount should be increased,\" said Mitali Sharma, a Goregaon resident.With Ganapati festival only two weeks away, all the BMC engineers have been asked to report to work on even Sundays and inspect all major Ganapati routes. More than 1,500 new potholes have been detected on these sensitive routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16271966", "title": "Delhi lieutenant governor Tejinder Khanna clears 895 illegal colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Wednesday issued a notification of regularization of 895 unauthorized colonies after L-G Tejendra Khanna gave his assent to the proposal. It will be tabled in the assembly on Thursday and then taken to the public domain.Nevertheless, the government will have to wait for a while before it can fulfil the regularization guidelines laid out by the Union urban development ministry. The L-G has given his assent stressing on the point that the government will fulfil all relevant criteria for regularization.The criteria include fixation of boundaries using GIS mapping, requirement of 50% built-up area till 2007 and that the colonies must not be on ASI, forest or ridge land. The L-G has also asked the municipal corporations to expedite the process of preparation of layout plans.Last week, chief minister Sheila Dikshit had announced that 917 colonies will be regularized; but only 895 have made it to the final list. The rest are undergoing fresh scrutiny.Urban development minister Arvinder Singh Lovely has directed officials to send copies of the notification to the three municipal corporations, DDA and the revenue department. \"DDA will need to see if these colonies are in R zone under Master Plan 2021. This zone is dedicated to regularized colonies and those awaiting regularization. In case they are not, then DDA will need to change their land use,\" an official said.Simultaneously, the municipal corporations will have to set the process of preparation of layout plans on the move and the revenue department will set in motion formalities required to allow sale/purchase and registry of properties in these colonies, sources said.With an eye on the 2013 assembly polls the copies of the notification will be provided to all MLAs so that they can monitor development works in their area. The urban development department is expected to notify the MLA local area development funds in these areas so that the money can be used for civic works.Meanwhile, the notification might actually become a recipe for chaos in its present avatar with many loose ends. The already active land mafia and property dealers are expected to go on an overdrive in executing illegal transactions using the regularization tag to lure hapless buyers. Illegal construction too is learnt to have taken off in many colonies on the sly ever since the news of regularization gained currency.For all the remaining colonies, including those on forest, ridge or Archaeological Survey of India land, which are disputed, the government is preparing to make changes to guidelines to deliver on the promise made by the CM and Union minister for urban development Kalam Nath last week.Earlier, the CM had cited regularization as a fulfillment of the promise made at the time of issue of provisional regularization certificates to colonies in the run-up to the 2008 assembly polls. PRCs were issued to 1,218 colonies at a function by Sonia Gandhi with a promise of regularization in 2008: a promise that was not kept.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16271830", "title": "In 24 hrs, seven chains snatched", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven chain-snatchings were reported on Wednesday in Mahim, Ghatkopar (E), Gamdevi, Govandi, Sion and Trombay in less than 24 hours, even as a senior citizen was robbed of jewellery worth Rs 95,000 in Dahisar (E) on Tuesday.Bhanuben Umraliya (64), was conned by two men at Dahisar (E) Bhanuben Umraliya (64), the complainant, told the police that the men were smooth talkers and she did not realize they were lying to her. Umraliya, 64, is a resident of Ghartanpada no. 2 at Dahisar East.The accused met Bhanuben Umraliya (64) on the road and told her their employer, a wealthy priest, had just had a baby and was giving away expensive clothes. They asked her to take her ornaments off so she could appear poor and get gifts.The accused then took Umraliya's four gold bangles and earrings, collectively worth Rs 95,000, and vanished She was walking down the SN Dube Road around 4.45 pm when the accused approached her. They told her that their employer was a wealthy priest who had had a newborn and was giving away expensive clothes to people as gifts. Umraliya was convinced.The men then asked her to take off her ornaments so that she would look like she hailed from a financially poor background and get maximum gifts from the priest. Umraliya took off her four gold bangles and two earrings, collectively worth Rs 95000.The men offered to hold her ornaments in safe custody till she collected her gifts. They had vanished by the time Umraliya realized that she had been conned,\" senior inspector Ansar Pirzade said.The Dahisar police has lodged a case of cheating and are looking for the men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16275521", "title": "\u2018Clear illegal Amanishah constructions in 3 weeks\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: Decades-old encroachments in the Amanishah Nullah, a dry river bed running through Jaipur, will have to go before this month ends. In a stern order passed on Wednesday, the Rajasthan high court has directed the state government to remove the illegal constructions and submit a compliance report to it within next three weeks. The court's interim order is set to affect at least 3,000 constructions, as the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has admitted to that many intrusions into the nullah's catchment area. The JDA said in court that it has already removed 11 encroachments and issued notices to 40 persons in a stretch of 9.5km of the dry river basin. EVICTION DRIVEHC forms panel to aid civic bodyJaipur: The Amanisha Nullah's zigzag course through the city is about 49km long. It houses the city's maximum number of illegal residential colonies that, being in low-lying areas, were the worst affected by torrential rain over the past fortnight. Residents of these areas had to be shifted to temporary relief camps. JDA seems to mean business this time as it has sought the court's permission to convert the electricity connections of the illegal building into temporary ones so that commercial tariffs could be charged from their owners. The division bench of Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice N K Jain promptly granted the permission.To aid and advice the JDA in the task, the court has constituted a nodal committee under the state chief secretary. The committee would include district collector, police commissioner , JMC CEO, Jaipur Discom's CMD, Rajasthan housing board commissioner.The menace of encroachments in the dry river basin was brought before the high court through a PIL by a resident , P N Mandola. The petitioner's counsel Poonam Chand Bhandari said the nullah's entire course was dotted with encroachers, many of whom were even influential officials , politicians and property dealers. As the division bench wanted to know an estimated number of encroachers, JDA counsel R N Mathur put the figure at around 3,000. He also informed court that in the catchment area there were occupants whom the JDA consi- dered encroachers , but they possessed government documents establishing their land-title rights (Khatedari rights). The land revenue settlement department was being consulted to find out how these people got the rights in water body's basin. \"During the 1981 floods in Jaipur, the river changed its course slightly and began to flow through the farmlands,\" Mathur said. The court, however, directed the JDA to act against even those who had Khatedari rights in the nullah's catchment area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16274949", "title": "Dress food well to wean kids from junk food: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: Listen to health experts, if you want to wean your child from junk food. Experts say one way can be to make food colourful with natural ingredient for healthy living.Saying that junk food contains harmful additives, therapists, child psychologists to nutritionists suggest go for foods with natural pigments.Foods made by inclusion of natural colours found in the plant kingdom are laden with bio-active compounds. Simply put, these health giving compounds provide protection against many of dreadful diseases like cardiovascular ailments, cancers. \"Not only do these natural foods protect from diseases and they also boost immunity,\" said Dr Rajiv Singh.Experts recommend it is better to consume seasonal foods. \"There are some great ways to add colour to make meals interesting for children. Not only is it nutritious, it is attractive too,\" said dietician Amita Singh.Colours have different properties. Some of the most colourful eatables like tomatoes, carrots, corn and capsicum are rich in vitamin A with anti-oxidants that prevent cancer and other diseases. Orange and yellow coloured foods have similar properties.The idea is to wean children away from junk food, which are packaged to attract children. \"Making food fun for children is one of the most researched areas in food science,\" she added.One can make food attractive by chopping uniformly, which also speeds up cooking time. \"A diamond shaped carrot, flowery cucumber or sandwiches in form of smiling character are methods recommended to improve eating habits of children,\" said psychologist Dr Vinay Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16277802", "title": "Snatchings, thefts on despite police nakas in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though Chandigarh police claimed to set-up up to 80 nakas everyday to curb the incidents of snatchings and thefts in the city but there has been no relief to the local residents and outsiders.On late Wednesday, incidents of gold chain snatching and theft of two gold chains were reported from different parts of the city.Asha Devi, a resident of sector 45, alleged that that an unknown motor-cycle borne youth sped away after snatching her gold chain in the market of sector 46. However, she could not note down the registration number of the bike as it was dark.Police have registered a case and started their probe.In another case of late Wednesday, Saroj Bala, a resident of Haryana's Kurukshetra district, filed a police complaint regarding stealing of her bag, containing two gold chains, from a bus-stop in sector 12.\"Saroj was waiting for a bus and someone stealthily stole her bag. We have registered a case and recording the statements of other persons present at the spot, when this incident happened. We have also got some clues and very soon the accused would be arrested,\" said a police official here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273164", "title": "MNS men held for vandalizing Boisar theatre", "text": "Mumbai: Following in the footsteps of their leader Raj Thackeray, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) activists of Thane rural disrupted the screening of a Bhojpuri film at a cinema hall in Boisar on Tuesday night. Cinemagoers also had to bear the brunt of the mob.The 500-seater single screen Chitralaya theatre located in the Boisar main market area was screening the film \" Ek Bihari, Sau Pe Bhaari\". Around 200 cinema lovers, including a few women were watching the 6-9 pm show when a mob of MNS activists led by Thane rural district President Kundan Sankhe barged into the theatre at around 7.30 pm. The mob first tore the film posters put up outside and inside the theatre premises. They then barged into the cinema hall and manhandled the ushers and began shouting slogans inside the theatre.The mob then charged towards the viewers, mostly men and began manhandling them.The viewers, mostly from north India were shocked to find the MNS men targeting them. The viewers were warned to leave the theatre. Some were slapped and pushed for choosing to watch the Bhojpuri film. The cinema hall was filled with slogans against screening of a Bhojpuri film. The mob went about vandalizing the chairs and did not spare the food stalls as well.Even as the patrons ran towards the exit of the cinema hall, many left behind their personal belongings and shoes.The mob then threatened the theatre manager to shut down the cinema hall. The theatre management informed the Boisar police but the mob had left by then.The police on Wednesday arrested seven persons including Sankhe on charges of rioting, said Ramdas Shinde, Deputy Superintendent of Police (DySP),Palghar Circle. They were later released on bail by the Palghar Sessions court.The theatre has a contract with the distributor to screen the movie for a month. The management had begun screening the movie since the past four days to cater to the sizable north Indian population in Boisar. MNS activists said that they had warned the theatre management to discontinue screeing the film as it was found to be raunchy. The theatre remained shut on Wednesday amidst police bandobast outside the theatre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16273038", "title": "NMC negligence leads to Gorewada lake overflow", "text": "NAGPUR: The Gorewada lake began to overflow since 3.30 am on Wednesday following incessant rainfall in its catchment. It has come to fore, however, that overflow could have been prevented if Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) had been more vigilant in monitoring the water level. NMC also missed the chance of saving the raw water and power expenses.Gorewada lake is a major drinking water source of the NMC. The lake is utilized as reservoir. The water coming into the lake from its three natural streams accounts for only a fraction. NMC releases around 500 million liters per day (MLD) water from Pench reservoir into the lake. Then it pumps out around 430 MLD water and treats it at four plants adjacent to the lake to supply to the city. The maximum water level in the lake is 315.65 metres. The four gates of the lake open if the water level reaches this level.A senior NMC official told TOI that the NMC monitors the level every day to prevent any untoward situation including overflow. \"NMC reduces the quantum of water released into the lake when level increases above 315 metres. NMC managed to prevent overflow for many years. The lake had last overflowed 5-6 years ago due to very heavy rainfall. The Ambazari lakes overflows every year but Gorewada does not. This year in spite of heavy rains, Ambazari lake is yet to overflow but Gorewada has,\" he said implying the either the monitoring or the follow up action was missing.Sources told TOI that the water level in the lake started to increase four days ago following heavy rainfall. \"Release of water into the lake should have been reduced or totally stopped looking at the weather forecast. However, NMC stopped the releaseonly at around 5 pm on Tuesday. The water coming from the four natural streams following heavy rainfall continued to push up the level up to 315.80 meter. This led to three of the four gates opening at around 3.30 am. The water started to gush into Pilli river. NMC could have prevented this by being more alert. Water released into the lake each day accounts for a 3 metre rise in level,\" the officer said.The official further said that the NMC incurred a monetary loss apart from threat to citizens living along Pilli river. \"NMC pumps water from Mahadula to bring it into the lake. Besides, water is purchased from water resources department ( WRD). NMC could have saved on raw water and power expenses for at least 7 days by being more alert,\" he said. Chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle and executive engineer (water works) Shashikant Hastak were not available for comments despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16273141", "title": "Maruti plant violence: Court rejects bail plea of accused", "text": "GURGAON: A city court on Wednesday rejected the interim bail plea of an accused in the July 18 violence at Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant. The court will hear the bail plea of another two accused on Saturday.The court also ordered medical examination of 13 accused including Jiyalal, the prime accused, and someof the union leaders soon. \"The court has sought the conducting of their medical examination in the presence of the workers' counsel and directed the civil surgeon to fix a date for medical examination,\" said Rajendra Pathak, the workers' lawyer.Pathak has applied for three interim bail applications in the court. During the hearing regarding an accused, Kanwarjeet, Pathak requested that the accused wants to appear for a recruitment exam of the Indo Tibetan Border Police ( ITBP) in Sonipat. Police, however, opposed the plea, saying the accused might escape as the exam is to take place along with the physical test. The court then rejected the bail plea of Kanwarjeet.\"The medical examination report will establish that the police tortured the accused during interrogation,\" alleged Pathak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16273841", "title": "Danger: Goa's roads ahead", "text": "PANAJI: Huge potholes which have developed on the Candolim-Calangute road near the Shantadurga temple at Ximer are subjecting motorists to bumpy rides. Questions are being raised since the road at that particular stretch had been re-laid soon after the BJP came to power a few months ago. It was the first public initiative by the new BJP MLA from Calangute, Michael Lobo.When contacted, Lobo called the issue \"just teething problems\". \"That road stretch had to get spoilt because it was not hotmixed,\" he told TOI. \"We have raised the road by 80cm because that spot always used to get flooded. A layer of rubble has been put, and after the rubble they put tar. The road has to settle before we put the hotmix layer. If we'd put hotmix before it settled down, it would have gone down,\" he explained. He claimed that because the level of the road had been raised, \"the waterlogging has stopped\".Motorists who use the road regularly, however, claim that the road now is worse than what it was before. But Calangute panchayat member Joseph Sequeira counters this argument. \"All these years water used to gather there and people used to meet with accidents, which is why the first thing we did after the new government came to power was to do this work. People always want everything intact, but you look at other new roads like the Agasaim bypass. A new road has to settle down. The hotmix will be done after the monsoon,\" Sequeira said.Allaying fears that a fresh tender will be issued to complete the hotmixing, Lobo said, \"The hotmix after the monsoon is part of the same tender. The same contractor will finish the work. The question of spending more money does not arise.\"According to him the total cost of the road work is Rs 15 lakh. He added that in addition to the road, the contract also stipulates building of a water drain under the road which will connect to the existing drains to ensure no water accumulates there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16274037", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee may open Harnaut factory", "text": "PATNA: President Pranab Mukherjee is likely to inaugurate the coach maintenance workshop at Harnaut in Nalanda, the home district of CM Nitish Kumar , on October 3. Though the President's programme is yet to reach the East Central Railway (ECR) headquarters, Hajipur, railways has started preparation for the inaugural function at Harnaut.Incidentally, it would be the first major project of railways in Bihar which would be formally inaugurated by the President. Former President A P J Abdul Kalam had laid the foundation of the workshop on June 30, 2003.This project has taken about nine years to get going. The railways has started trial periodical overhauling (POH) work of coach maintenance at the workshop.Two bogies are undergoing trial maintenance there at present, a senior ECR official said.According to an ECR official, railways has been handed over the charge of sheet metal shop, bogie repair shop, wheel axle shop, bogie repair shop and administrative block (IT section) of the workshop.At present, railways has been carrying out signalling work on the entire route from Bakhtiarpur to Harnaut workshop. Track linking work up to the workshop is almost complete on Patna-Bakhtiarpur mainline and Rajgir-Bakhtiarpur routes, he said.Sources said the railways has also completed road cum drainage system at the workshop. Carriage repair shop has been set up with rare equipment to cater to the needs of coaches, including LHB German coaches.The ECR, which has been sending coaches outside the state for periodical overhauling, will thus get the OH work done at Harnaut. Its present capacity for POH is about 50 coaches per month, which is likely to be augmented up to 100 coaches per month, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16275509", "title": "Class 10 boy suspended over Facebook post", "text": "CHENNAI: At a time when even newborns have Facebook pages, a photograph published on the popular social networking site has landed a Class 10 student of a private school in KK Nagar in trouble.The boy, who reportedly published a photograph of his classmates and himself inside the classroom, was suspended by the management, his parents told police on Wednesday. They said a \"disciplinary committee teacher\" of the school humiliated the boy in front of his classmates and that the management informed other students of the suspension through a circular. No written order on the suspension was served, they complained.The boy's parents, who lodged a complaint at the police commissioner's office, sought action against the school management alleging that 30 other students of the school were also members of Facebook but no action had been initiated against them.It all began on August 28 when the boy's mother went to the school to question a teacher who reportedly used vulgar words against her son. On August 30, the management told the boy not to come to the school for the next ten days.The boy's mother again approached the management and was told that disciplinary action initiated against the boy for publishing photographs of some of his classmates and himself in class.\"We received a circular asking students not bring cell phones inside the classrooms in August. But this picture was taken in April,\" said the boy's mother who did not want to be named.\"I approached the school to complain about the teacher but the issue turned against us. They told us that two other students were placed under suspension,\" she said.\"My son was shattered when he came to know that his suspension was conveyed to other students through a circular,\" she said.TOI tried to contact the school management staff but they were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273665", "title": "Legal cover for elephant corridors soon: Jayanthi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan told the National Board of Wildlife meeting on Wednesday that a committee had been set up to review the eco-tourism guidelines. She also announced that the government would amend the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972 to provide legal cover to elephant corridors and look at covering other wildlife corridors which remain only as scientific concepts at the moment.In what turned out to be a relatively mute affair compared to the excitement generated by moves of the non-official wildlife experts in the run-up to the meeting, Natarajan noted that several of the agenda issues - eco-tourism, safeguarding lions and the introduction of cheetah -- were sub-judice and the government could not give any commitments at the meeting.She also pointed out that in her tenure, the ministry had approved 18 of the projects that had gone before the standing committee of NBWL and committed to work closely with the ex-official members in future.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said, \"The increase in the number of protected areas carved out from forest areas identified as potentially rich wildlife habitats is a welcome step. But we have the responsibility to safeguard the livelihoods of local communities dependent on forest resources.\"Several non-official members had run parleys over several days in an attempt to raise concern about alleged violations by the ministry, as well as other contentious issues like tribal rights. They had discussed writing a letter to the PM against the functioning of the ministry which could be used later against the government in the apex court.Conservationist Valmik Thapar, who had got the eco-tourism issue put on the NBWL agenda, noted that he was only concerned about the process by which guidelines were dealt with. He did not reflect his strong, publicly held views at the meeting that lasted a bit over an one-and-a-half hour though some others did make comments including Karan Singh on the chaos caused by tourism in Corbett.The letter in work by the non-official members against the ministry too did not materialize and neither did members raise concerns about tribal rights as they had earlier suggested.Natarajan said the eco-tourism committee would hear all stakeholders before taking a decision on the issue and presenting its report to the Supreme Court. The PM also referred to the tourism issue indirectly and said, \"Proper utilization of natural resources by promotion and adoption of non-invasive livelihood options can go a long way in supporting socio-economic development of our forest dependent communities, including tribal populations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16274625", "title": "Railways told to reimburse employee\u2019s medical bills", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Administrative Tribunal has asked the Southern railways to reimburse the medical bills of an employee with a heart condition. The man was denied medical reimbursement on the ground that he had taken treatment at a private hospital and not at the railway hospital. The tribunal has asked the railways to reimburse Rs 2 lakh to the employee.In November 2008, M Mohamed Salia, deputy chief engineer at southern railway, experienced discomfort while returning home and had difficulty in breathing. He was rushed to the nearest private hospital - Frontier Lifeline Hospital - since the railway hospital was 10km away from his house.He was diagnosed with a heart attack and was admitted in the intensive care unit. He underwent a bypass surgery on December 4, 2008 and had to stay in the hospital till December 12, 2008. The hospital charged him Rs 3.1 lakh towards medicines, tests etc.When Salia submitted a claim for reimbursement of Rs 2 lakh, the Southern Railway returned the application saying the claim was not qualified. Salia then furnished a certificate from the private hospital, which too was rejected without any reason being assigned. He then approached the Madras bench of the CAT seeking appropriate orders.Justifying the rejection, the Southern Railway told CAT that Salia had gone to a private hospital on his own volition and not on a referral basis. Noting that the Perambur railway hospital was a referral hospital for all cardiac problems, he could go to an hospital only if the treatment is not available at the railway facility or at a recognized private hospitals.Rejecting the arguments, the CAT's judicial member G Shanthappa said the application had been rejected without even taking into account the emergency certificate furnished by Salia. He further pointed out that though the Railway Board norms stipulate that such claims could be rejected only by a speaking order (an order narrating reasons), Salia's application was rejected in a brief order, that too when his claim was not a false one.Noting that Salia's wife rushed him to the nearest private hospital, even though it was not a recognized private hospital by the railway administration, due to emergency, Shanthappa said the southern railway was not justified in rejecting the claim. He then asked Salia to re-present the claim within 15 days, and directed the southern railway to reimburse Rs 2 lakh within one month from the date of receipt of the claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16274592", "title": "12 hospital staff suspended after surprise inspections", "text": "CHENNAI: Twelve employees of various government hospitals in the city have been suspended in the last two weeks during surprise inspections by health minister Dr VS Vijay.The minister began the checks two days after the body of a 12-day-old child was mauled by a rodent at the Kasturba Gandhi Hospital for Women and Children in Triplicane.Senior doctors, however, say suspensions are not the solution. \"On most occasions, they are paid holidays because at the end of the inquiry most are found \"not guilty\" and get their full salary back. Very few people have been affected, lost salaries, increments and promotions,\" said a senior doctor.At the Triplicane hospital, resident medical officer Dr Ramesh and paediatrician Dr Parthiban were suspended along with seven other nursing and paramedical staff. Two days later, Dr Vijay visited the Government General Hospital and directed suspension of the health inspector as the chorine content in the water was inadequate.The following day, a store keeper in the Institute of Child Health was suspended for not condemning hundreds of used tubelights. The director was also asked to issue a memo to an orthopaedic surgeon. On Tuesday, at the Government Royapettah Hospital, the minister suspended the sergeant in-charge of supervising cleanliness and issued memos to two senior healthcare staff who were unable to offer credible explanations for lapses in their work.The minister has told hospital administrators that suspensions will continue. \"Hygiene and cleanliness are usually not associated with government hospitals. I planned my visits to see how things were working. I ordered suspensions because I found many people negligent. If raids and suspensions make hospitals better, they will continue,\" said Vijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16274989", "title": "Online mgmt quota admissions from September 12", "text": "HYDERABAD: The higher education department on Wednesday announced the schedule for admissions under the management quota in private engineering colleges in the state. The admissions to be done through the website http:// apsche.cgg.gov.in will commence from September 12 with students submitting their applications and end on October 20 with colleges submitting the list of admitted candidates. Private engineering colleges will have to put up their details on the web portal by September 11. As per the instructions released by the AP State Council of Higher Education (APSCHE) here on Wednesday , the colleges should furnish details including address , contact numbers, email address and bank account number other than the details of total number of seats available for students who want to take admission in the B category (management quota) and also NRI quota. The students will be allowed to submit their online application forms once the colleges update the details on the website. The registration fee will be transferred to the respective college bank accounts . The payment records will also be placed on the websites of the colleges. Colleges will, however, be able to prepare their own merit list as per the provisions of GO Ms 66 and 67. The queries and complaints of students will be displayed on the queries menu to make the system transparent. The colleges should prepare merit list for four category of candidates including NRIs, students with AIEEE ranks, those with Eamcet ranks and those on the basis of marks in the qualifying examination (eg: intermediate marks). For the convenience of the students, the list of all colleges will be available under 'colleges menu' on the website. Payment options for students include net banking or manual payment through AP Online centres . The application process is quite different from the method of admissions followed till this year, college managements said. By introducing online payment methods, the state government has reduced the possibility of managements taking capitation fee. \"The admission process will be overseen by APSCHE,\" said an official here on Wednesday. College managements, however, said that the government has not given them enough time to upload course details on the website and hence counseling dates should be extended.DATES TO REMEMBERCommencement of online application: September 12 Closing date of submission of application: September 22 Uploading the merit list by colleges: September 24 Validation of merit list by APSCHE: September 28 Last date for the candidates to report to the college: October 1 Uploading second merit list to fill unfilled seats: October 3 Display of validated second list: October 5 Last date for the submission of final admission list: October 20", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16274531", "title": "Nine dams in district full", "text": "PUNE: With three days of continuous rainfall in the dam catchment areas of Pune district, water storage in the reservoirs has risen substantially.The district has about 25 dams, of which nine are filled to capacity and three have water storage of above 90%, as per the latest statistics of the state irrigation department.Kalmodi, Chaskaman, Andra, Vadivle, Gunjawani, Nira-Devghar, Kasarsai, Mulshi and Bhama Askhed are full, whereas Bhor-Bhatghar and Pavana dams have 93% of water each. Panshet is 90.57% full.According to irrigation department officials, these dams fulfill the drinking water and agricultural requirements of Pune district.On Wednesday, the irrigation department released water from eight dams. 5,107 cusecs of water was released from Nira Devghar, 4,717 cusecs of water was released from Bhama Askhed and 3,306 cusecs of water was released from Chaskaman. This will continue for the next couple of days, said officials.Of all the dams, Pavana has registered the highest rainfall of 3,060 mm since June, followed by Mulshi (2,382 mm) and Vadivle (2,305 mm). Three dams in the district, however, still do not have live water storage. Ghod, Nazare and Ujani have only received 79 mm, 178 mm and 201 mm rainfall respectively since June.The collective water storage in the four dams that supply water to Pune swelled to 24.39 TMC (83.67% of total live water storage capacity) on Wednesday evening. Panshet has 90.57% water storage, Varasgaon has 84.91%, Temghar has 76.77% and Khadakwasla has 51.35%. Officials said that on Wednesday 1,356 cusecs of water was released in the Mutha right bank canal for Pune city and smaller towns like Indapur and Daund.If rain in the catchment areas continues over the next two days it should be enough to fill all four dams, said irrigation officials.Of the 25 dams in Bhima river sub-basin, eight fall under the Ghod sub-basin, six under the Mutha sub-basin and five are part of the Nira basin.Water released from Mulshi: The traffic police on Wednesday issued an alert asking citizens to avoid using the river route as well as remove all vehicles from near the water's edge after the irrigation department released 1,000 cusecs of water from Mulshi dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16273210", "title": "Noida shuts on tabling of quota bill", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the UPA government tabled the bill for quotas in promotions for SC/STs in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday, widespread protests against the move were witnessed in Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad.Hundreds of government employees, barring those engaged in emergency duties, observed a day-long strike against the Union government's move affecting official works in the areas.More than 800 employees of Noida Authority locked the gates of their office in Sector 6 and raised slogans against the central government. Another 500 employees of the PWD, irrigation department, Jal Nigam and power corporation stayed away from work in Noida and Ghaziabad.At 9.30am, wearing black bands and shouting slogans, the protestors locked out all employees of Noida Authority. A similar scenario was witnessed at the Sector 58 office of Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited.Under the banner of Sarvjan Hitai Sanrakshan Samiti (SHSS), protestors belonging to the general and backward category slammed the Centre for playing politics with their future. \"Introducing the bill is injustice being done with senior employees. Those working since past 20-25 years on a post remain where they are and newcomers belonging to SC/ST get promoted. We demand that the Centre revoke this bill that will only create divide amongst employees,\" said Kushalpal Singh, president, Noida Employees' Association (NEA).Supporters said that they would not rest till their demands were met. \"Reservation in promotion is an attempt to disturb the basic structure of the Constitution and encroaching on the right to equality,\" said Kushalpal. \"This is the beginning of our fight against the move and we will not shy away from moving court too,\" said AK Singh, executive engineer, UPPCL.The protestors held several rounds of meetings and said that they will soon announce their future course of action. While the employees of the power corporation, irrigation department, Jal Nigan and PWD will remain on strike on Thursday, Noida Authority employees have decided to send in a mass resignation to the Prime Minister.\"If the government does not hear our plea, then we'll be forced to take our protest to the streets,\" said DK Jain, convenor for SHSS, Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad. \"The government needs to work out a solution acceptable to all sections,\" said Ashok Sharma, general secretary of NEA.However, Bimla Devi, president, Noida SC/ST welfare association, said that nearly 200 employees supporting quota in promotions were ready to work for an extra four hours not only to compensate for the loss due to strike call by the rivals but to express their satisfaction over the Union government's move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16274074", "title": "Untrained workers cause accidents in cracker units", "text": "THRISSUR: Blame it on the Malayalis' penchant for high decibel firecracker displays during festivals and celebrations, 294 people, including 30 women, have lost their lives in various minor and major firecracker accidents in the state since 2006. And hundreds have been left maimed. Even though the number of accidents in this connection has been going up year after year, the authorities haven't taken any significant action against the culprits or taken steps to bring down the number of accidents.\"There have been 296 accidents in the state since 2006, and 201 of them have been explosions during manufacturing. In all, 294 people have lost their lives in these accidents.Magisterial inquiries were declared to find out the reasons for the accidents at firecracker units. However, either the inquiries were delayed due to procedural complications or no action was taken against the culprits,\" said V K Venkitachalam, secretary of Thrissur-based Public Interest Forum that fights for strict implementation of rules related to use of explosives and conduct of safe firework display. Although firecracker accidents have been reported from all districts, Thrissur, Ernakulam, Palakkad and Alappuzha lead the chart in number of accidents. Major cracker-manufacturing centres in the state are in these districts.The main reason for the number of accidents going up is the excessive demand from the public for firecracker display, said Thrissur district collector P M Francis. \"Organizers flout rules on using explosives. Moreover, the cracker manufacturing field in Kerala does not have a professional approach and lack scientific background. The extensive use of banned chemicals, including potassium nitrate, and careless handling of these chemicals increase the chances of accidents,\" he said. He has conducted various magisterial inquiries related to firecracker accidents.Officials who have carried out inquiries also pointed out that people employed in the industry were unskilled workers. \"None have scientific knowledge. They learn by watching elders at work. Due to shortage of manufacturers, those in the business are tempted to accept extra workload and maintain huge stocks of explosives and chemicals with just one licence or even without a licence,\" said a senior officer.Lack of cooperation from the public and the workload on district magistrates are also reasons for inquiries being delayed. \"District magistrates have their hands full, and judicial inquiry and submitting of reports are an additional burden. No special investigation teams are formed in most cases and conducting inquiry and submitting reportsbecomes the sole responsibility of district magistrates,\" said Thrissur ADM PK Jayasree.Thrissur: Blame it on the Malayalis' penchant for high decibel firecracker displays during festivals and celebrations, 294 people, including 30 women, have lost their lives in various minor and major firecracker accidents in the state since 2006. And hundreds have been left maimed.Even though the number of accidents in this connection has been going up year after year, the authorities haven't taken any significant action against the culprits or taken steps to bring down the number of accidents.\"There have been 296 accidents in the state since 2006, and 201 of them have been explosions during manufacturing. In all, 294 people have lost their lives in these accidents. Magisterial inquiries were declared to find out the reasons for the accidents at firecracker units. However, either the inquiries were delayed due to procedural complications or no action was taken against the culprits behind the accidents,\" said V K Venkitachalam, secretary of Thrissur-based Public Interest Forum that fights for strict implementation of the rules related to use of explosives and conduct of safe firework display.Although firecracker accidents have been reported from all districts, Thrissur, Ernakulam, Palakkad and Alappuzha lead the chart in number of accidents. The reason being that major cracker-manufacturing centres in the state are in these districts.The main reason for the number of accidents going up is the excessive demand from the public for firecracker display, said Thrissur district collector P M Francis.\"Organizers flout rules on using explosives. Moreover, the cracker manufacturing field in Kerala does not have a professional approach and lack scientific background. The extensive use of banned chemicals, including potassium nitrate, and careless handling of these chemicals increase the chances of accidents,\" he said. He has conducted various magisterial inquiries related to firecracker accidents.Officials who have carried out inquiries also pointed out that people employed in the industry were unskilled workers. \"None in field has scientific knowledge. They learn by watching elders at work. Also, due to shortage of manufacturers, those in the business are tempted accept extra workload and maintain huge stocks of explosives and chemicals with just one licence or even without a licence,\" said a senior officer.The lack of cooperation from the public and the workload on district magistrates are also reasons for the inquiries being delayed, the officials said.\"Already district magistrates have their hands full, and judicial inquiry and submitting of reports are an additional burden. No special investigation teams are formed in most of these cases and conducting inquiry and submitting reports become the sole responsibility of district magistrates,\" said Thrissur additional district magistrate (ADM) PK Jayasree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16273021", "title": "Pushkar lake brims with life after recent rain", "text": "AJMER: The recent heavy rain has gifted a fresh lease of life to Pushkar lake, which has both the locals and the tourists spell-bound.For the first time in many years, the lake is filled with water, which is also flowing to the surrounding ghats. Presently, the water level in the lake is 19 feet and the ghats make a beautiful sight. It is also for the first time that the water level has been recorded to be as high after the lake underwent a complete renovation four years ago.\"I don't remember the last time its water touched the steps of the ghats. Apart from the tourists, even the locals are thronging the lake because most have never seen the lake like it is now,'' said Shravan Parasar, secretary of the Pushkar Purohit Association.Parasar said that the locals in particular are delighted to see the lake water gushing on to the ghat steps. After heavy rain in the region in the past three days, the water is flowing from nearby Savitri and Nag hills towards lake.The town itself and the surrounding hills have also become green, adding to the rain impact. Happy about it, the locals are already anticipating and preparing for heavy rush in the forthcoming tourist season, which is at its peak during the cattle fair.Foreign tourists have already started coming to the city and more are expected by the end of this month. \"Presently, there are nearly 5,000 tourists in Pushkar, mainly from Israel, followed by Italy, France and Britain and they enjoy spending time at the lake,'' said Kishan Sharma, owner of a restaurant located opposite Gau Ghat.The district administration received a budget of Rs 110 crore from Central government under national conservation project in which it planned beautification and managing feeders of the lake. Till now, Rs 41 crore has been spent on renovation, of which Rs 33.46 crore was allotted by the Centre and the remaining by the state. The district administration has now finalised a plan of Rs 26 lakh for its beautification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16274620", "title": "Cancel quarrying licences: Farmers", "text": "MADURAI: Even as emotionally-charged PRP workers were dispersing from the collectorate, farmers and villagers from Thiruchunai panchayat submitted a petition to the district administration to cancel the quarry licences issued in the village, stating that more than 20,000 acres of agricultural land would be lost due to granite quarrying. Led by K Balakrishnan, CPM MLA of Chidambaram constituency, they submitted the petition to the district administration in this regard.Addressing media persons, Balakrishnan said the government should consider the untold miseries suffered by farmers due to quarrying operations in the district as many water bodies and farmlands were destroyed by quarry owners. \"The state government should consider the agricultural loss due to quarrying and compensate farmers,\" he stressed.The villagers from Thiruchuani said the mines department had given licences for granite quarrying in Mullamalai hillock, which is spread across 300 acres. With the licences issued for the next 20 years, the entire farmland of around 20,000 acres will go waste as more than 20 big tanks irrigating these lands will go dry over the period. \"The tanks are fed by rainwater from the hillock and once the hillock is destroyed, agriculture in the region will be lost,\" N Palanisamy, president of the Tamil Nadu Sugarcane Farmers Association pointed out. Some of the villagers from Keelavalavu and Keelaiyur who were present also told media persons how the quarry operators snatched away their farmlands for paltry sums. \"After quarrying was started, the brokers threatened to part with our lands. Unable to withstand them, we sold of our lands,\" said P Amaravathy who lost her 2.5-acre farmland in this manner.Palanisamy also alleged that the granite licence was obtained illegally as mines tahsildar C Venkatasubbu himself had taken the licence in the name of Solairajan, a benami account. \"He obtained licences in this manner for four quarries and leased them to PRP. The government should investigate his involvement and cancel the licences to safeguard the interests of farmers and people in the villages surrounding Mullamalai hillock in Thiruchunai,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273940", "title": "14 youth joined militant groups this year in J&K;: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government told Rajya Sabha on Wednesday that 14 youths from the Valley had joined militant groups this year. Five of these have joined Hizbul Mujahideen while nine joined LeT.Replying to a question on whether Kashmiri youth were joining militant ranks, minister of state for home Jitendra Singh told Rajya Sabha in written reply, \"Reports received from central agencies indicate that some Kashmiri youth have joined militancy. During the year 2012, only 14 youths from the Valley have reportedly joined militant groups.\"The government further said it was making all efforts to stop this even as it had found that the youths had joined outfits such as Hizbul Mujahideen and LeT.The minister said in his reply, \"The government has adopted various counter terrorist methods to neutralize the efforts and capabilities of militants and to watch the activities of those supporting such groups. The government has also encouraged policies to mainstream the youth and discourage them from joining militancy.\"The Valley in the past decade had seen a let up in terror violence with local youth staying away from militant groups as a result of a host factors that included security operations and the fatigue of the Valley as a whole with incessant militant activity.However, recent years have seen violent public uprising and protests against alleged human rights violations by the armed forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10265574", "title": "Small spaces too can look stylish", "text": "Actress Chhavi Mittal Hussein and director Mohit Hussein's house has been designed, keeping practicality in mind, finds Purnima Goswami SharmaActress Chhavi Mittal Hussein and director Mohit Hussein have been living in their two bedroom hall apartment, in Goregaon west, for two years and they consider their flat to be very lucky. \"We are very happy to be living here, as it is not that crowded and is easier to commute, for shooting in the suburbs. Moreover, we have lovely malls nearby, in Malad, where we can shop,\" says Chhavi.All the furniture in the house has been custom-made. As one enters the house, there is a neat shoe rack, with an aquarium fitted on a sliding shelf above it, near the entrance. The small shelf has knick-knacks made of earth, wood, silver, iron, glass and various other materials.The living room has white sofas, sheer curtains and white chairs. The space also has a lamp made of old walnut wood from Kashmir. A small dining table with a bench and a chair, occupies minimum space. Near the dining area is a digital photo frame. The couple have used halogen lights in the house and have completely done away with tubes lights. The soothing yellow lights make the home look warm and cosy. A balcony, adjacent to the living room, has bamboo benches for seating. The apartment receives ample breeze and there are many wind chimes hanging in the balcony, which give a soothing and relaxing sound.\"Designing the bar was not easy. Chhavi had a specific design in mind, with shutters that slide in. It was quite a task, to get this design executed,\" laughs Mohit who is a well-known television and film director. Even the bar stools were specially designed, with the legs remaining static and only the upper part being movable. The living room has Buddha statues of various shapes and in different materials. The entire space below the passage's ceiling, has been used for storage. The passage also has a book shelf, on one of the walls.The guest room has a sofacum-bed and a folding table, so that the furniture occupies less space. The shelves also have a folding iron board and the loft in the room, is also used for storage purposes. The room also has lovely photos of the couple. The master bedroom is simply spacious and relaxing and has an attached bathroom.The bathroom wall has been used to create a walk-in closet. The bedroom is elegant and has a huge blow-up picture of the couple and also a work station. Functional areas have been separated effectively, by using glass partitions in the closet and bathroom. \"We have designed the partitions such that even if one of us is sleeping, the other person is not disturbed,\" says Chhavi, who has acted in movies like Ek Vivah Aisa Bhi and has done serials like Ek Chutki Aasmaan, Tumahri Disha, Virasat and Nagin . The glass has fabric inside, which makes it rather unusual. The room also has lovely made-to-order fibre lamps. A delicate, floral design wallpaper gives the room a rich appearance.Chhavi keeps camphor burning in her house, at all times. She believes that it not only keeps the house fragrant but also gives positive vibes. Chhavi and Mohit Hussein's home is a good example of clever space management, which is aesthetic and sensibly designed, at the same time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16273854", "title": "Anti-quota protests paralyse govt offices in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nearly 18 lakh government employees and officials of the Uttar Pradesh boycotted work on Wednesday as a mark of protest against the Bill aimed at providing reservation in promotion to Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. Toeing the line followed by the ruling Samajwadi Party, UP government employees, under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti (SHSS) shunned work, paralysing work in several government departments.Among the worst affected departments were offices of the PWD and Rajkiya Nirman Nigam, which remained shut for the entire day. Work in the secretariat offices, and UP's Cooperative Sugar Mills Federation also remained affected, with most of the section offices wearing an empty look during the afternoon hours. Though personal staff of senior secretariat officials was unable to remain off duty, most employees said they were participating in the agitation, in spirit.Employees unions of the state government also said they would continue their agitation and strike work for the second day on Thursday. President, SHSS, Shailendra Dubey, said, \"The Union cabinet's decision opposes the tenets of the Constitution. This is nothing but the government's attempt to overturn the ruling of the Supreme Court, in an attempt to garner additional votes.\"With the protests against quota in promotion spreading like wildfire, most employee unions in the state came together on Wednesday to protest the Cabinet decision, calling it 'arbitrary as well as dangerous'. General secretary, UP Development Authorities' Employees Union Federation, Dinesh Joshi, said, \"Central government's decision to bring about such a constitutional amendment will affect the fate of nearly 77% people in the country. We are entirely opposed to such an amendment being introduced.\"Sections of government employees, however, maintained that the decision to introduce reservations in promotions was long overdue. A group of nearly 7 lakh employees in favour of the decision decided, on Wednesday, to work an additional four hours in order to make up for the loss of work caused by their striking colleagues. Secretary, UP Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, AK Dohare also appealed to the chief minister saying that employees who are in favour of reservation should be given adequate protection by the state government.Though the immediate fate of the Bill remains uncertain with the Parliament session due to end in two days, the political fallout of the agitation appears to have benefitted the Samajwadi Party in a big way, with majority of employee unions backing the state government for its clear and unrelenting opposition of the quota in promotions bill in the Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272788", "title": "Civic amenities for unauthorised structures", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has officially moved a proposal not to give civic amenities to unauthorized constructions. The move is to prevent more unauthorized constructions coming up.Shrikar Pardeshi, municipal commissioner, said, \"The high court has directed the civic body to take action against unauthorized constructions in the city. The state government has also directed the civic body to implement the court directive. The civic administration has started a drive to remove unauthorized constructions in various parts of the city. It has also been decided that the civic body will not give basic amenities to any new unauthorized construction coming up in the city.\"Pardeshi said a proposal has been tabled before the law committee. The PCMC will also tell the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited to check the documents before giving electricity connections to ensure that only authorized constructions get the connections, he said.\"If the unauthorized constructions do not get water supply, drainage, approach roads, street lights, then no one will buy those property in buildings constructed without permission. This will reduce the rampant growth of unauthorized constructions in the city. After the law committee approves the proposal, it will be sent to ;The proposal will be sent tothe civic general body for approval. We will start implementing the proposal after the GB approves it,\" Pardeshi said. The proposal will come up for discussion before the law committee on September 7. Of the nearly 3 lakh properties in the city, 1.1 lakh are unauthorized constructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16275527", "title": "Cops avert clash near Chennai college", "text": "CHENNAI: Traffic on Kamarajar Salai came to a halt on Wednesday after students of Presidency College took to the road to celebrate their August 31 election victory. A group of students climbed atop buses and burst crackers to mark their victory.Police said more than 100 students gathered on Kamarajar Salai around 10.30am. The college reopened on Wednesday following the college union election.They had earlier seized three knifes near the college campus. \"While they were keeping vigil near the college, we seized three knifes, including a long knife, wrapped in paper. We are not sure, whether it was kept by the college students or some others,\" a police officer said.Police said a clash was averted after students formed two gangs based on their bus routes. They said students of 6D (Toll Gate-Besant Nagar) formed a gang, and students on routes 29A (Perambur-Anna Square) and 27H (Anna Nagar-Anna Square) formed another gang and were set to clash.\"We chased them away but the traffic was through out of gear for about two hours,\" the officer said. The college remained closed on Wednesday after a college student died following a brief illness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16274957", "title": "MP police not aware about Lankan President visit", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh police department still has no official intimation about the scheduled visit of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa to the state capital on September 21 for the foundation laying ceremony of a Buddhist university at Sanchi in nearby Raisen district.When TOI approached the police department with queries about security arrangements of VVIPs arrival for the International Dharma-Dharma Sammelan scheduled for September 22-23, the state police department said the programme was yet to be finalised.When the VVIPs arrive, they will be provided complete security by the state police department. But the department has not received any official notification from the government yet about the arrival of President Rajapaksa and the other dignitaries,'' said inspector general (law and order) S K Pandey.Once the official confirmation is passed on to us, the department will arrange for security arrangements for the international political and religious leaders,'' Pandey said. The IG for law and order explained that there was no requirement for additional forces from the Centre to manage the Dharma-Dharma Sammelan which is being jointly organised by the Madhya Pradesh department for culture and the Mahabodhi Society of Sri Lanka . \"The state police is capable of handling the situation,'' Pandey added.Meanwhile, an official press note of the state government informed that chief secretary R Parasuram reviewed preparations being made for bhumi poojan to be held for Buddhist University at Sanchi on September 21 and Dharma-Dhamma Sammelan to be held at Bhopal on September 22-23. The high-level review meeting was held at Mantralaya here on Wednesday.Discussions were mainly held at the meeting on arrangements to be made for welcome of Sri Lankan President, Bhutanese Prime Minister, seating arrangements at functions to be held at Sanchi and Bhopal, parking arrangements, lodging, food and security arrangements of delegates.On August 29, the state minister for culture Laxmikant Sharma had officially declared the arrival of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa and Bhutanese Prime Minister Jigme Yoser Thinley along with scholars, religious heads and philosophers of 22 nations including Britian, Vietnam, China, Israel, Indonesia and Japan for the Dharma Dharma meet.According to Laxmikant Sharma the foundation stone-laying of the Buddhist University by Rajapaksa will be performed at Sanchi in Raisen district on September 21, 2012. Madhya Pradesh government will spend Rs 200 crore on the construction work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16273900", "title": "Series of heists causing concern to Gaya residents", "text": "GAYA: Virtually throwing an open challenge to Gaya police, criminals uprooted strong iron shutters of three business establishments near the Civil Lines police station and leisurely transported the stolen items on Tuesday night. The stolen items valued at over Rs 5 lakh include 35 pieces of Exide heavy batteries, each battery weighing about 65 kg.Striking for the second time within a fortnight in the same area, the criminals also took away high value cameras, printer and other accessories from the Indradhanush Studio owned by a photojournalist.Besides breaking into the studio and Exide battery showroom, the criminals also stole electrical goods from a leading electrical shop of the town. The area of the heist serial is regarded as the most protected point on account of being located at a stone's throw from the Civil Lines police station and across the road of the official residence of Gaya Sadar SDO. According to the local shopowners, police inaction in a similar incident in the same area a few days back emboldened the criminals who undertook the daredevil venture virtually ignoring round-the-clock police presence in the neighborhood.Taking serious note of the incident and growing boldness of the criminals, the Central Bihar Chamber of Commerce ( CBCC) went into action mode and a meeting of the representatives of different interest groups including the business body, IMA, Bar Association and Teachers Body was convened late on Wednesday evening to discuss the plan of action to register protest against such incidents.Sources say civil society will first deliver an ultimatum to the police to deliver results, identify the gang and recover the items failing which the option of dharna and Gaya bandh will be exercised. The business body may also seek chief minister Nitish Kumar's personal intervention during his proposed Gaya visit for the foundation laying of the Falgu bridge.Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar said that the police had taken serious note of the incident and four additional patrolling parties were being pressed into service from Wednesday night itself. These patrolling parties will be at the disposal of the City DSP. Kumar hoped that the stolen items will be recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16271417", "title": "Baruah asks Rajkhowa to join Accord stir", "text": "GUWAHATI: The anti-talks faction of Ulfa, led by Paresh Baruah, has asked Arabinda Rajkhowa, the leader of the pro-talks faction of the outfit, to join the non-violent movement for implementation of the Assam Accord. Baruah's faction said that the key to the solution that Rajkhowa is seeking from the ongoing peace talks with the Centre lies in total implementation of the accord. The Assam Accord was signed between the Centre, All Assam Students Union (Aasu) and the state government in 1985 at the end of a six-year anti-foreigners' movement.\"In agreement with various organizations, parties and individuals of Assam, we also say that if all the clauses of the Assam Accord of 1985 are implemented totally, all the demands submitted by Rajkhowa to the Centre will be addressed. We welcome the steps taken by some of Rajkhowa's junior colleagues in this regard. If possible, Rajkhowa should also join this non-violent movement for the total implementation of the Assam Accord,\" the anti-talks faction said in a statement.The recent conflict between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in the Bodoland Territorial Council areas has once again raised strong voices across the state demanding total implementation of the accord so that illegal migrants can be driven out. Many social and political groups have launched a renewed stir demanding the accord be implemented. The Aasu leadership complained that the Assam Accord was an outcome of a movement to drive out illegal migrants but even 27 years after it was signed, influx from Bangladesh continues and illegal migrants are still living in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16271328", "title": "NCM asked to clarify stand on status of Bodo tribe's religion", "text": "GUWAHATI: Human rights activists have urged the National Commission for Minorities (NCM) to clarify its stand on the status of Bodo tribals as religious minorities considering that majority of the Bodo tribals still follow \"Bathou\" religion and Christianity.A New Delhi-based rights' group, the Asian Centre for Human Rights (ACHR) has questioned the NCM's report on the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) violence of being biased against Bodo tribals.The NCM has, however, defended its report and said in a letter to ACHR director Suhas Chakma that the report was neither biased nor inflammatory. But the NCM is yet to clarify its stand on the status of the Bodo tribe's religion.Following the Bodo-Muslim violence in western Assam, a NCM team consisting of planning commission member Syeda Hameed, advisor to the planning commission GB Panda, and NCM member Keki N Daruwalla visited the BTC area and Dhubri district in Assam on August 11 and 12 to study the situation. The NCM later released its report on the violence.The ACHR lamented that NCM member from the northeast, HT Sangliana was not included in the team that visited Assam.Majority of the Bodo tribals still followsanimist \"Bathou\" faith, but they classified themselves as the Hindus. About ten percent of the Bodos have adopted Christianity.The Bodos, with a population of about 15 lakhs, are the earliest settlers of Assam, belonging to the Bodo-Kachari family. They live mostly in Kokrajhar, Chirang, Bongaigaon, Baksa, Barpeta, Kamrup, Darrang, Udalguri and Sonitpur districts.The Bengali-speaking Muslims, who are now in conflict with the Bodos, started migrating from East Bengal to Assam in the late 19{+t}{+h} century. The migration continued even after the partition in 1947.Muslims today constitute at least 31 per cent of Assam's total population of 3.1 crore. Of the 27 districts in Assam, they dominate Dhubri, Goalpara, Barpeta, Darrang, Nagaon, Karimganj and Hailakandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16272359", "title": "Woman jumps off Pragati Maidan Metro station, dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old woman, identified as Astha, committed suicide by jumping off the Pragati Maidan Metro station on Wednesday evening. Police said they have not recovered any suicide letter and believe she had got off a train on the busy Noida-Dwarka line after being upset with someone with whom she was talking on phone. Astha lived in the Madangir area of southeast Delhi.The woman was rushed to the RML Hospital where she was declared brought dead. Police said they are studying CCTV footage to find out the exact chain of events. Meanwhile, her parents are being questioned to ascertain if she was upset about anything.Karambir Singh, the security guard at an ATM located inside the Metro station said, \"The woman was talking on phone and missed the train. After that, she threw her purse and then jumped off the station, crashing headlong on the ground. The left side of her head was severely injured. She was wearing a blue checked shirt and jeans. A traffic cop and others rushed her to the hospital in an autorickshaw.\"A police officer later told TOI: \"Suicides are turning out to be a big problem and are affecting our general psyche. We have tried out several methods to prevent suicides but none have been totally effective. Even now, CISF personnel and private security guards are deployed at stations to watch out for people with suspicious movement\u2014a possible indication of suicidal tendency. CCTV footages are also scanned regularly to try and identify such people. However, everything happens in a split second, before anybody can react.\" Several suicide incidents have occurred at Kirti Nagar, Mayur Vihar, Malviya Nagar, Chandni Chowk and Sultanpur Metro stations this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273668", "title": "Protests in Gujarat University over simmering problems", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There was acrimony at the Gujarat University (GU) as thousands of college teaching and non-teaching staff, principals, teachers and college management representatives held a mammoth demonstration. They were pressurizing the university to fulfill their long pending demands including payment of arrears according to the sixth pay commission and filling up of positions rendered vacant due to retirement.The GU building resonated with slogans as members of different associations demanded that their issues be resolved; the main demand being the college staff be paid arrears according to the sixth pay commission by December.They also demanded the basic salary of principals be increased to Rs 43,000 while that of college teachers be raised to Rs 37,400.\"A large number of positions are vacant following retirement of the teaching staff. The state government should give immediate no-objection certificate so that these positions may be filled\", said president of the College Teachers Association, JS Prajapati.College managements have demanded the maintenance grant to the colleges be raised from Rs 60 to 300. Those protesting also demanded that the teachers appointed on fixed pay should be given higher salaries and that their years of teaching on fixed pay be considered a part of their teaching experience.\"These are very important issues which have been plaguing colleges, teachers, principals and managements for years. Yet, the GU as well as the state government has not taken any initiative to resolve these issues. If the demands are not addressed promptly, we will launch a phase-wise movement\", said Congress leader and GU syndicate member, Narhari Amin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16272822", "title": "Youth files cheating case against Kiran Maheshwari", "text": "JAIPUR: A 32-year-old man has lodged a case of cheating against national general secretary of BJP Kiran Maheshwari and 29 others alleging that these people conspired together to get him married to a woman who was already married.The petitioner, Deepak Tapadia (32), a resident of Bada Bazar area, alleged that he was married to one Piyali alias Priya, a resident of Mumbai on June 8, 2008. An year after his marriage, he was shocked to notice that the woman was already married to somebody else. Initially he attempted to lodge a case at the police station, but he failed. Later on Monday, he lodged an Istegasa (legal complaint) against Maheshwari and 29 others at a court in Udaipur accusing them of cheating. The court asked the Ghantaghar police in Udaipur to lodge a case under Section 302 of IPC and investigate against the senior BJP leader and others.However, the family of the BJP leader, refuting the allegations, said they have no acquaintance with the complainant and were not aware of his family or inlaws.\"We are not aware when and where Deepak Tapadia got married. He has been blackmailing us for a long time and we had lodged a case in this regard at Ambamata police station in Udaipur. During then his family members sat for a compromise and we too forgot the matter. Again he is with his malpractice to get cheap publicity,\" said Satya Naryan Maheshwari, husband of the BJP MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16274049", "title": "HC throws out petition against Shatrughan Sinha", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday dismissed a petition challenging the election of Shatrughan Sinha from Patna Sahib parliamentary constituency in 2009.A single bench of Justice V N Sinha delivered the verdict upholding the rejection of nomination papers of the petitioner, Mahesh Prasad Singh, by the election authorities as the petitioner had not mentioned his correct age.Shatrughan's counsel S N P Sharma and Manik Vedsen submitted that the petitioner was required to enter his correct age (in 2009) at the time of filing the papers, which was 60 years. Instead, he had written \"complete 25 years of age\" in the specified column. As the particulars of the candidates filing nomination papers go to public domain, mentioning of the minimum qualifying age only for contesting elections was rather vague and confusing.Central government quarter: A division bench comprising Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh, on Wednesday directed the state government and the chief commissioner, Income Tax, Bihar, to resolve within three months the matter relating to shifting the central government quarter from bungalow number 5 on Bailey Road to state government bungalow number 26 on Hardinge road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16272228", "title": "District to resume talks with farmers over land buyout", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to speed up the land acquisition process for the growth of industry, the disrtrict administration will start negotiations with farmers in the next week.The negotiations with the farmers were stopped following the transfer of former district collector P Velarasu. The new district collector, Vilas Patil, who took charge as Collector of Nashik in June 2012, could not revive negotiations with the farmers for the last three months.Speaking to TOI, a senior MIDC official said, \"The negotiations with the farmers for the land acquisitions of the land in Gonde and other placesin the district, will start within a we0ek.\" Acquisitions of around 11,111 hectares have been proposed at 16 locations across Nashik and these are at different stages in the acquisition process which This land acquisition is expected to be completed by Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) by the end of 2015. The MIDC had earmarked 128 hectares of land for the development of the new industrial area at Gonde, near Igatpuri. According to the notification issued by the state in 2008, MIDC had begun the acquisition procedure including plot measurements.The state also issued a notification in 2007 for 212 hectares in Wadivarhe, near Nashikhad also issued a notification in this connection in August 2007. But plot measurements here could not be completed due to opposition by farmers. Rs. 5.50 lakh have been paid joint measurement of the land.According to the Additional Sinnar MIDC Phase 2 project, around 1,456 hectares have been state-notified at Musalgaon, Kedarpur, Shahapur, Khopadi Bu and Gulvanch. The state government had issued a notification in August 2008. According to a meeting held with the state minister of industry in the chair in April, a report on arable and non-arable land has already been sent to MIDC headqaurters. the head Office of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC).Other locations in the dstrict wherein land has been notified includes Shivajinagar, Gonde and Datali with total 651.86 hectares, Mapari near Sinnar (230.67 hectarers), Mauje Baragaon Pimpri (1,272.81 hectares), Mauje, Sonambe, Konambe, Harsule, Paste, Khapale and Shastrinagar with a total 966 hectares, Malegaon Sione Bu (113.20 hectares), Zodge and Jalaku with total 2,354 hectares and Yeola Chchondi Khu (109.34 hectares).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16272750", "title": "Irrigation dept puts conditions for giving extra water to PMC", "text": "PUNE: The state irrigation department has put preconditions before the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) in lieu of additional water from the Khadakwasla reservoir. The department wants the civic body to bear the expenses of around Rs 1,000 crore for construction of a direct tunnel from Khadakwasla to Phursungi and also to recycle 10.90 TMC water and release it for irrigation.The PMC had recently demanded additional water allocation, considering the growing population of the city. In response, the irrigation department had said, \"There is no possibility of a new dam in the Khadakwasla reservoir system since this will have a drastic impact on the Ujjani dam water. It is a necessary obligation to use the Khadakwasla water with more efficiency.\"The assistant superintendent engineer of the Pune irrigation circle in a letter to the chief engineer of the Pune irrigation circle has said that any additional quota of water for Pune city should be allocated only if the PMC abides by conditions put forward by the department.The irrigation department has insisted that a 17-km-long underground tunnel from Khadakwasla reservoir to Phursungi be built as suggested by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. This project would need funds in the range of Rs 1,000 crore.\"The direct tunnel could save wastage of about 2.50-3 TMC water. The wastage is due to the open canal system. Once the tunnel replaces the canal, the saved water could be directed for Pune city's use. As the saved water will be used by the PMC, it becomes mandatory on the PMC to bear the expenses incurred for the construction of the tunnel,\" said the letter, a copy of which is with TOI.A few months ago, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had said that the PMC cannot shoulder the expenses and, hence, once the tunnel is ready, the land of the existing canal could be used to generate transfer of development rights (TDR). The three crore square feet TDR thus generated, could be used for new constructions. Pawar had added that the chief minister should intervene since the canal land falls under water bodies and, as per the urban development department rules, it cannot be used to generate TDR.The civic administration has said the irrigation department's proposals will be tabled before the civic standing committee and the General Body. \"The standing committee has already approved the proposal that the contract terms and conditions put forward by the irrigation department should be brought to the notice of elected representatives,\" said a civic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16278240", "title": "Arbitration award in a foreign country can be challenged in India: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday said an arbitration award arrived at in a foreign country can be challenged in India if it was being enforced here.The apex court's landmark judgement in the arbitration sector settles a lingering question whether Indian courts had the jurisdiction to entertain challenge to foreign arbitration awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16273594", "title": "Gujarat seeks Rs 450 crore aid to fight malnourishment", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government has asked the Government of India (GoI) to provide Rs 450 crore as \"help\" to fight vulnerable nutrition levels in 132 talukas, mainly belonging to Saurashtra, Kutch and North Gujarat, where the government believes a drought-like situation prevails, despite recent rains.The demand comes significantly close on the heels of Narendra Modi's controversial statement where the chief minister said that middle class girls are so health conscious that they do not consume milk, hence suffer from poor nutrition levels.\"The exact amount, which is still in the process of finalization, should be enough to ensure that the vulnerable sections are able to get nutritious food till the onset of next monsoon\", a senior Modi aide told TOI, adding, \"The demand was made last week by Gujarat chief secretary A K Joti before the Central team which had come to Gujarat for an on-the-spot assessment. The demand was not part of the original drought memorandum submitted to the Centre. It was worked out after Modi instructed officials to look into the nutrition issue of the vulnerable sections of population in Saurashtra's seven districts, Kutch and Patan, where the situation was particularly grim.\"The aide said, \"This new demand is in addition to what the state government had demanded so far while sending a revised drought memorandum of Rs 18,723.37 crore. With this, the total demand from the Centre has reached Rs 19,200 crore. The final figure for nutrition and its different components will be made known shortly.\"The Gujarat officials told the visiting Central team that they wanted the GoI to address four main concerns - poor nutrition levels of three lakh pregnant and young lactating women, around 12 lakh equally vulnerable children aged six months to six years, another 12 lakh primary school-going children, and about 60,000 children who have been rendered \"out of school\" because poor parents must work a livelihood under employment guarantee schemes in the absence of viable employment in areas where crops have failed.\"The demand is important, as the current supplementary nutrition provided by the Gujarat government is insufficient for pregnant and lactating women, who need between 2,000 and 2,600 calories per day, but are provided with food of 600 calories; and for children between six months and six years, who are provided with 500 calories at anganwadis through nutritious food, though they should get 1,200 and 1,800 calories. The situation is similar for school-going children, who get midday meal once a day,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16274405", "title": "Cops bust gang engaged in sale of human blood", "text": "KANPUR: With the arrest of 12 persons including a young couple, the Kanpur Dehat district police on Wednesday claimed to have busted a racket of collection and sale of human blood in the region.Additional Superintendent of police (Kanpur Dehat district) Ram Kishun told TOI that acting on a tip-off that some suspicious activities were going in a house at Meerpur locality of Pukhrayan town, a police team carried out a spot raid and caught Vivek Dwivedi (30) and his wife Rekha Dwivedi (26) red handed illegally extracting blood from ten persons, most of whom were drug-addicts, labourers, rickshaw-pullers and professional blood donors. Instruments used for extracting blood and a large number of empty bags used for storing blood were recovered from the premises.ASP Ram Kishun further informed that the couple, who hails from Naubasta area of the city about a fortnight ago had rented a house in the Meerpur locality belonging to one Ravi Sachan. \"On a tip-off provided by Sachan, who had been noticing suspicious activities of his tenant, a police team from Bhognipur Kotwali police station conducted a raid at the house.Cops were shocked to find instruments used for extracting blood, empty blood sachets, glucose bottles, iron tablets, syringes, needles besides a couple and group of blood donors. Most of the blood donors were found to be critically ill, besides few others were in a drunken state.The raiding cops immediately alerted their seniors following, which more police force was requisitioned. Police took them into custody for further questioning. They have been identified as Gopal, Santosh, Babu, Kamal, Ramesh, Dinesh, Mukesh, Sandeep, Vipin and Mehboob, all residents of Moolganj area of city.The police immediately apprised senior health officials of the district. Police said the arrested couple, who were into illegal trade since past 10-12 years used to supply blood to private nursing homes and hospitals of the district and nearby cities including the city, where there is a huge demand for blood following heavy influx of patients.They said that they had sold several thousands units of blood till date. Few aides of Dwivedi are absconding. \"A team has been formed to trace them,\" said a senior police official.\"Investigations are on and serious action would be taken against those nursing homes that were using the blood supplied by these illegal blood suppliers,\" said a senior district health official.The investigating cops further said that during interrogation, the arrested couple revealed that they used to lure poor people, including labourers, drug-addicts, rickshaw-pullers and professional blood donors, to donate blood by offering them Rs 250 each. They said that those engaged in blood supply used to charge Rs 1000 to Rs 1,500 for a pouch.Vivek Dwivedi had worked as a technician at a pathology and Anjali Hospital in city in past. \"An FIR under various sections of the IPC has been lodged and interrogation of the couple besides ten blood donors is still underway,\" a cop at the Bhognipur Kotwali police station said.Additional chief medical officer DP Chowdhary also visited the raiding site and ordered a full-fledged inquiry into the episode. Social activists alleged that there could be a bigger racket behind the smuggling of blood. Chowdhary, however, said that if private nursing homes are found to be involved in the illegal trade during investigation, strict action would be initiated against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "16273889", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Artistes giving finishing touches to the clay idols", "text": "MANDREM: With Ganesh Chaturthi commencing from September 19, most of the artisans have completed the clay idol preparation and are gearing up to give final artistic touches in different 'chitrashalas' in Mandrem, Pernem and Dhargalim.There are as many as 60 'chitrashalas' spread across Pernem taluka. Ramesh Ganpat Mandrekar's chitrashala at Devulwada, Mandrem, is one of the main 'chitrashalas', where around 800 Ganesh idols are made.\"We are facing a tough time in pricing clay Ganesh idols at a reasonable rate, owing to the escalating cost of paint, labour and clay,\"said Bhalchandra Kalangutkar an idol-maker, dramatist and photographer from Tuem, Pernem. He prepares around 500 Ganesh idols and sells them for prices ranging between 1,000 to 10,000.Babi Vasant Pednekar from Madhalamaj, Mandrem, has been active in this profession for 40 years.Babi Pednekar used to prepare Ganesh idols at Redi in Sindudurgh district in Maharashtra. Now, he has started making the idols at his residence. Babi sounds optimistic as he says that he has full faith in Lord Ganesh, adding that he makes idols not for business purposes but out of love and devotion for Lord Ganesh.The chitrashalas belonging to Sudan Kanolkar, Mahesh Raul, Amarnath Kolvalkar, Gurudas Uskaikar and Shrikrishna Dhumal are some of the main chitrashalas in Dhargalim. Altogether 3,000 odd Ganesh idols are made here, every year.In Pernem, chitrashalas belonging to Arun Palyekar, Kinlekar, Kashalkar and Kumbhar families are main chitrashalas where around 2,000 Ganesh idols are made every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273514", "title": "India hopes to sign new visa agreement during Krishna\u2019s Pak visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is hopeful of a new visa agreement, in the works for some time now, being signed during the visit of foreign minister S M Krishna to Pakistan where he will review progress in bilateral ties with his Pakistani counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar on Saturday.Sources familiar with developments said India has been ready to ink the agreement to liberalize visa rules and this could have been done in May but for the Pakistani side not having completed domestic requirements needed to formalize the decision.Krishna is expected to stress the centrality of terrorism and the 26/11 trial process in India-Pakistan ties but it is not clear if he will be taking up the charges leveled by India's home ministry of incendiary videos and messages being uploaded from Pakistan in the wake of the Bodo-Muslim riots in Assam.\"We don't know if he will be carrying any evidence on this score,\" sources said. There is a chariness over the charges leading to a row between the ministries of external affairs and home as North Block insists it has evidence of a Pakistani hand in the matter.Talks between Krishna and Khar will not have a set agenda and all matters either feels the need to discuss can be taken up. India is expected to make it concerns on terrorism clear while the two sides probe progress on vexed issues like Siachen and even Sir Creek.There is an air of positivity over the visit with some seeing it as a likely precursor to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's much anticipated visit to Pakistan. Krishna's view that the visit need not wait for \"big takeaways\" is read as an acknowledgment of the situation in both countries where governments will face elections in the not too distant future.Uncertainty in Pakistan with the Supreme Court offensive over cases against President Asif Zardari keeping the government on the edge and fast-paced developments in Afghanistan have made big steps in bilateral ties difficult. Yet, the accent has been on incremental progress, even if there is not much to write home about.Pakistan's policy on India, US and Afghanistan remains firmly in the hands of the army. Although the civilian leadership insists the military is \"on board\" the peace process, deliverables on India's \"core concerns\" like bringing Lashkar-e-Taiba leader Hafiz Saeed and other top jihadis to book for the Mumbai attack are poor.Sources took note of reports about India offering 500 mw of power to Pakistan, but said this could only be a future arrangement. As of now, the grids between the two countries are not connected and the technical feasibility of such a transfer needs to be examined.The arrest of 26/11 key plotter Abu Jundal and his revelations are sure to crop up as India underlines its concern over terror emanating from Pakistan.On the travails of Pakistani Hindus, the Indian side is expected to reiterate its position that it expects that the community will be protected by the authorities in that country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16274775", "title": "Promotion quota will fill 16k posts", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the proposed legislation providing reservation to SCs and STs in promotion in government jobs gets the mandatory Parliament nod, it will pave the way for filling as many as 16,864 vacancies in central services . These vacancies were supposed to be filled through promotion to members of SC and ST community, but pendency persisted in the absence of clarity in policy.Officials in the ministry of personnel believe that the removal of term \"inadequate representation\" through amending Article 16 (4) of the Constitution will help clear those backlogs. Though vacancies exist under the direct recruitment category, the number of vacancies is more under the promotion category of the SCs and STs in the absence of \"qualifying data\" on the basis of which promotions could be granted.\"The legislative action will now obviate the need for qualifying data. It will end uncertainties with regard to methodology for deciding the promotion. It will be easier for the government to fill the backlogs,\" said an official.Government statistics shows that 7,500 vacancies of SCs were filled in central jobs from November, 2008, to January, 2012, as against vacancies numbering 14,110. Similarly in case of STs, only 6,667 posts were filled through promotion as against the vacancies of 16,921 during the period. Official figures show that the number of vacancies under the promotion category for SCs and STs has consistently been on the rise because more people from these groups had joined the central government jobs over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16271769", "title": "Virat Kohli inaugurates academy amid chaos", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a near perfect Teachers' Day for coach Rajkumar Sharma. His student, India's star batsman Virat Kohli turned up to inaugurate Sharma's new cricket academy at a school in West Delhi on Wednesday.The function, however, quickly hurtled into chaos as the school authorities failed to control the crowd. Kohli had to rush away from the venue with hundreds of excited pupils and staff crowded around him.Although Kohli did manage to get hold of the microphone, he could speak for just a couple of minutes. The batsman was visibly agitated with the ruckus. The situation became a tad hilarious when former India opener Chetan Chauhan said: \"There are not many who are interested in what I have to say.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16274930", "title": "KSLU students can take part in moot court online", "text": "Hubli: If everything goes according to Karnataka State Law University's plan of implementing e-moot court through cloud computing, then law students can take part in moot court competitions by sitting in their college itself with the help of KSLU cloud. Usually, moot court competitions are conducted in various law colleges across the state and nation every year. These provide a platform to law students to enhance their argumentative and rhetoric skills and in preparing write-ups for the various cases in college itself. By implementing e-moot court, students can save time and money by not having to visit faraway colleges but at the same time not lose out on exposure of moot court competitions, by taking part in them online, said KSLU sources. Currently, KSLU sends circulars to all law colleges on the dates and venues of the moot court competitions and the college sends a team of students to take part in the competitions. Judges give the jury out at the venue itself. In the new system, a circular of the competition is put up on the KSLU cloud and students from their colleges participate on multi-screen sharing with the help of cloud. The judges are requested to come online and hook up with the event and judge the participants. The result and winners are declared on the KSLU cloud itself. Karnataka State Law University evaluation registrar K S Bagale told TOI, \"Law students can participate in the e-moot court competition by sitting in their college itself with the help of cloud computing and students can send their write-ups online and come up with their arguments, again online.\" In e-moot court, law students can take part in university, state and national level moot court competitions by sitting in their college and not venturing to the venue spot, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275268", "title": "\u2018Gear-ing\u2019 up for the poll day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For Panjab University students, what to wear on the poll day is as important an issue as who to vote.The elections are not just about votes and fervent campaigning, but also about catching the latest fashion trends to set the poll trail blazing.\"My friends and I have already decided what to wear on Friday. We will slip on casuals...T-shirts with funny taglines that will make a fashion statement too,\" said Divyanshu Malhotra, a PU student and theatre artist.Even those students who claim to be \"apolitical\" are figuring out what to wear on the D-day.\"The best thing for students will be to wear shades of the organization they support. Though we have not been associated with campaigning, on September 7 we will flaunt the colours of the party we plan to choose,\" said Amit, a law student.Rewin Koul, another PU student who refrains from staunch political canvassing, too will go for casual wear.There are, however, others who have no such plans and prefer to remain \"simple\". Garima Luthra, a PU student, said, \"I will wear something traditional -- a suit or \"kurta\" with jeans. Even my hostel mates will go for something simple rather than stylish.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16271868", "title": "Congress defaced public property, accuses BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP took on the ruling Congress on Wednesday for defacing public property stating that huge hoardings had been placed along the boundary walls of the Vidhan Sabha to mark the regularization of unauthorized colonies.Taking note, Speaker Yoganand Shastri directed the Delhi assembly secretary to take action and ensure that all hoardings were removed. Shastri also cautioned the Congress that this action should not be repeated.The monsoon session of the Delhi assembly this time opened with bright hoardings marked by congratulatory messages and smiling faces of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, chief minister Sheila Dikshit, her cabinet ministers and recently appointed Parliamentary secretary Mukesh Sharma.The BJP, on the second day of the House, complained that this was the first time that such a violation had been seen at the Vidhan Sabha and sought immediate action. They attacked the Congress heavyweights smiling out of the hoardings for defacement of public property. Congress MLAs shot back justifying the celebration, but the Speaker cut them short and told Sheila Dikshit that opposition members were making a relevant point and it was important to preserve the dignity of the Delhi assembly.On the first day of the assembly session, the BJP steered clear of taking on the Congress on regularization of 917 unauthorised colonies as no party would want to antagonize the 40 lakh residents as they are probable vote banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16272266", "title": "Sakala gets 1 crore applications", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka's Sakala mission, hailed a 'model endeavour' by the Union government's department of administrative reforms, crossed another milestone by garnering 1 crore applications since its inception just over five months ago.The scheme floated under the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens aims at providing services to citizens within stipulated time limits.\"Sept. 4, 2012 is a proud moment for us -- Sakala received 1 crore applications. In August alone, over 23 lakh applications were received, of which 22 lakh were disposed of in time. Districts such as Chikkaballapur, Kodagu and Uttara Kannada have been consistent performers with least overdue and delayed disposals,\" Shalini Rajneesh, secretary, department of administrative reforms, said.Although revenue (53%) and transport (21%) departments were leaders in service delivery, others too have been gaining popularity. Food &amp; civil supplies (29% increase in applications) and health &amp; family welfare (20% increase in applications) departments showed high receipts for the second consecutive month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273823", "title": "Dengue toll up, docs pray for more rain", "text": "KOLKATA: Though experts feel heavy rainfall can curb the dengue epidemic, Three more dengue deaths in the past 24 hours - which has taken the toll in the city to 19 - is no assurance that the outbreak may recede anytime soon. Experts, however, feel heavy rainfall can curb the dengue epidemic.While 50-year-old Three more dengue deaths in Kolkata on Wednesday took the toll to 19. Reba Biswas , a 50-year-old woman, died at the Calcutta Medical College Hospital and . Thirty-four-year-oldNabamita Mondal, 34, died at Belle Vue Clinic on Tuesday, A resident of NSC Bose Road in south Kolkata, she had been admitted to the hospital on August 31. Bappaditya Majhi, 25, died at the Flaming Hospital on Wednesday morning.Despite the sudden cloudburst, the day saw several patients, seeking admission, queued up in hospitals across the city. But if it continues to rain in the next 48 hours, the number of patients could come down by 30-50%, believe experts. Sources in the Met office also confirmed that there were chances of heavy shower. Even as hundreds continued to seek admission in hospitals, the sudden cloudburst on Wednesday could help to curb the dengue epidemic in Kolkata, said experts. The number of patients could come down by 30%-50%, if it continues to rain in the next 48 hours. According to the Met office, the possibility of heavy showers was high.\"Heavy rainfall will flush out the puddles and pools of water that were usually formed after the spells of sporadic rain we have had so far. These are ideal breeding grounds for the Aedes Egypti which is the carrier of has been carrying the dengue virus. So, the larvae will now be gone for a few days. But then again, we need heavy showers again to ensure that fresh larvae are not laid,\" said critical care expert Amitava Saha.They also pointed out that intermittent rainfall could make things worse. \"If the heavy showers gradually taper out and the drizzles return, then we will again have puddles of fresh water will again get collected on city roads. This will lead to the creation of fresh breeding grounds which can be dangerous at this stage,\" said Debashish Basu, preventive medicine specialist.But the good news is that the mosquito breeding season was drawing to an end, he added. \"It shouldn't last more than a fortnight, while the virus is likely to die out within a month. All we need now is a little help from the rain god to check breeding of fresh larvae. At least two more heavy showers are needed to wipe out the larvae. Sporadic rain, however, will create fresh breeding grounds,\" said Basu.Indoor breeding of larvae, however, continues to remain a challenge for the experts. \"Three more heavy showers could help curb dengue cases by at least 50%. Despite the showers, some larvae will remain and could cause enough damage,\" warned critical care specialist Arindam Kar.\"Unless you remove puddles and have a vector-control programme to after the rains, there won't be any significant change in the short run. The showers might give us a brief reprieve, only to be followed by another spurt in the number of dengue cases towards the middle of this month. In that case, we will have to wait till autumn for autumn so that the epidemic to be completely wiped out,\" added Kar.In Salt Lake, the health department has decided to train a total of 208 nurses from different national medical colleges and hospitals. These nurses will then visit houses in Salt Lake over the next 15 days. They will carry a form in which they will collect information from residents and submit the report to the health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274699", "title": "Odisha govt plans English labs for tribal kids", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to set up English laboratories in 124 schools to help tribal children improve their knowledge of the language. The Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe development (SSD) department minister, Lal Bihari Himrika, said this after inaugurating a computer lab at Tapoban High School at Khandagiri on Wednesday.\"The language laboratory is envisaged to enhance the listening, speaking, reading and writing skills of students in English language. The lab will help the students to overcome the shortfalls of teaching learning methods of English language,\" said Santosh Sarangi, secretary of the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe Development (SSD) department.The lab will help students in overcoming the shortfalls in teaching methods of English language resulting in ineffective communication, incorrect pronunciations and inabilities to comprehend native accents and idioms.Besides, the computer project aimed to upgrade IT infrastructure in SSD schools by setting up of computer lab &amp; providing computer education to students from Classes VII to X in the school. There are over 1600 schools run by SSD department in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16271602", "title": "Wakf Board finalises SC lawyers to fight Manikonda case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP State Wakf Board has finalized a four-tier system of lawyers who would be challenging the Supreme Court injunction on AP high court order declaring Manikonda Jagir as wakf land. \"We have finalized a set of lawyers and they are studying the counter prepared by board lawyer Shafeeq Rahman Mahajir. Mahajir and another board lawyer Masood Khan will be visiting Delhi soon to give a final shape to the counter and thrash out other legal details with the senior counsels there,\" board chairman Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani.He declined to divulge the names of the counsels. \"It will be tactically wrong if we reveal whom we have hired to fight our case,\" he stated. He said the board members will be holding a meeting with the managing committee of Dargah Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali to establish a system of coordination in the case. \"We will be meeting committee president Syed Afzal Mehdi soon. We agree that there should be complete coordination between the board and the committee to take such a crucial case to its logical conclusion,\" he said.Meanwhile, Mehdi said noted senior counsel Rajiv Dhavan has agreed to represent the committee in court in the case which is scheduled to come up for hearing on September 17. Sources said that the Wakf Board team that met legal experts in Delhi comprised besides Biyabani, Mahajir and Khan, board members Altaf Hussain Razwi and Zakir Hussain Javed, law officer Sultan Mohiuddin and advocate Wajid Ali Kamil. The board's advocate-on-record will be Ejaz Maqbool.Sources said that in the four-tier mechanism, Mahajir and Khan will be at one level, two lawyers of SC would work on the counter, another senior lawyer would whet the counter and finally, the senior-most lawyer would present the case. They said that the meeting between the Delhi lawyers and board team started on rickety note but by the end of about half a dozen sessions spread over two days all of them appeared to be on the same page.The high court, rejecting the claim of the state government and over a dozen business houses in April last over 1,654 acre and 32 gunta land located in Manikonda and another village said that the property belonged to the Dargah and was wakf land. Lanco Hills Technology Park Private Ltd., one of the affected parties, challenged the HC order in the Supreme Court which granted an injunction in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16273556", "title": "Fear of demolishing Sardar Patel's statue sparks protest", "text": "PALANPUR: A move by Mehsana municipality to demolish the wall surrounding a statue of India's Iron Man Sardar Patel met with stiff resistance from locals, mostly members of Sardar Group, who created a ruckus in the town on Wednesday.As soon as workers of public works department and bulldozers came to Modhera Chowkdi in the morning, the word spread that the statue was going to be demolished. Hundreds of locals gathered at the crossroads, disrupting traffic for several hours. They shouted slogans hailing Sardar Patel and criticizing the civic body.\"Sardar's insult is intolerable. Some portion near the feet of the statue has been damaged,\" president of Sardar Group Lalji Patel, who is spearheading the agitation, said.Patel claimed that this was the third attempt to demolish the structure. However, Mehsana collector Rajkumar Beniwal clarified that there was no question of bringing down the statue.\"The administration is only reducing the circumference of the concrete area around the statue, which has become a hindrance for the traffic, especially after signals were installed at Modhera Chowkdi,\" Beniwal told TOI.Mehsana district BJP president Rishikesh Patel, who arrived at the spot, pacified the people.The statue was installed in 1998 with the expenses of Mehsana District Central Cooperative Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275302", "title": "Water gates open for UT", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana have agreed to give water to Chandigarh provided issues related to land and pipelines are resolved from Kajauli. A high level meeting of officials of the three states arrived at a consensus on the matter on Wednesday.UT advisor K K Sharma said Punjab and Haryana have agreed in principal to give 40MGD water to Chandigarh, but the issue related to the land and pipeline is yet to be solved. Now, both the states and Chandigarh will submit their stand on the issue in writing, which will be included in the report of this meeting to be presented before the Punjab and Haryana high court on September 12, added Sharma.Bone of contentionThe issue is related to getting water from Bhakra main line via Kajauli water works to Chandigah. In 1983, after a sharing agreement between Chandigarh, Punjab and Haryana, the city had started receiving 20MGD of water. The capacity was later raised to 60MGD. The UT had taken the land on which pipes were laid from Punjab in 1983.As the UT doesn't have any more land to lay down pipes, it has asked Punjab government to lay down pipes with diameter of 2400mm so that 80MGD of water can be taken from Bhakra. This will be divided equally between Mohali and Chandigarh.But, this hadn't gone down well with Haryana as the state objected it was not taken into confidence while deciding about the 80MGD water. Haryana had disagreed to let UT and Punjab take away the water unless the issues related Hansi Butana Canal and Sutlej-Yamuna link were resolved with Punjab.At present, Punjab had started laying water line from Kajauli to Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16277653", "title": "Chandigarh police to use students as ambassadors to disseminate road sense", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to sentisize city residents about road safety rules and to persuade them to avoid and traffic rules' violation, Chandigarh police have targeted the school students. Their idea is to motivate school students about following traffic rules and then to use them as ambassadors to disseminate the knowledge among their neighbourhood, relatives and family friends.To start with, police had organized a r oad safety exhibition and workshop at a private school in sector 26 on Thursday. In this road safety awareness programme, cops from the road safety cell and traffic marshals participated and answered the queries of students.\"More than 500 students and 22 teachers were present in this road safety programme. There were lectures on road safety and we also asked the student not to indulge in minor driving. We also emphasized on safety of the students going in school buses,\" said traffic police sub-inspector Sukhdev Singh, who was looking after this programme.He added, \"We have also appealed the students to advise their parents to follow traffic rules and cooperate with the traffic police in traffic management. Over 5000 pamphlets on road safety were also distributed to the school students.\"Police said that they would cover all Chandigarh schools, both private and public, under this project in the coming days. Police is also planning to take pledge from students to follow the traffic norms and to help fellow motorists on roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16273058", "title": "Heavy rains breach airport wall", "text": "NAGPUR: The compound wall of city airport, already in a bad shape, now has two major breaches due to heavy rainfall on Tuesday night. The wall has been breached towards Sonegaon side. A jawan of Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) on duty at the watch post Tuesday night saw portions of the wall collapsing. He reported it to the authorities in the morning.P Anil Kumar, chief executive officer of Mihan India Limited (MIL), sent an engineering team to inspect the damage. The team fixed tin sheets at two spots. Anil Kumar told reporters that repairs would start as soon as rains stopped and completed in ten days. \"There is no threat to the airport security as CISF personnel are guarding it from all sides,\" he said.A more alarming fact is water leakage at the air traffic control (ATC) tower. Airport sources said Airport Authority of India (AAI) had recently expanded the ATC tower. Water leaking through the gap between the old and new tower. The drops are falling on radar computers, which is affecting communication with the pilots. AAI authorities have started mending the roof to stop the leakage.The security of Nagpur airport leaves a lot to be desired. The compound wall has gaping holes and cracks. Police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay had recently asked MIL authorities to immediately fill up the holes. The wall is so low at places that anyone can climb over it.On August 22, a West Bengal resident Ananta Nayek, had entered the airport climbing over the wall. Fortunately, he was spotted by a CISF jawan near the emergency fire station. Nayek had tried to snatch the jawan's rifle before other personnel overpowered him. This incident raised serious questions about the security of the airport.The airport faces a regular menace from wild as well as stray animals. Deers, peacocks, stray dogs and pigs have been sighted many times inside the airport premises. MIL has caught these animals several times but their entry has not stopped. Another problem is proximity of human habitation, especially on Jaitala side. Some of the houses have come up on encroached land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16274762", "title": "Woman held for medical seat fraud wanted to be mayor", "text": "BHOPAL: The woman who was arrested from the state capital on September 3 for allegedly duping a Haryana-based man on pretext of getting a medical seat for his son in a private college nursed an ambition to be the city mayor.This was revealed from the documents recovered by police from her residence. She had reportedly applied to a prominent political party for considering her candidature for the post of mayor.The woman Komal Pandey was arrested on a complaint by Ashok Kumar Kajal of Haryana. She had allegedly taken Rs 3.5 lakh from him promising a medical seat at a private college here for his son, Amandeep.The Nishatpura police said she is suspected to have conned many more candidates. The police officials are flooded with telephone calls from different cities inquiring about the woman.The callers informed the police that they too have been duped by a woman who had taken money from them after promising a medical seat for their wards in a private medical college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16277166", "title": "Rup and Q's new single - Meri Dua", "text": "Rup and Q deliver another slab of infectious house beats with the release of their new single 'Meri Dua'.Partnered with a video that has raised eyebrows with Indian and Pakistani groups that are questioning the viewer suitability of it, the duo have thrown caution to the wind and portrayed real-life aspects of relationships with scenes of betrayal, intoxication and violence.\"We wanted to showcase something that our fans could connect to at some level. It's a change from the style of videos that we have launched in the past, but yet it still remains a reflection of JOSH\" Rup explains.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16273188", "title": "High railings at MG Road Metro station to prevent suicides", "text": "GURGAON: In an attempt to reduce incidents of suicide at metro stations, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is installing additional railings at 26 stations on a priority basis, including the MG Road station in Gurgaon. In the recent past, there have been a slew of suicide cases reported from several Metro stations across the NCR. In Gurgaon, only a couple of months back, an incident of suicide was reported from the Sikanderpur Metro station.According to officials, careful analysis of the growing number of cases where people jump from elevated the platforms to the tracks to commit suicide has revealed that most of those who kill themselves choose the ends of platform to jump. Therefore, officials have decided to install these railings at each end of the platforms.\"After carefully scrutinizing the CCTV footages, we noticed that almost all the victims jumped to their death not from the middle portion of the platform but from the end since the presence of other commuters are less there. So we have decided to install these high railings that will make it impossible for them to climb and jump over,\" said an official.He added, \"We are also assessing other spots that are susceptible to such incidents and will put up these railings there as well. To begin with, we have identified 26 vulnerable stations where we will install the railings initially. After that, we will install them in all the stations that are within our network.\"At present, these railings are installed at six metro stations including Laxmi Nagar, Preet Vihar, Vaishali, Akshardham, Kaushambi and Nirman Vihar. Nineteen other stations that have been identified as suicide prone areas include Seelampur, Janakpuri West, Rajendra Place, Dilshad Garden, R K Puram, Sultanpur, M G Road, Jahangirtpuri, Kirti Nagar, Noida Sector 16 Govindpuri and Uttam Nagar East. The work to install railings in these stations will be over a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16273171", "title": "High Court extends stay on Lavasa criminal trials", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday extended the stay on criminal proceedings against directors of Lavasa Corporation. The petitions to quash criminal proceedings filed against them will now be heard by a division bench.The directors, represented by counsel Abhay Nevagi, had moved the HC against the criminal proceedings initiated by a Pune court on a complaint filed by Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) over alleged violations of environmental laws at the hill station project spread over 2,000 hectares.The matter was scheduled to come up before a single judge and when it did the petitioners learnt that a recent HC circular has stipulated that a two-judge bench will henceforth take up quashing cases. The notification issued on August 27 by an HC judicial officer states that a division bench presided over by Justice A M Khanwilkar will take up criminal applications under Section 482 of the CrPC Criminal procedure code for quashing of FIRs and criminal complaints or orders issuing process as well as orders of magistrates to the police directing investigation under Section 156(3) of the CrPC.The legal provision under Section 482 of CrPC empowers the HC to use its inherent powers to prevent abuse of judicial process of any court to ensure that justice is done.Eight persons, including non-executive director Anuradha Desai of Lavasa, had dragged the MPCB to the Bombay HC to challenge the Pune magistrate's November 2011 order. The Pune court had acted on a private complaint filed by MPCB that Lavasa had allegedly violated sections 15 and 16 of the Environmental Protection Act and various environmental notifications by not seeking prior green clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16274618", "title": "Workers want units restarted", "text": "MADURAI: Tension prevailed at the district collectorate on Wednesday as hundreds of employees from PRP Granites and Exports thronged the premises demanding the government to reopen the sealed units of the granite company.Led by Usilampatti MLA, P V Kathiravan, they submitted a petition to the district administration urging the government to consider the plight of the workers who are deprived of their livelihood after the granite company was closed down by the government after the scam broke out. After action was initiated against the granite quarries in the district for illegal quarrying, the granite quarries and the polishing units of PRP were sealed where hundreds of people from the locality were working at various levels. After the units were shut down last month, the workers are facing lot of hardship without employment and some of the marriages that were scheduled got cancelled due to this, the employees charged.Addressing media persons after submitting the petition, Kathiravan said the district administration has initiated action against the granite quarries and has filed cases. PRP also is ready to face those cases legally. However, it is important that the government should consider reopening the sealed granite units to safeguard the livelihood of the workers depending on the units, he said.\"More than 40,000 people are working in PRP and among them nearly 11,000 are from Usilampatti region. Depending upon the salaries they were drawing from the company, many have admitted their children in schools, took bank loans and other commitments. But now, everything is at stake. Some of the marriages of the employees scheduled in these months were also cancelled on these grounds. Hence, we urge the state government to reopen the granite companies and we believe that chief minister will consider the plight of the workers,\" he said.Many of the workers, including women in large number who were emotionally charged, raised slogans against the government stating that false cases are being framed against their owner. Sternly defending PRP, the workers said that none of the complaints filed against him were true. \"It is not true that PRP destroyed water bodies or encroached upon government lands. All of the government lands are intact and the water bodies were not touched\", said P Manikandan, one of the employees.\"The media is projecting the scrap granite stones as illegally hoarded ones, but in fact, they were rejected by the company which can be used for various other purposes including in green houses announced by the government and schools,\" he said.\"PRP has provided us with all benefits along with employment and taken care of the employees very well. Sudden closure of these units will drive the youth to take up anti-social elements, so the government should reopen the granite company immediately,\" said T K Jayakumar, supervisor in PRP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16278735", "title": "Mid-tier IT companies MindTree, Persistent Systems, Polaris grow faster than biggies", "text": "BANGALORE: This may come as a surprise. Mid-tier Indian IT firms have been doing as well or better than their top-tier counterparts in recent times. Normally in a downturn, the mid-tier segment tends to be more adversely impacted because customers who are still able to spend on IT prefer the safety of the more established players. But that's not the case now. In fact, the only exception in recent times was the global recession year of 2009-10, when mid-tier firms performed worse than top-tier ones.Companies like KPIT Cummins, eClerx, MindTree, Persistent Systems, Polaris, Infotech, InfoEdge, Geometric , NIIT Tech, CMC and Zensar had revenue growth rates that were well over 20% in each of the last two years - 2010-11 and 2011-12. Among the best of these were KPIT Cummins, with growth rates of 46% and 38%; eClerx with 37% and 29%; and Zensar with 25% and 46%. In the first quarter of this year, KPIT Cummins' revenue grew 88% to Rs 538.3 crore, Hexaware's grew 37.6% to Rs 438.3 crore and Persistent Systems' grew 34% to Rs 301 crore.There are several reasons for these blazing performances. Broking firm Edelweiss Securities says a major factor is the repositioning of mid-tier firms as more specialized players since the last downturn. Hexaware and NIIT Tech focused a lot more on the travel and transportation domains, Persistent Systems specialized in outsourced product development, MindTree in manufacturing and KPIT Cummins in automotive.\"This strategy of specialization has enabled mid-tiers not only to get invited to new RFPs (request for proposals) in those verticals but also to participate in newer, complex deals from first-time outsourcers in emerging markets,\" says Edelweiss.There's also been a shift in the structure of deals that has benefited mid-size players. Research firm Information Services Group estimates that contracts in the value range of $25 million to $99 million have surged from 481 in 2008 to 770 in 2011, while contracts with a value of more than $100 million have remained stagnant at 224 over the same time.Sid Pai, partner in Information Services Group, says this fragmentation of deals constitutes a significant opportunity for mid-tier players, and more so given their specialization.Edelweiss says the sudden increase in deals is being driven by first-time outsourcers who want to test-check the outsourcing model with small-sized deals and with vendors who can give them customized solutions.Mid-tier players also benefit from the 18% to 30% differential between the prices they charge compared to those of top-tier players. The top players charge a premium for their domain expertise and track record to execute large and complex deals. Edelweiss says in the current uncertain environment, this price difference would play out in favour of mid-tier companies.Ankita Vashistha, MD of outsourcing advisory firm Tholons, says IT outsourcing is now \"mainstreamed\", with many more companies adopting outsourcing and technology to cut costs and realize alternative revenue streams in an increasingly competitive and volatile market.\"A large number of mid-tier IT companies are engaging in vertical solutions for large clients and cost optimization for mid-tier clients. We expect mid-tier IT firms to grow in the 22-26% range this year, which is an improvement from a year ago,\" she says.(With inputs from Shilpa Phadnis)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273801", "title": "State U-turn on Class-IX exams", "text": "KOLKATA: While on Tuesday chief minister Mamata Banerjee was full of advices for dengue patients, a day later she was seen expressing compassion for school students across the state.Speaking at the Teacher's Day function in Netaji Indoor Stadium on Wednesday, the CM asked education minister Bratya Basu to spare Class-IX students from appearing in a board exam. The diktat comes a day after the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education (WBBSE) decided to hold the Class-IX annual examination externally from 2013.A day after West Bengal Board of Secondary Education (WBBSE) decided to hold the class IX annual examination externally from 2013, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday overruled it. Terming the annual external examination a stress on students, the CM used the Teacher's Day function at Netaji Indoor Stadium to instruct education minister Bratya Basu to withdraw the decision to prepare question papers by the board in Class IX.\"I will request the board not to prepare question papers for the Class-IX annual examinations. This will put students in a lot of stress. Instead, let them appear in the Madhyamik directly in Class X. The schools should hold the Class-IX examination and we should always try to bring relief to these budding minds,\" the CM said.Let the Class IX annual examinations be taken by schools themselves. Do not create more stress for the children and provide them some mental relief,\" the CM said.\"If the decision is implemented, parents will be unnecessarily worried about their wards' chances of passing or failing in the Class-IX annual examination. After being promoted till Class IX without any detention, it will be stressful if they have to take the annual examination on question papers set by the board,\" she added.No sooner did the CM get to know of the decision, than she inquired with Basu. The CM also said, \"After knowing about the board's decision, I had inquired with Bratya on Tuesday who informed me that it was only a process to familiarize students with the system of appearing in a board examination from class IX onwards. They can get a feel of the Madhyamik a year before and can prepare themselves accordingly. There is already a lot of stress on them. So, However, knowing the concern among students, I will advise otherwise,\" Mamata said.Later Basu added, \"We have taken note of the CM's desire and have decided that will implement the CM's decision and no question papers will be set by the board for Class-IX exams. Students will appear directly for the Madhyamik in Class X.\"In June, the education minister had suggested the board to prepare question papers for Class-IX annual exams as students would take the examinations in their own schools and answer scripts were to be corrected otherwise. Now, after the CM's instruction, the Class-IX annual exams will just be an internal assessment.The CM, who felicitated a 100 teachers with Sikshak Ratna on Wednesday, however, did not forget to bring up the drawbacks of the Left Front government.\"The previous government had established only one university during its tenure. But we have already decided to build three universities, one each at Coochbehar and Asansol and a private university by Techno India. I have asked Bratya to establish a university at Diamond Harbour that will be exclusively for the girls. I shall also set up one or two girls' colleges,\" she said.Banerjee also said that a new part time teachers' bill is on the anvil. \"In all, 18,000 schools - that are affiliated to panchayats now - will be brought under the primary council. These are now affiliated to panchayats. As a result, teachers in those schools will have better security,\" the CM added.Basu said, \"As per the CM's directives, we will start e-governance. All data will be documented. We shall ensure that a teacher gets provisional pension within a month of his retirement. A software is being prepared that will alert the education department much ahead of a teacher's retirement. Accordingly, all papers will be prepared and sent to the education department by the district inspectors concerned,\" said Basu on Wednesday.Mamata also released After new books at the event. She expressed satisfaction that the education department had lessened the burden on children. \"There is a need to reduce the syllabus so that stress is lessened. Henceforth, students in Class I will have to study just one book. Learning will be much more fun,\" the CM said.Basu, on the other hand, said, were inaugurated by CM, Basu said,\"The new books will ensure that students not only receive a degree, but also learn with a lot of fun. The previous regime used textbooks to indoctrinate its ideology into students. Moreover, textbooks were one-eyed. All this will now be passe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16274888", "title": "2 labourers die in blast at hyrdro project site", "text": "SHIMLA: Death of two labourers in an explosion at a hydro project site in Sainj valley of Kullu district has exposed chinks in security measures being taken to ensure safety of people while carrying out the blasts. In protest, vehicles were smashed and labourers have stalled work for the past two days.On Monday night, two Nepali labourers - Neema Lama and Harka Bahadur - died in an explosion while laying gelatin at the site of a 100MW power project. While Neema Lama died on the spot, Harka Bahadur succumbed to injuries at the hospital, sources said. The accident took place inside the tunnel. Sources said two other labourers were injured and condition of Sonam Lama is critical.Tension gripped the project site as labourers alleged safety concerns. Kullu police have registered a case under sections 336 and 304A of the IPC against the company on the complaint of labourer Supa Bahadur. The angry labourers were joined by residents of nearby villages who claimed that the accident was a threat to their safety and security. The labourers have warned the company that work would remain suspended till adequate measures are put in place.Kullu SP Ashok Kumar said the matter was being investigated and it was being checked if it was negligence on part of the workers or the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16273316", "title": "Hijacked ship with 22 Indians rescued", "text": "NEW DELHI: An oil tanker with 22 Indian sailors onboard that was hijacked by pirates off the shore of Nigeria was rescued by the Nigerian Navy on Wednesday afternoon, a shipping ministry official said.Director general of shipping Deepak Shetty told TOI that they received a mail from Dubai-based Pioneer Ship Management Services LLC that the crew and the ship had reached Lagos port and everything was under control. He added that all the crew members were in the safe cabin when the pirates took control of the vessel in Gulf of Guinea.\"We have been informed that the crew is safe,\" Shetty said.The Singapore-owned vessel MT Abu Dhabi Star was carrying fuel. The ship was hijacked when it was sailing towards the open sea. The hijack had taken place some 30 nautical miles into the passage from the port.In an email response, Pioneer Ship Management said around 2 pm, a Nigerian naval vessel came alongside the MT Abu Dhabi and command was restored to the master and crew. \"It is understood that the pirates had fled the scene on the approach of the naval vessel. The ship's crew is reported to be well and unharmed,\" it said.The company said an investigation was underway to establish how much cargo was stolen by the pirates and if there was any damage sustained by the vessel.Last month, pirates had hijacked and looted two oil tankers off nearby Togo. The ships and all crew members were later freed. The Gulf of Guinea has witnessed 37 attacks on ships this year alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16273788", "title": "Death for rioters plea: HC notice to Ode convicts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Wednesday issued notice to 27 convicts of Ode massacre cases over two appeals filed by the state government demanding death sentence for them. A division bench of Justice Ravi Tripathi and Justice Paresh Upadhyay issued notice to the convicts and sought their reply by October 10 over government's demand to enhance punishment awarded to them - life imprisonment - by special SIT courts in Anand.The court has also asked for their reply over the state government's filing the appeals late by nearly 40 days after the mandatory 90-day limit for filing appeals in such type of cases had expired.The appeals have been filed in two cases, wherein 26 persons lost their lives on March 1, 2002. After the completion of the trial, designated judge Poonam Singh awarded life imprisonment to 18 of those 23 whom she had convicted for killing 23 people in Pirawali Bhagol. On May 4, 2012, special judge R M Sareen sentenced nine persons to life imprisonment for killing three persons at Malav Bhagol of the Ode town.The Ode massacre cases are the first ones in the post-Godhra riots cases, in which the state government has sought death penalty for the convicts. The special courts had upheld charges of criminal conspiracy and murder in these riots cases.Earlier, 11 people were sentenced to death by a special SIT court last year in connection with the Godhra carnage case.The state government sought death penalty for 20 other persons, who were sentenced to life imprisonment for setting S-6 coach on fire on February 27, 2002. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16271725", "title": "Time Of Day metering first step to smart grid", "text": "BANGALORE: Smart use of electricity and strict implementation of Time of Day metering are the ways out for growing cities like Bangalore which face frequent power outages.On the sidelines of a meeting on Wednesday at the Indian Institute of Science on energy access and functions of regulatory bodies, Central Electricity Regulatory Commission chairman Pramod Dev said: \"Time of day metering is a signal to consumers that during the two peak times in a day - morning and evening, electricity is expensive and they have to pay more for consuming more than required or use it efficiently. This sends messages to industrial consumers how to plan their peak activities when electricity is cheap. When smart grids will take over, even domestic consumers will not use all their electrical appliances between 6pm and 10pm if not necessary as the cost is highest then.\"Dev explained that the TOD regime would also help distribution companies recover losses. \"For historical reasons, electricity has been cheap and consumers criticize any tariff hike. Distribution companies should be allowed to recover losses. Going by the 2003 amendments in the Electricity Act, CERC stipulates the introduction of the concept of market and treating electricity as a commodity,\" he said.Dev said it was in the process of forming two corridors - solar corridor in the west and wind in southern states. \"This means the solar and wind projects in these states will be aligned and power generated from these renewable energy units will be pooled into the grid. When the southern grid is connected to the northern grid by 2014, these two corridors will solve the renewable energy access crisis in all states. Tamil Nadu generates 5000MW of wind power and Karnataka comes second and the north produces more hydro power. If there's a shortage of power in any state, transfers in the lines to take loads can happen automatically,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16275288", "title": "Cops\u2019 casual ways can be a security threat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite Panjab University campus virtually turning into a fortress with nearly 80 cops and over 100 contractual security personnel on guard in view of the upcoming student council polls, the 'casual' attitude of these personnel is coming in the way of providing foolproof security.On Wednesday too there were instances when there was no checking of cars and bikes and even outsiders' vehicles, without any PU sticker, were allowed entry inside the campus. On being asked about letting some of the vehicles go unchecked, police officials reasoned that some of these vehicles are those of PU residents and their relatives and it is not sensible to check their vehicles.\"There are foolproof arrangements of vehicle checking at the PU entry points and we have given instructions not to allow any suspicious vehicle to enter. However, there are cases when PU residents, their guests or relatives come to visit them and we avoid checking them,\" said Gurmukh Singh, station house officer of Sector 11.Looking at PU's past record, where sharp-edged weapons and even pistols were taken inside the campus by hiding them in cars and in bags, this casual approach of the police could pose a threat security-wise, in the wake of upcoming student polls.Raghuvir Ghosha, a student of Postgraduate Government College in Sector 11, said, \"I had gone to PU, with one of my friends, to see the hustle and bustle of the election. We both went on a bike and were carrying black bags. Initially we were apprehensive about coming here as outsiders are not allowed but we took a chance. To our surprise nobody either checked our identity cards or our bags. You just need to enter the campus with confidence,\" he added.Besides, there was mismanagement of traffic at various points in the university because of plying of increased number of cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "16274383", "title": "Now, you can name an asteroid at a Nasa contest", "text": "HOUSTON: Students worldwide have a chance to name an asteroid, which is the subject of an upcoming Nasa mission. The mission, scheduled to be launched in 2016 is called Origins Spectral Interpretation Resource Identification Security Regolith Explorer (OSIRIS-REx ).It will return samples from the surface of the near-Earth asteroid called (101955)1999 RQ36 and it could hold clues to the origin of the solar system and organic molecules that may have seeded life on Earth.The competition is open to students under the age of 18 from anywhere in the world. Each contestant can submit one name, up to 16 characters long. Entries must include a short explanation and rationale for the name. Submissions must be made by an adult on behalf of the student. The contest deadline is December 2, 2012.Our mission will be focused on this asteroid for more than a decade,\" Dante Lauretta, principal investigator for the mission at the University of Arizona, said.\"We look forward to having a name that is easier to say than (101955) 1999 RQ36,\" Lauretta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16274792", "title": "Assembly gives a miss to members attendance records", "text": "BHOPAL: Strange as it may sound, Madhya Pradesh Assembly doesn't keep an attendance record of its members, including Speaker Ishwardas Rohani and chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to the House.In response to an application moved under right to information (RTI) Act, seeking detailed attendance of Rohani, Chouhan and members year wise since 2008, Assembly public information officer has stated that they don't keep such a record. \"Thus it is impossible to furnish detail regarding it,\" the reply said.\"It is shocking that the assembly wasn't having attendance record of members of the 13th MP assembly. If they were not keeping the record on what ground the House was reimbursing travel, daily allowances and other perks to the MLAs. If such is the case, it means that the auditing isn't taking place,\" advocate Nityanand Mishra who moved the RTI application told TOI.\"People want to know what their MLAs were doing in the House. They have all the right to get this vital information. When Parliament is keeping such a record why isn't the MP Assembly not keeping such a vital detail,\" he quipped. Recently, reports regarding Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's thin attendance to Lok Sabha had been published widely in many newspapers, he said.Under section 4 (1) (a) of the right to information Act 2005, all public authorities are suppose to maintain all their records duly catalogued and indexed in a manner that facilitates the RTI, Mishra said.\"I have already filed an appeal with appellant authority, assembly deputy secretary against public information officer's reply stating that the assembly doesn't keep record of its members' attendance.A member said it is mandatory to keep the attendance record in the House given that a daily allowance of around Rs 500 is paid to a member to participate in the proceeding of the assembly.MP assembly speaker Ishwardas Rohani said that he wasn't in the know of the information provided to the RTI applicant. \"I will check it out and thereafter comment over it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16273717", "title": "Women's panel slams cops for 'illegal' arrest", "text": "KOLKATA: The Lake Town police has come under fire for the alleged illegal confinement of 23-year-old Sagar Sriwas. The youth was arrested from Balaghat in Chhattisgarh on August 2 on charges of abducting 22-year-old Komal Kadel, daughter of an influential diamond merchant from Kolkata. In reality, however, Komal had run away from home in June and married Sriwas at an Arya Samaj Mandir in Madhya Pradesh.Komal's family didn't accept the match and lodged a complaint with the Lake Town police station. The officials treated this as an FIR and went to Chhattisgarh to bring back the girl and her 'abductor'. Komal produced documents to establish her age and marriage with Sriwas, but a police officer from Kolkata allegedly threw those on her face and arrested the youth.Once in Kolkata, Sriwas was sent to jail and he spent the next 35 days there till Komal obtained bail for him from Calcutta high court on Tuesday. The West Bengal Commission for Women, acting on media reports about the couple's plight, took suo motu cognizance and served notice on the Bidhannagar Police Commissionerate to probe the matter and submit a report. Komal also met the women's commission chairperson Sunanda Mukherjee on Tuesday and lodged a formal complaint.\"The youth was charged with abduction after Komal's uncle lodged a complaint with the police. However, when the police officer was shown documents, that established Komal as an adult, and also their marriage certificate, he should have realized that the charge was concocted. He should never have disturbed the couple. At best, he could have received the documents, noted them down in the seizure list and produced them before the court in Bidhannagar. Had the court wanted, it could have summoned the couple to Kolkata and asked them to clear up the matter. Why did the police have to arrest Sriwas and oppose his bail? This was illegal confinement. Just because Sriwas doesn't belong to the same economic background as the Kadels in Kolkata, it doesn't mean that he will have to be treated in this manner,\" Mukherjee said.After the notice was served, the officer-in-charge of Lake Town police station and the investigating officer were summoned by the deputy commissioner (detective department), Bidhannagar Police Commissionerate, and directed to submit reports on what actually had happened.Komal had claimed that the police thwarted all efforts by Sriwas to obtain bail from the court in Bidhannagar. \"When he pointed out that the court in Balaghat had allowed me to stay with his parents while granting transit remand to the Kolkata Police, the prosecution alleged that my husband had produced some other woman and not me in the Chhattisgarh court. This was a lie. Later, the prosecution alleged that my husband had made a ransom call to my father demanding Rs 5 lakh for my release,\" she said.When she submitted this before the high court on Tuesday, she was asked to make her statements before the court in Bidhannagar, when Sriwas prays for quashing of charges against him. Her lawyer has also threatened to file a defamation suit against Komal's family for the harassment that Sriwas suffered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16274841", "title": "Writers to chronicle visit of Manto's daughters", "text": "LUDHIANA: Writers and scholars from India and Pakistan will chronicle the first combined visit by legendary author Saadat Hasan Manto's three daughters to his birthplace in Samrala.Fifty-seven years after his death, Manto still causes passionate debates. \"Love of the people here makes me feel that no borders would ever be able to hold these feelings. As for writers pen knows no boundaries, I will be writing a Safarnama (travelogue) on this special visit as soon as I reach back home,\" remarked Tahira Iqbal, a professor and a prominent writer from a government women's college in Faisalabad.Iqbal, who has also done research on Manto's works and is also an author of Manto Ka Asloo, said it was essential that Manto's writings be evocative of the bond between two nations before the Partition.\"His daughters are not writers. But the way they have been given this loud reception shows the warmth of people from the two nations\" she pointed.Last year lovers of literature from India and Pakistan had held a series of celebrations on the centenary of Faiz Ahmed Faiz, the poet who lamented exploitation of the common people. Some scholars held forth on including the memories and pictures as part of their essays and research papers.\"I am not coming to India for the first time, but this experience is unparalleled and a travelogue on this visit is already brimming in my heart to find its place on the paper. I am also going to present a research paper in the function at Delhi on Friday,\" said Rabia Sarfraz, an assistant professor from Faisalabad, who has some 13 works to her credit.Another critic and prominent writer, Mirza Hamid Baig, whose works have been published from Allahabad and Maharashtra, said, \"I will definitely be writing about this experience as soon as I reach Pakistan as I strongly feel that peace and harmony should prevail in both the countries.\"An Indian poet and short story writer Malik Rajkumar from Delhi, who is also an editor of a magazine, took the opportunity to evaluate the collection of some of Manto's rare letters and proposed the idea to include them in a coffee-table book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "16273968", "title": "Yet another FIR against ex-state BJP chief", "text": "SASARAM: A named FIR was lodged against former state BJP president Gopal Narayan Singh on September 4 with Muffasil police station for illegal quarrying in Kaimur hills and keeping explosive items illegally.This was the sixth FIR lodged against the BJP leader in connection with illegal quarrying within the last one year and surprisingly in none of the cases could he be arrested by the police. Sasaram DSP Ashish Anand confirmed the lodging of FIR against Singh.Sources said that during Tuesday's joint drive by economics offences wing and district police against the illegal quarrying, police lodged an FIR against seven named accused including the BJP leader and 150 unknown persons. Four persons were arrested. Singh's official bodyguard was sent to jail on Wednesday. Sunil Chaudhary, the brother of DSP Balaram Chaudhar, has been admitted to Sasaram Sadar Hospital after receiving injuries in brickbatting between the police and illegal miners in Kaimur hills on September 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16274101", "title": "Six rare turtles seized from private hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after the city forest division seized two rare turtles from a roadside eatery, six rare turtles were seized from a private hospital here on Wednesday. Forest officials arrested the administrative officer of the hospital and produced him in court under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, said city range forest officer, Ashok Mishra.According to official sources, a five-member team of forest officials raided the private hospital and found four Soft Shell turtles and two River Tent turtles kept confined in a fountain pool on the hospital premises.\"The turtles being Schedule-I animals cannot be kept confined without the permission of forest department. Even keeping them confined for decorative purpose is punishable under the Act. We arrested the administrative officer of the hospital as he is the in-charge of the premises,\" said Mishra. \"Even though the Wildlife Protection Act was implemented in 1972, there is very little awareness among the people about the Act,\" he added.Earlier on Monday, Chandaka Wildlife Division personnel had recovered three turtles from a city hotel near Kalinga Hospital. \"We got a tip off and after raiding the hotel, we found the turtles kept in a water tank. The forest department would serve a notice on the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation to cancel the licence of the hotel,\" the honorary wildlife warden of Khurda district, Subhendu Mallik, had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16271634", "title": "Lewis Hamilton set to scorch Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Here's something to cheer for all motor racing enthusiasts in the city. Formula One ace Lewis Hamilton will burn rubber in his race car on the evening of September 16, just a week ahead of the Singapore Grand Prix.Vodafone India is behind this first-of-its-kind initiative. \"We are really excited that we are bringing Hamilton to India. The street race experience in Mumbai will be an exclusive event, like F1 fans witness in the races in Monaco and Singapore,\" said Marten Pieters, MD &amp; CEO, Vodafone India. Hamilton will enthrall the crowd in his Vodafone McLaren Mercedes MP4-27 car on a prominent Mumbai street, which will imitate the look of a Formula 1 race track, complete with a grand stand and pit garage.\"I always love coming to India and am really excited to be coming to Mumbai this time. I had a wonderful experience in Bangalore last year and I hope the excitement will be faster, smarter and better in Mumbai,\" said Hamilton.Last year, Hamilton had visited Bangalore for a similar promotional feature, where he burned the rubber on a high-speed corridor. Mumbai also saw a similar promotional drive in 2009 when F1 driver David Coulthard had cruised down the Bandra-Worli sea link in his racing car.As a countdown to the event, the organisers have kick started 'Speed Up Mumbai', where the general public can tweet their opinions on what it takes to speed up the city at #speedupmumbai. Over 500 people have already tweeted on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "sivakasi (tn)", "code": "16277331", "title": "Sivakasi fireworks tragedy: Toll touches 39, five arrested", "text": "SIVAKASI (TN): Five persons were arrested on Thursday in connection with the devastating fire at a cracker manufacturing unit at Mudhalipatti near here, even as the toll mounted to 39 with three more persons succumbing to burns.The arrested were four persons who had taken the Omshakthi fireworks factory complex, where the fire broke out, on lease and its foreman, police said.Three more persons succumbed to burn injuries today, taking the the toll to 39, district revenue officer R Raju said.The condition of over 40 of the 70 people injured was stated to be serious in various hospitals.The licence of the factory was suspended only two days ago prior to the accident and the entire products had been stored in a godown against rules, according to officials.The fire that broke out when workers were mixing chemicals to make fancy fire crackers was so intense that the factory and 48 sheds in the complex exploded in flames, trapping many in the raging inferno.A factory official said 300 persons were at work at the unit at the time of the mishap.Cracker units at Sivakasi, accounting for 90 per cent of firecracker production in the country, function at 'breakneck speed' ahead of the Deepavali festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16274597", "title": "Petition says govt cannot nominate Victoria Technical Institute members", "text": "CHENNAI: A long-standing practice of the 'Government of Madras' nominating five members and honorary president to Victoria Technical Institute (VTI) has been questioned in the Madras high court. The VTI, which is more than 125 years old, is one of the oldest handicrafts societies in the country.The petition by the honorary secretary of VTI A Nageswaran came up for hearing before Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar on Wednesday. The petition was submitted on behalf of the state government that former judge of the Madras high court, Justice A Raman, has been appointed honorary president of the society. The case has be adjourned for further hearing on Friday.In his petition, Nageswaran contended that three IAS officers and two deputy secretaries of the government had been appointed as nominated members of the VTI by a handlooms, handicrafts, textiles and khadi department order dated February 20, 2012.Seeking to quash their nomination to the VTI governing council, the petition said the body cannot nominate members and president to the council. \"There is no government called 'Government of Madras' in existence. The society was formed when the composite state of Madras existed and its jurisdiction extended to the whole of south India,\" it said, adding that the government of Tamil Nadu cannot violate the provisions and nominate members of the committee.Noting that the affairs of the society shall be managed by the 15 life members who are eligible to vote alone, the petition claimed that the government members wanted to take control of the society for reasons best known to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16272892", "title": "Solar fences stop crop damage in Chanda villages", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: For villages of Rampur and Kem villages, the age old practice of keeping overnight vigil in their farms to ward off intruding animals has become a thing of the past. Farmers now sleep peacefully, as solar powered fences installed by the forest department around farms guard their standing crop.The fence delivers a mild but effective electric shock to animals that may happen to come into contact with it. This first-of-its-kind pilot project in Maharashtra has proved to be a boon for farmers troubled with the heavy crop damages due to intrusion of herbivores from the forest.Joint forest management committee (JFMC) maintains the solar powered fence in the villages. JFMC members makes sure that no saplings grow along the fence or any branches touch it, thus carrying earthing to the ground. After the crop is harvested, JFMC will collect Rs 500 from each beneficiary farmer for maintenance the fence.\"There has been no incidence of crop damage due to intruding wild boars, spotted deer or nilgai this year. The carnivores pursuing these herbivores too have stopped intruding into our land,\" said JFMC head Gunwant Dakhare of Kem.\"The fence covers around 300 acres of agricultural land of around 25 farmers in village. As our village is located on the fringe of the forest, the fence also protects the crops of adjacent village,\" said Rampur JFMC chief Anand Bahure. More than 300 hectares of agricultural land of Rampur and Kem is protected by the fence.The fringe forests areas in Chandrapur are at the centre of man-animal conflict, thanks to the healthy population of herbivore and carnivores in jungles here. The issue of crop damages due to intrusion of herbivores in fringe areas had gained prominence in the last few years. Cases of crop damages due to herbivore are on rise in Chandapur division. Year 2010-11 had witnessed 1,159 crop damage cases, while the figure rose to 2,889 in year 2011-12.Even though the forest department compensates for the crop losses, farmers still had a feeling of grudge against the wild animals leading to conflict. To deal with the issue, DCF, Chandrapur forest division, P Kalyan Kumar decided to take up a pilot project of solar power fencing in four villages. Solar powered fences of three km each have been installed around the agriculture land of Rampur and Kem in Warora (non-buffer area) and Pandharwani and Nimbala villages in buffer area of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve.This eight foot high fence is supplied with low voltage electric pulse powered by solar photovoltaic module. Any herbivore trying to intrude through this fence is stunned due to electric shock, but it is not fatal. \"Since the solar powered fence is installed in four villages, no case of crop damage has been registered there. It has also helped us in mitigating man-animal conflict, as farmers tend to install wire traps at farm boundaries to thwart intruding herbivores. In many instances, big carnivores like tiger and leopard have died of being trapped in such snares,\" Kumar explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16273235", "title": "Marriage registration office goes digital", "text": "RANCHI: With the computerization of the marriage registration office, married couples can now avail of a duplicate marriage certificate on immediately approaching the registrar.Registrar Baibhav Mani said, \"It used to be a time-consuming process earlier. If someone wanted a certified copy of their marriage certificate, s/he would have to wait for long as the details would be available only in the hard copy. As a result, people had to do many rounds of the registration office before they could lay their hands on a copy of the certificate. Once the system got digital, it has become much easier to retrieve data and now people can get the certificate on their first visit itself.\"\"Online does not mean internet but intranet,\" said Mani. Explaining the concept, he added, \"It is not that people can register for marriage sitting in any part of the country. We have an intranet system where all records are uploaded and collected in the main server. The main purpose of making the system online is data retention.\"The online system became operational on August 16. Since then four to five marriage registrations are being done online on a daily basis. Mani said, \"The procedure is the same for registration. People have to come to the office and fill up a form. After that, we issue a public notice and if no one objects to it, we register the marriage and give the couple a marriage certificate.The moment a couple is registered, a photo is taken on the spot and sent to the main server with other details. On the 30th day, the couple can come to the office and collect the certificate.\"The computerization of system has made things easier for both the staff of the office and the couples.\"The data is now retained in the main server instead of the office and can be retrieved immediately when the need arises. Earlier, the procedure would take many days,\" Mani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16273122", "title": "Korn concert goes off peacefully", "text": "GURGAON: When it comes to heavy metal, the louder it gets the better it is. This 'wall of sound' is what gives character to a gig within the venue. And outside the venue, it makes random passers-by stop over and ask around, with unbounded curiosity , 'which band is playing here?' This Wednesday evening, the venue was Gurgaon's Leisure Valley Park, and the band was the famed nu-metal act, Korn, performing for the first time in the country.This was the first big metal gig here after last year's grand fiasco featuring Metallica . The show had to be cancelled, after which madness ensued. The crowd was so huge that the front barricades broke, leading to what the organizers called a 'security situation.' The event was called off and the rampaging mob went to town, vandalizing anything in its sight.The heavy police presence at the venue before the Korn concert on Wednesday showed that the authorities hadn't forgotten that October night. \"We have some 500 police personnel in and around the venue. We have police on all the four sides of the park, on all the entry gates, and in all the sections inside,\" said a cop standing at the entry gates. The organizers had also hired private security to tackle the crowd - expected number, some said, was somewhere between 6,000 to 9,000.Although the final turnout appeared to be thin. For a metal gig, there was just too much of breathing space throughout, except for the front area, which became packed half way through the show. Apart from the fancy 'platinum' seating area where each ticket cost Rs 16,000, the crowd was segregated into 'premium' and 'general' sections. And minutes after Korn took to the stage, people in the general section were seen vaulting the barricades, and even dismantling a metal slab or two, to get through to the front.Sometime later, almost everyone from the general section was down at the front, as the security people, having tried in vain to stop the crowd, finally relinquished. The side partitions were removed letting everyone from the general section to the front area. \"We tried stopping them, but most of them hopped over the barricades, and one of the barricades on the left side was even pushed down. People ran right through to the premier area,\" said Dinesh Pandey, a security guard with Tops Security, who was posted inside the venue. At the end of it, the entire general section was empty, while the premier section was only half filled.Fans of the two-time Grammy winning band arrived mostly from Delhi, with few locals around. Senti Jamir, a student from north Delhi, said that he was expecting a bigger audience. \"I thought there would be more people here. But still, I think it is good. It is a great experience nonetheless.\"After Gurgaon, Korn plays next in Bangalore on September 9. A third gig was scheduled in Mumbai for September 7, but the organizers of the show, Mooz Entertainment , say that it has now been cancelled. \"We regretfully announce that the Mumbai concert of Korn has been called off. The decision was made due to unavoidable circumstances that have largely been driven by incessant rains over the last few days in Mumbai,\" according to an official statement. The company will be reimbursing those who have already bought the tickets.As for the Gurgaon event, things went smoothly. \"It was a very good show. The crowd was nice and they were having a great time. The overall response was very positive. I think the turnout was also fine,\" said a representative of Mooz Entertainment. The company couldn't provide the exact number of attendees by Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16275014", "title": "Rs 1.7cr siphoned under CBI\u2019s nose", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central Bureau of Investigation officers, busy investigating mega scams across the country, seem to have left their own backyard unguarded. In an embarrassing rip-off, a data entry operator was found to have illegally withdrawn Rs 1.67 crore in instalments from the official salary account of the country's premier investigation agency.The man dared to defraud the agency by forging the signatures of its pay and accounts officers of between 2010 and 2012. A baffled CBI brass believes some of its own employees may have helped the accused pull off the fraud.It all started in 2010, when the agency outsourced work to a data entry operator, identified as Prashant Kumar Jha, in its pay and accounts office (PAO). According to sources, Jha found out that the agency's official salary account in State Bank of India had funds running into crores with no proper records being maintained.The data operator allegedly roped in some persons known to him and opened fake bank accounts to transfer some of the money.Jha, who has been arrested by CBI along with seven other accused, forged the signatures of two CBI officers in PAO, Balbir Singh and Abhay Singh, and started making cheques ranging between Rs 7 to 9 lakh.\"He did not make any cheque of Rs 10 lakh or above as he knew that two signatories are required for that,\" said a CBI officer.From 2010 to 2012, Jha allegedly forged 21 cheques, through which Rs 1.67 crore was transferred into the accounts of his accomplices. The theft came to light when the agency recently noticed a lot of money had disappeared from its salary account.Investigations led to Jha and he was arrested. His accomplices were identified as Amit Ranjan Mishra, Pawan Kumar Mishra, Amol Kumar Rai, Nand Lal Ram, Mahender Khukri, Jolen Khess and Jitender. They were all taken into custody and questioned. The agency also reportedly carried out searches in Bihar.All eight accused have been charged with cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy. CBI has so far recovered about Rs 67 lakh while there's accounting for Rs 1 crore, which the agency believes has been invested in properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16278797", "title": "Chef Vikas Khanna on food and fitness", "text": "One of the sexiest chefs on television, Vikas Khanna loves cooking, but he also loves keeping fit.He has cooked for celebrities and presidents from different countries, won several titles and awards, and built an empire from scratch in the Big Apple, but today he takes some time out to give us his fitness mantras. Along with how he maintains that sexy body, he also tells us about his idea of a perfect (and healthy!) dinner date.Most chefs are on the stouter side, yet Vikas Khanna has a great physique even after trying and tasting food from all over the world. He confesses, \"I'm very disciplined when it comes to eating and working out. I generally workout 6 hrs a week, plus 2 hrs running.\"Even though Vikas Khanna travels and tries out local food he follows a healthy meal routine: \"I'm generally on a high protein diet. Egg whites, lots of daals and sprouts, grilled chickens. One very important rule is that I never eat past 9ish pm.\" But there are times when he cannot escape unhealthy food, \"Once I had to cook an entire meal around Foie Gras for BMW and I had to keep on tasting it all day long.\"A chef's kitchen reveals a lot about him. Vikas let's us in on the five most healthy ingredients he has in his kitchen - Boiled eggs, protein bars, lots of fruits, dry fruits and sprouts. Did you know his favourite comfort food is 'rich creamy chicken tikka masala?'Most women would agree, he is definitely the Indian variant to Take Home Chef, while most men would love to be him and serenade their lady love with his kind of food. So what is a dinner date with Vikas Khanna like? Without revealing much, he coyly shares a dating tip, \"I generally decide on the menu after I understand the person's beliefs. It's even more important than the cooking itself. Generally I keep it very simple and prepared.\"Does he believe that there is a common perception about Indian food being too oily, too spicy and/or too sweet? \"It's true that the perception of Indian cuisine is sometimes all this. But I consider India's home cuisine extremely Healthy. I tend to focus on that style more to create a balance.\" says Vikas.We read and loved his book Flavors First, especially its take on simple and healthy food. So what can we expect from his next endeavour, 'Cooking for Life?' \"Generally, when I host big events around US or the World, I love to document the recipes cooked and served. So, not only does it keep the work-talent alive, but also supports an on-going support of the cause. Cooking for Life, will be in India next year.\" Quite a wait for his Indian fans!Read more Personal Health, Diet &amp; Fitness stories on www.healthmeup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16275248", "title": "Special event to commemorate Hindi Day today", "text": "Mangalore: All India Radio, Mangalore, under the aegis of Town Official Language Implementation Committee , Mangalore, is organizing 'Indradhanush', a special programme in connection with Hindi Day at the Town Hall on Thursday. Tridhara, magazine of TOLIC will also be released on this occasion. Excerpts of recordings of the programme will be broadcast on AIR on September 14 on the occasion of Hindi Day celebration. G Ramesh Chandran, deputy director, engineering, AIR, said Sangeetha Balachandra and Mounesh Kumar Chavani, staff artists of AIR, Mangalore, will present bhajans as part of the cultural programme. Jithesh, disciple of famous Ghazal singer Anup Jalota, will sing ghazals while Saraya Bala Yakshagana Kendra, Mangalore, will perform Yakshagana in Hindi. These cultural programmes will be for two hours after the formal stage function. Oscar Fernandes, MP and chairperson, parliamentary standing committee on human resources development, Nalin Kumar Kateel, MP, will deliver the inaugural message. G Jayalal, additional director general (Southern region), AIR and DD, Ashwani Kumar and Amar Lal Daultani, executive directors, Corporation Bank, and PS Baliga, general manager, Corporation B and will be the chief guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-06"}
