{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887946", "title": "Notorious criminal detained", "text": "NASHIK: Notorious criminal Chetan Waghmare, who was wreaking havoc with his illegal activities in the Nashik Road, Upnagar and Jail Road area of the city has been arrested under the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities Act (MPDA) and sent to the Cetnral Jail, informed Deputy Commissioner of Police, DS Swami.This is the first time that an action has been initiated against a criminal under MPDA in the city.Chetan Waghmare, was detained under a combing operation in the city. Police informed that Chetan Waghmare is an infamous miscreant from the Nashik Road area of the city. He has been involved in many offences like torching vehicles, issuing threats to people by brandishing weapons, murder, riots, extortion, attempt to murder and various other criminal activities.Since people were reluctant to lodge complaints against him, he was externed from the city for two years. However, even after that, when he returned from his externment after two years, the police did not find any improvement in the conduct of Waghmare and his criminal offences continued unabated.On this backdrop, CP Kulwant Kumar had given instructions to his subordinates to take tough action against the accused. Subsequently, under the guidance of DCP DS Swami, Waghmare was arrested by ACP Sandeep Palve, Police Inspector KS Suryawanshi, API ML Pradhan and others. He has been detained and sent to the Nashik Road Police Station.DCP Swami said, \"The action against Waghmare under the guidance of CP Kulwant Kumar Sarangal gains significance as it will help in tightening the noose around criminals like Waghmare, who have become a nuisance to the society. Under the guidance of CP Sarangal, we would continue to take such strict action against criminals in the future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12888584", "title": "Kannur gives a high-5 to its SSLC students", "text": "KANNUR: It is good news for a district that has been reeling under political violence and crime. With 96.93% of the total students appearing for SSLC examination from Kannur passing the exam, the district has managed to wrest back its top position in the state. Except for 2011, the district has been number one since 2008. In 2011, the district was placed second. Out of the 256 high schools (69 in Thalassery and 190 in Kannur) in the district, 60 have registered a 100% pass.This includes 22 government schools and three special schools. It is no mean achievement that 815 students out of a total of 37,148 scored A+ in all subjects.According to the office of the deputy director of education (DDE) the result is unprecedented. The students faired well despite the fact they were faced with a daunting task of learning from a new set of textbooks based on a changed syllabus. \"It also shows that the quality of teaching is going up in the state,\" said an official at the DDE office.The Mukulam project under which SSLC students were given extra coaching by the local self government too got its share of credit. \"Under the project which was started in 2007-08, the SSLC students were given extra coaching in the evening for English, mathematics and social science. This year we have added Arabic, Urdu and Sanskrit too,\" said K A Sarala, district panchayat president. She said even the local libraries in the district played a major role in helping students pass the exam.Sarala said the parent-teacher assocations of schools and public in general gave immense support to Mukulam project.\"We give refreshments to students who come for evening class. Fund shortage was a major issue but help poured from one and all,\" she said.It seems that the district's dream run will be complete only when it attains a 100% pass percentage in the coming years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12889224", "title": "Protests against National Institute of Design on tea garden land", "text": "JORHAT: Employees of Tocklai tea garden in Jorhat district will approach the Gauhati High Court to stop the construction of National Institute of Design (NID) on the garden land. The employees and various tea organizations have also decided to launch an agitation against the government's decision.Lalsingh Tanti, a garden employee, said: \"This project will affect hundreds of families belonging to the tea community. We are not against the construction of the national institute in Jorhat, all we want is that our tea garden is not encroached upon. We have urged the district administration and the state government to change the location of NID and save our tea garden from severe damage. They have ignored our demands and are planning to occupy a vast area of our garden for the project. We have now decided to approach the court and launch a protest against the decision.\"He added: \"After a month of protests, the administration met us for a discussion on April 2 and we submitted a 14-point charter of demands. We have found out that officials are trying to bury the issue instead of taking steps to address our demands. This is a conspiracy against us and we will never allow them to do so.''Chah Shramik Mukti Sangram Samiti (CSMSS) convener Sanjoy Krishna Tanti said: \"We have no alternative other than to approach the court for justice. We have also decided to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who laid the foundation stone of the project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889974", "title": "Wait for LPG annoys Tricity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tricity is facing an acute shortage of domestic gas cylinders with the waiting period going as long as a month. \"I booked a cylinder a month ago, but it hasn't been delivered yet. The people at the agency said they are not receiving the supply from the company. I am using my relatives' cylinder now,\" says Sanjay Ahuja, a resident of Sector 16, Panchkula.\"There is no such rule asking the consumer to book the cylinder 18 to 21 days in advance, but the dealers have been following this method. A consumer should get the cylinder whenever he wants it as per the guidelines,\" says Manoj Aggarwal, a resident of Sector 21, Panchkula.Abhishek Aggarwal, a Sector 15 resident from Chandigarh, says, \"I have been borrowing cylinders from my neighbours and relatives. These dealers sell the cylinders in the black market keeping the genuine customers in fray.\" Abhishek says the eateries in markets use these domestic cylinders obtained in black rather than getting a commercial connection.\"While my neighbour got a cylinder on the spot in black, I have been waiting for a fortnight now. People would resort to obtaining cylinders in black rather than waiting long periods,\" says Diya Khanna, a Sector 21 resident from Chandigarh. \"Why would someone mind paying Rs 30-40 extra if that ensures you would get a cylinder when you want,\" she adds.Owner of a private gas agency Viraj Katyal, however, denied agencies have been distributing cylinders in black. \"The waiting period is because we don't know if a person is booking cylinders for commercial or domestic purpose.\" \"We are trying our best to meet the requirements, but the demand has increased drastically,\" said Rajshree Gupta, owner of a gas agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12889241", "title": "Assamese dancer makes Guinness record", "text": "GUWAHATI: She had to sell off her gold ornaments to raise the required capital for the Herculean endeavour through which she could pay tribute to Bengal's Renaissance man. She has already earned accolades for her performances and an invitation to perform and showcase her skills at this year's summer Olympics to be held in London is another feather in her crown.Meet Sonali Achrjee, a danseuse from Assam, who has etched her name in the prestigious Guinness World Records . Her claim to fame was performance of Rabindra dance for a mammoth 25 hours and 25 minutes, a record that was never attempted before in this category.A denizen of Hailakandi district of Assam, Sonali, along with 125 other artists, had performed four dance ballets and 150 musical compositions of Rabindranath Tagore. The entire dance repertoire was choreographed and presented by Sonali to commemorate the bard's 150th birth anniversary. The event was held at Rabindra Bharathi, Hyderabad, on February 1 and 2.The two-day non stop dance festival event titled \"Rabindra Nrityotsav\" was organised by Sonali Academy of Fine Arts, in collaboration with the Government of Andhra Pradesh , South Zone Cultural Centre, Thanjore and South-Central Zone Cultural Centre, Nagpur. It was a tribute to Tagore by the academy.\"The entire initiative took eight to nine months of preparations. I got in touch with other artists from the northeastern states, France, Japan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka . It was my passion for Rabindranath Tagore and his music that made me pursue this attempt through which I could pay my respects and tribute to them. There was only an 18 seconds break in between to change our costumes. We performed continuously otherwise. I have also been invited to perform at the Summer Olympics. A verifier from the Guiness Records, who also happened to be a member of the London Olympics Committee, saw my performence and invited me to perform in London. They will provide me with some more details later,\" said Sonali.Irrigation minister Ardhendu Kumar Dey said, \"This is a very remarkable feat and even after achieving the record, no one in Assam knows about it. She has brought laurels and glory not only to the state but also the country.\"The entire initiative was not an easy task. Sonali had to raise a huge capital on her own to attempt the record and also break the previous record which was held by MTV for the longest dance performance of 24 hours and one minute. \"The entire process cost Rs 25 lakhs and even though we received some support from the government of Andhra Pradesh, it was a Herculean task. She had to arrange the tickets and bear the expenses of the other artists as well. She had to sell some off her gold jewellery and other personal items to finance the project,\" said Satyanarayan, CEO, culture department, Andhra Pradesh.The dance items were performed in the presence of Vatti Vasantha Kumar, minister for tourism and culture, archaeology, museums, archives, youth services and sports , Government of Andhra Pradesh, and Konjeti Rosaiah, governor, Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12887248", "title": "Forest Act blamed for shrinking green cover in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Not raging fires or lack of protection, it is tribals' staking claim on forest land that has resulted in the drastic drop in Andhra Pradesh's forest cover. Hitesh Malhotra, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) and head of forest force, AP, said here on Thursday that as much as 1,65,633 claims by tribals (adding up to 4.69 lakh acres of land) had been settled over the last few years under the Recognition of Forest Rights Act (RoFR) of 2006. That apart, a whopping 10,000 hectares of forest area has fallen prey to encroachment.\"The RoFR has spelt doom for AP's forests,\" Malhotra said. He stressed on how - between 2009 and 2011 - the state had lost 84sq.km of forest cover to this Act. The Act allows tribals who have occupied forest land on or before December 13, 2005 to stake a claim over the plot.The forest chief also added unregulated grazing and steep rise in the demand for wood pulp among the state's four paper mills to the list of factors responsible for loss of 281sq.km of forest land (as per the State of Forests Report 2011).These mills, he revealed, consume as much as 22.5 lakh tonnes of pulp annually. He was speaking at an interactive session organized to discuss current developments in forest and wildlife management in the state.However, forest officials said all possible measures were being taken to safeguard the state's green cover. There are 201 base camps spread across the state along with 86 strike force teams to combat poaching. Also, procurement of vehicles for better mobility and raising of dog squads for Red Sanders areas has been taken up to aid in the effort.For fires, the department said it had erected close to 30 watchtowers to monitor the forests for signs of crisis. \"There are more such watchtowers under construction. Also, fires only deter new growth, they do not result in loss of forest cover,\" Malhotra explained.Most of what Malhotra maintains is the case has, however, been vehemently rejected by city environmentalists who complain that the department is using the RoFR Act to \"cover up\" its shortcomings. They alleged sheer negligence in protection of forest areas by authorities.Questions on the tiger population in the state had officials struggling to come up with an accurate figure. While chief wildlife warden SV Kumar said that the numbers in 2011 had dropped to 72 from 105 in 2010, Malhotra put the present count in the region of 100.\"The figure, 72, is excluding tiger cubs,\" Malhotra quickly added. The annual tiger census in the state is likely to begin on May 1.Further, officials raised serious concern over the widespread poaching of Red Sanders and said that every effort was being made to curb the illegal trade. At present, Kumar revealed, the state government has 8,000 tonnes of Red Sanders in its possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889866", "title": "2 die in separate mishaps", "text": "JAIPUR: Two youths were killed while four others injured in two separate road accidents in the Jhotwara and Kanota areas in the city.A youth, Lokesh Saini (18) was killed in a head-on collision between two bikes late on Wednesday night. Saini was returning from a marriage ceremony when his bike collided with another bike coming from the opposite direction on Khatipura Road in the Jhotwara locality. In the accident, Saini, another biker Devendra Singh (28) and two others sustained injuries, police said.Not wearing helmet proved fatal for Lokesh as he sustained grave head injuries which led to his death in the hospital. Saini was a student and a native of Khetri town in Jhunjhunu district. He was staying with his married sister in Bhomia Nagar locality.On Thursday, the traders of Jhotwara locality closed down shops in protest and demanded adequate deployment of traffic police. \"On Tuesday morning we had witnessed the accident of a biker in which a student pursuing CS was crushed to death. There is a desperate need for deploying a good number of traffic policemen in the area even at night time,\" said Kishan Lal Agarwal, a native of Jhotwara, who owns a shop at Khatipura Road.In the second incident, a person was killed while another was injured in a head-on collision between two bikes at Kanota bridge on the Jaipur-Agra highway during early hours on Thursday. The deceased was identified as Nand Lal alias Nandu (21) who worked as a contract labourer. Another person sustained minor injuries.4 die in car-truck collision on Nagaur-Nokha highwayFive people were killed when a car rammed into a truck on the Nagaur-Nokha highway in Hanumangarh district of the state. The incident took place during the early hours on Thursday when the driver of the car was trying to overtake a truck. The deceased were identified as Ashok Kumar , Tejaram, Premaram, Bhagwanaram and Nemaram and were members of the same family. They were returning from a marriage in Nokha and were on their way to Nagaur. A case against the truck driver was lodged, who managed to flee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12894331", "title": "Osama planned major attacks in Pak before being killed: Report", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden had planned to mount indiscriminate attacks on Pakistani soil before his killing in a covert US raid in Abbottabad, the documents seized by the Americans from the slain terrorist's compound in the Pakistani garrison city have suggested.The CIA shared intelligence about possible al-Qaida attacks inside Pakistan when officials of the two countries met to explore the way forward in resetting bilateral ties, the Dawn newspaper reported quoting its sources.The information was \"based on documents seized by US Navy SEALs during the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound\" in the garrison town of Abbottabad in May last year. Some details of the intelligence \"revealed that before being killed in the May 2 raid, bin Laden, along with Ayman Al-Zawahiri... and other senior leaders of the terror outfit had planned to mount indiscriminate attacks on Pakistani soil,\" the daily reported.The report further said there were \"conflicting reports about the shared intelligence.\" One unnamed participant of a meeting said CIA Deputy Director Michael Morrell had presented a dossier to Pakistani officials while another claimed the US had provided \"just a tip about what al-Qaida had been planning to do in Pakistan\" without related details that could help put the jigsaw together.The report said it was not clear whether the CIA intended to identify bin Laden's \"support network within Pakistan with the help of shared intelligence or wanted to rebuild the much-needed mutual trust for moving forward.\"The US embassy yesterday issued a special message that said American diplomats and citizens in Pakistan had been asked to be on alert in the run-up to the first death anniversary of bin Laden on May 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887907", "title": "Hearing on land acquisition postponed", "text": "NASHIK: The hearing on the Nashik Municipal Corporation's controversial land acquisition, scheduled in the Bombay High Court on April 27 has been postponed by yet another week. The hearing will now take place on May 2. Earlier the hearing was to be held on April 16.Out of the 91 land acquisition cases in the state under the scanner and that are awaiting a decision from the Bombay High Court, 27 are from Nashik and some of them could be de-reserved. The NMC has allegedly flouted norms in the land acquisition process.hese reserved land in question have not been acquired within ten years as per the rules, owing to which the owners have filed petitions in the court on the grounds that they are neither earning anything from their lands and nor is the NMC giving any compensation to them by acquiring them. Three such land acquisition cases face the threat of being de-reserved by the court in response to the petitions. The petitions have been filed under section 127 of the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning (MRTP) Act, 1966.\"Three cases have been argued in the court and have been proposed for de-reservation. The decision will be given only after discussions over some technical matters in the land acquisition process. The final hearing was to be given by the High Court on April 16 but it has been postponed to April 27,\" said an official associated with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889894", "title": "No social networking at digital library", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Accessing the digital library at Panjab University's A C Joshi library would now mean serious business, as social networking sites and personal mail accounts have been blocked. Research scholars used to line up to access academic journals at digital library, while students continued social networking at leisure, so far.Hardly a deterrent for offenders in past, even a notice put up, stating \"accessing your mails or other websites/chatting is not allowed,\" did not serve purpose.\"Blocking the sites will ensure that non-serious students do not occupy the terminals for long. Even the notice put up in past did not work. It's a big relief for MPhil and Phd students and a welcome move,\" says Chavi Garg, a PU research scholar.While this library houses a mammoth range of at least 5,000 online full text journals and more than 225 journals as part of print journals subscription, the misuse of computer terminals at digital library had been a perpetual scene in past.\"We asked the computer centre to block all frivolous sites and internet access on terminals meant for academic work,\" says Raj Kumar, librarian, AC Joshi library.Recently, a library staff during a surprise visit caught five out of 10 students accessing a popular social networking website at the digital library, while several research scholars had lined up to access the systems.\"We have been issuing warning to students. Blocking the websites is the only option,\" said a library staff member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887733", "title": "Railway job fraud busted, five held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five people have been arrested for cheating several innocent youths on the pretext of providing them jobs with the Indian railways, police said. A former Air Force employee, his wife, his nephew and a peon with a railway hospital, would lure innocent job seekers with their contacts in Rail Bhawan and cheat them of lakhs of rupees, cops said.The accused charged anywhere between Rs 5 lakh to 10 lakh from the victims. \"The accused would take the victims to the Rail Bhawanand hand over fake appointment letters to them. After extorting money from them, they would go underground,\" said additional commissioner of police (central), Devesh Chandra Srivastava.The victims were also taken to the railway hospital for medical examination and this was arranged with the help of the accused peon, added Srivastava. The accused have been identified as Narender Kumar (45), a resident of Bapa Nagar, his wife Renu (40), their nephew Manish (32), one Nakshe Lal Mishra (59) and Nand Kishore (53), who works as peon in railway hospital, old Delhi. All of them were arrested earlier this week by Prasad Nagar police.During interrogation, Kumar disclosed that he left his Indian Air Force job in the year 1992 where he worked as corporal. \"He, along with his wife and son planned to cheat unemployed people by giving them false job assurance in railways,\" said Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12892079", "title": "'Microsoft most attractive employer in India'", "text": "MUMBAI: Microsoft India today bagged the Randstad Award 2012 for the 'most attractive employer' in the country for the second consecutive year followed by Oracle India and Tata Consultancy Services .The Randstad Award 2012 was also given to Volkswagen India and Nokia India as special recognition in the auto and consumer durables industry sector, respectively.The award, instituted globally by leading HR services provider Randstad, aims to encourage best practices and to identify the best 'employer brand' in the country.Global research agency ICMA International surveyed 8,500 respondents from over 150 big companies in the country to find the most attractive employer.\"With more and more global companies entering India, we see a healthy competition not only in establishing brands but also in attracting the best skills to work for them,\" Randstad India Managing Director and CEO E Balaji said at the award function here.The findings clearly suggest that the uncertainty in the market still has an impact on the industry, due to which, financially healthy companies, long-term job security and competitive salary seem to be the top priority factors for the Indian workforce while choosing an employer, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888845", "title": "Lust, love top reasons for murder in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Love kills-and the Tamil Nadu police have evidence to prove that. The number of murders under the head 'lust and love affairs' has seen the biggest increase of 123% in last three years, from 155 in 2008 to 347 in 2011. While in the same period, the number of murders increased by only about 7%.According to police figures, family quarrels (440) and personal enmity (421) topped the list of reasons for murders in 2011. Caste motives (2) and political reasons (3) are at the bottom.Many blame the \"lack of morals and values in society\" for this. \"Even schools are not teaching moral science as a subject. They are focusing on computers. Students are learning all things apart from morals and values,\" says S Chandrabasu, retired superintendent of police (CB-CID).\"The law should be made more stringent, so that it will act as a deterrent,\" he says.Love affairs gone wrong have been among the main motives for murder in cities like Chennai, Coimbatore, Trichy and Madurai, say police.Others say the presence of a large number of women at the workplace is leading to an increase in illicit affairs. \"Women are spending more time at work than at home. They are more opportunities for men and women to mingle, increasing the chances of illicit affairs developing,\" says Preethi Manohar, counsellor at Suryah Hospital in Vadapalani.\"Many people are developing relationships at the workplace. Intrusion of western culture also plays a role. Live-in relationships have become very common. About 60% of the complaints I deal with are related to love affairs,\" says Manohar.The pattern suggests some connection with urbanization but there is no simple explanation.The number of murder cases in the state has increased by 37.12% in the past five years, police figures say. At least 1,274 murders were reported across the state in 2006. In 2011, it increased to 1,747.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12888376", "title": "Edathua church in Alappuzha gears up for annual festival", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Elaborate arrangements have been made for the annual festival of St George Forane church at Edathua in Alappuzha. The festival will begin on Friday with the blessing of the flag by church vicar Fr Kurian Puthenpura and its hoisting at 7.15 am.Vicar Fr Puthenpura said the festival would be attended by devotees from South Indian states and Sri Lanka . The church will conduct holy mass in Tamil from May 3 to 7 for the devotees from Tamil Nadu.\"The main procession carrying the statue of St George will be held on May 7 and hundreds of devotees from Tamil Nadu carrying the cross will participate in this procession. The statue will be taken out in a procession around the church and nearby areas on May 14, the concluding day of the festival,'' he said.\"As part of the festival, fireworks display will be held on May 5 and 6. Accommodation facilities have been arranged for devotees at schools in and around the church,'' he said.KSRTC will conduct special services to the church from its various depots in the district from May 3. State Water Transport Department will also operate special boats for the people of Kuttanad on festival days.The church authorities have already erected a pandal of 40,000 sq ft on the church ground for devotees and traders. The Kerala Water Authority and Edathua grama panchayat will ensure adequate supply of drinking water for devotees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12892506", "title": "SC asks state governments to frame guidelines on use of tinted glasses in vehicles", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has banned the use of tinted glasses in vehicles beyond the permissible limit as specified by the Motor Vehicles Act.The apex court has asked the state governments to frame guidelines for the use of tinted glasses for security purposes.The court was delivering verdict on a PIL seeking complete ban on the use of dark films on car windows, including the vehicles used by VVIPs, alleging that many crimes in cities were committed by people using such cars with tinted car windows.The court had reserved its judgement in the case on Monday.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar asked petitioner Avishek Goenka whether he had any statistics relating to the percentage of crimes committed using cars with tinted windows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12886835", "title": "Freak accident disrupts traffic at Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: In a freak accident on the road to Campal, near the Panaji police station, a Maruti Swift car hit the roadside railing and spun to the middle of the road disrupting traffic for around 30 minutes.The driver of the car, who had a miraculous escape, claimed his tyre burst causing him to lose control of his vehicle. The entire left section of the vehicle was damaged. A police recovery vehicle had to be called to the spot to tow the vehicle away. Luckily, there were no other vehicles near the car when the accident occurred thus preventing any casualties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887110", "title": "100 more services by 2015 as Central Railway okays terminus in Parel", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters can expect faster trains and more services on the main line by 2015 as the Central Railway (CR) authorities have approved the Parel terminus project, which will help decongest Dadar station. The authorities plan to operate at least 100 more services from Parel on the project's completion.It will cost Rs 35-40 crore to build the terminus building and elevated booking deck, while laying of additional tracks between Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) and Kurla could cost Rs 800-900 crore, which excludes cost of rehabilitation.The fifth and sixth corridor exists between Kurla-Thane and Diva-Kalyan, and the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) has begun laying the fifth and sixth tracks between Thane and Diva. However, work to take these lines from Kurla to CST is yet to begin. Once executed, express and goods train traffic will have an exclusive corridor.CR general manager Subodh Jain told TOI that they had approved the Parel project and final drawings and estimates were being prepared.The estimates and drawings will be submitted to MRVC, which is keen that the fifth and sixth lines should be up to Parel in Phase I.The project will be funded by MRVC under the Mumbai Urban Transport Project (MUTP-II).The official said they will require land, about 11 metres wide, adjacent to the existing tracks to lay the fifth and sixth tracks. A senior railway official said, \"Bringing the fifth and sixth corridor up to CST may remain a dream as there are major challenges. We will have to acquire prime land, which is time-consuming and expensive. It is logical to divide the work in phases and bring the lines up to Parel in phase I, as the challenges are not enormous.\"CR requires around 8,000 sq m of land between Sion-Matunga on the west side to lay the tracks. The official said, \"The rehabilitation of project-affected persons may not pose a major problem as the state government has extended the cut-off date for eligible slums to 2000. Moreover, it is small patch, compared to Thane and Kurla, which was dotted by slums.\"A senior CR official said, \"Work on the project should get completed by 2015. We hope to finish the tendering work for the project during the monsoons so that work on the ground can begin by December 2012.\"\"The opening up of a path due to segregation of mail/express and suburban trains will help us run 100 services from Parel,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888892", "title": "Unscheduled, extended power cuts take a toll on families", "text": "CHENNAI: The predicament that people face due to the electricity crisis in the state has turned so pernicious, it is following people to the grave.The Tamil Nadu State Electricity Board on Thursday put a family in T Nagar in a situation that no one should have to suffer. The body of a 76-year-old woman, who died at her daughter's house after attending a function late Wednesday night, was brought to her son's house in the locality early the next morning. With a day-long outage in T Nagar on Thursday and the temperature rising towards midday, the family scrambled first to get an ice box and then a generator to power the device.Thousands of families are being put to hardship because of extended power cuts, both official and unofficial, in the city. Areas like Jafferkhanpet, T Nagar, Vadapalani, Purasawalkam, Saligramamam, Choolaimedu, Madipakkam, Royapettah, Pallavaram and Velachery are among the worst hit.Jafferkhanpet and MGR Nagar were hit by a blackout on Wednesday midnight that continued into the morning and through the whole of the next day till power was restored late Thursday evening. South Boag Road and Pondy Bazaar were also left without power from Wednesday till Thursday afternoon. Hundreds of consumers in the city and suburbs face similar outages regularly.The board has officially announced power cuts for two hours a day in Chennai and four hours daily in the districts. But people in the city and suburbs face unscheduled outages at all hours, in the day and at night. \"Apart from the two-hour daily outage, we have power cuts of more than an hour, mostly in the evening. It is particularly hard for elderly and sick people and those with very young children,\" said S Narasimhan, who lives in Nanganallur.Power demand in Tamil Nadu has been pegged at 11,500MW but the state generates only 7,500MW. The board, hit by a financial crunch, has not had the funds to purchase power. Acquiring additional power from the grid has also been made impossible due to congestion in the transmission corridor.Some TNEB officials blame consumers using energy-guzzling devices like air conditioners for the power cuts. \"Overloading results in breakdown of transformers,\" a TNEB official said. \"Repair work has also been affected due to a shortage of manpower and equipment.\"Experts say populist schemes to win votes, like free power to farmers, implemented by successive governments have led the state to the precipice. Many software companies in the city have rescheduled working hours to deal with power cuts. In the districts, thousands of small companies have witnessed a drop in production and several units have had to shut down due to long power cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12890297", "title": "Count of Vij's units remains a mystery", "text": "JALANDHAR: There seems to be little coordination among different government departments to know the exact number of industrial units being run by industrialist Shital Vij and his family, even as glaring violations have come out in other units apart from the one which collapsed on the night of April 15.Even as Punjab State Industrial and Export Corporation officials have been holding that the family controls 31 units in Focal Point Extension alone and Punjab Pollution Control Board has already found 17 units being run by the family, the labour department had just three units in its notice before the factory collapsed.It has come across another unit where the labour laws were not implemented and proceedings have been initiated to file criminal complaints against Shital Vij's son.Labour inspector J P Singh said he visited the Chinar Forge Unit in Gadaipur being run by Shital's son Shitesh Vij and criminal complaints would be filed against the unit in the court. Deputy director factories has already filed a criminal complaint against this unit for not getting it registered under the factories Act, 1948, and for failing to get mandatory approvals.The labour inspector said they detected violations of the minimum wages Act, 1948; Punjab industry establishment (national and festival, casual and sick leave) Act, 1965; interstate migrate workmen (regulation of employment and condition of service ) Act, 1999; payment of wages Act, 1936 and building and other constructions workers Act, 1996.Admitting they were not aware of the number and location of Vij's other units that were not registered with the directorate of factories or industry department, he said other units would be visited once reopened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "washington/new delhi", "code": "12888844", "title": "Modi must reflect upon visa denial: Khurshid", "text": "WASHINGTON/NEW DELHI: Union law minister and Congress leader Salman Khurshid took a swipe at Narendra Modi on Thursday, saying he needed to reflect on why the US continued to deny him visa.\"Not for us to comment on US policy but it is a matter of serious concern that there is this kind of serious question mark on the personality of somebody who leads a major state in our country,\" Khurshid said in Delhi. \"I hope the person concerned will reflect upon this and think about why the world thinks so poorly of him.\"The US State Department reiterated its policy denying visa to Modi in response to questions on Congressman Joe Walsh's letter to secretary of state Hillary Clinton seeking a review of the 2005 decision. In a statement, the Indian American Muslim community demanded that the US stick to the 2005 policy on Modi's visa.Walsh had argued that \"ten years have passed since the violence in Gujarat and much progress has been made. Modi has been recognized across the world for establishing Gujarat as the most business-friendly state in India.\" He added that the BJP leader was \"widely believed to be a serious contender for the 2014 election for Indian PM \" and it was time the State Department reconsidered its visa policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12889516", "title": "Jail inmates on fast for five days", "text": "BERHAMPUR: At least nine inmates of the special jail in Ganjam's Bhanjanagar are on a fast for the last five days following a clash with another group of prisoners inside the jail.The agitating undertrials have also refused to go to hospital for treatment, even though doctors have advised them to be shifted to a medical centre.\"We are trying to convince the agitating group to call off their fast and to undergo treatment as per the advice of doctors,\" jail superintendent R N Behera said on Thursday.Led by Kulu Bhuyan, a murder accused, the nine prisoners got engaged in a scuffle with another group on April 20. At least three inmates were injured in the clash, while police registered two cases. The agitating group has asked the jail authorities to shift the rival group to some other prison house.Meanwhile, the jail authorities have shifted at least two inmates, including Congress leader Nilamani Bisoi, from Bhanjanagar to The Berhampur circle jail on Wednesday. Bisoi was allegedly involved in the clash on April 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892088", "title": "Deep inside I\u2019m a criminal, a gangster: RGV", "text": "He's the director people love to hate but not for long. Known for his controversies and not one to be scared of anyone, Ramu has made some bad films along the way but seems to bounce back with 'Department', a film on the corruption within the police system.In Department, you focus on the politics within the police department. How did you go about doing the research for the film?I'm more interested in the psychological research rather than the technical research. I like to know and observe people's psyche and what's going on in their minds. Based on that I create my characters. My characters have shades of grey because that's what people are like in real life. This film demands certain vagueness and an intrigue to the characters which I have shown. I don't care about other details.What is the USP in Department?The language of the film, the way it has been shot and the camera patterns. It's shot in a real way and has been formatted very commercially.Madhu Shalini, a known name in Tamil and Telugu cinema, is making her Bollywood debut with Department. Why dint you think of casting the leading ladies from Bollywood?I don't view actors from Hindi, Marathi or Tamil cinema separately. I see my requirement and think of suitability to the role and accordingly take a decision and cast my actors.You have cast Mr. Bachchan in Department. Has your controversy with him in the past affected your working relationship with him?I have no differences with anyone. It's too time consuming. My only business is to be in the news since I'm a filmmaker. I have no problems with anyone but it's a different thing if they have a problem with me. You should ask Mr. Bachchan this question. I can never have a problem with Mr. Bachchan. This is all created by the media.How do you always manage to cast Mr. Amitabh Bachchan so successfully in your films? What is the formula?I tell him the story and character. Simple. There is no other formula.Tell us about Mr. Bachchan's look in the film?I wanted an opposite version from Sarkar so we've shown him very crass in Department. In Sarkar he was composed, dignified and had class.Earlier, Abhishek Bachchan was supposed to play Rana Daggubati's role. Why was he replaced?Abhishek and me were in talks when the initial idea of the film was floated. But Abhishek was busy shooting and we had date problems. That's when Rana came into the picture. I know him as a person. He's tall, good looking and has the personality and build. He's a very intense person and I thought he would be the best suited for this role.You are known to make films on themes like the underworld, psychological thrillers, politics and crime. Do you plan to stick to this format or can audiences expect something different post Department? Maybe light hearted comedies?Deep inside I think I am a criminal, a gangster. I don't have the guts to pick up a gun in real life so I fulfill my fantasies by making films on such subjects. I like human stories, dirty roles and life in chawls. I like subjects on power, so for me these films work. I make films that I like and want to see, not what the audiences like because they all have different choices.You seem to be surrounded by controversies. The latest one is that the song 'Dan Dan Dana Dan' has been copied from Rajni Sir's 1983 film, Adutha Varisu. Is this true?It is the truth. We bought the rights to the song 'Aasai Nooru' from the film 'Adutha Varisu'. So where is the controversy? We have re-mixed the song. Audiences have heard the song in Tamil and now I want them to hear it in Hindi. Remixing and re interpreting songs is in vogue and that is what we are giving audiences.With 'Dan Dan Dana Dan' you seem to have launched your latest muse, Nathalia Kaur.She's not my muse but I have to say she is a very talented girl. Nathalia is actually Pooja Bhatt's discovery.What about your previous muses Urmila Matondkar and Antara Mali ? Will you cast them in future projects?Yes. If the role is suitable, I will.Are item songs important in your films?Item songs have become the face of Indian cinema. People talk more about the songs rather than the film. I asked this little girl I was shooting with (6-7 years) a while ago which was the last film she saw and she said, 'Chikni Chameli'. I mean she didn't even know that the film was called Agneepath ! That's why item songs become mandatory.You have delivered great hits like Satya, Sarkar, Sarkar Raj and Company and then there have been the flops. The most talked about is Aag. Where do you think those films failed?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12890251", "title": "Clarify on likely action against plying of sleeper buses, HC tells transport dept", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday directed the Punjab transport department to clarify what action could be initiated against the plying of sleeper buses in the state, as the Motor Vehicles Act does not provide for the registration of such buses.The directions were passed by a division bench of the high court after hearing an affidavit filed by state transport commissioner Harjeet Singh, stating that no tourist sleeper coach had been registered in Punjab as the Punjab Motor Vehicles Taxation Act had no provision for such buses. The commissioner also submitted that no action has been taken against the buses registered in other states and only those plying without paying the taxes were being challaned by the state transport authorities.The matter had reached the high court through a petition filed by one Ramesh Sharma, questioning the plying of sleeper buses in Punjab when there was no provision in the Motor Vehicles Act. Acting on the petition, the bench directed the department to clarify why such buses could not be impounded.The case will come up for further hearing on April 30.A large number of sleeper buses have been plying in the states of Haryana, Punjab and Chandigarh when most were registered in other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12886939", "title": "Madhuri as tourism ambassador of Maharashtra?", "text": "MUMBAI: Back to Bollywood from the US, Madhuri Dixit may soon have a new assignment here. The actor has received an offer to become the state's tourism and cultural ambassador and boost its image as a leading tourist destination.State officials said they were in the final stages of drafting a contract for Dixit, who would soon be requested to come on board as part of Maharashtra's promotional activities. Earlier, Gujarat made Amitabh Bachchan its brand ambassador while Bengal chose Shah Rukh Khan to highlight the state's potential.State officials said there was a lot of expectation from Dixit and they hoped to cash in on her popularity and fan base. \"What adds weight to her nomination is that she is a Maharashtrian, truly representing the culture and heritage of this state,\" said an official, adding that the state's tourism sector needed a \"desperate image makeover\" considering its tremendous potential.On Tuesday, Dixit received the prestigious Master Dinanath Vishesh Award. Her business manager, Rikku Rakeshnath, said Dixit met cultural secretary Anand Kulkarni six months ago. \"Though she has not yet signed any contract, it will be an honour for her to be a brand ambassador for Maharashtra,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887481", "title": "Sonia Vihar sub-station to bolster supply", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit inaugurated a 50MVA grid sub-station at Sonia Vihar in northeast Delhi on Thursday. Constructed at a cost of Rs 21 crore, it will cater to one of the most densely populated areas of the city and provide relief to over 1 lakh customers in the locality. Delhi power minister Haroon Yusuf, local MLA Mohan Singh Bisht and principal secretary, power &amp; finance, D M Sapolia were present at the ceremony.While dedicating the project to Delhiites, Dikshit said the government would ensure uninterrupted power supply in unauthorized colonies and added that this grid had fulfilled the long-standing demands of the residents and commercial establishments in the area. She hoped that this grid would further power the progress of the area and improve the power situation, especially in the difficult summer months. \"Electricity is an essential part of our lives. Power situation has improved in Delhi. But as there is less generation of electricity here, we should all strive to conserve electricity to the maximum extent possible,\" she said.This substation will supply power to A, B, E &amp; F blocks in Shriram Nagar, Mukund Vihar, west Karawal Nagar, Sadatpur, CRPF Camp, Sonia Vihar, the Balaji temple and adjoining areas. Commissioning of this grid will improve the power supply to the Sonia Vihar water treatment plant, which supplies water to large parts of the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887169", "title": "Despite Board of Examinations opinion, Nagpur University vice chancellor refused judicial probe", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal is reluctant to constitute a judicial panel or even an in-house inquiry to get to the bottom of the paper leak, as per sources.Members of university's various statutory bodies have called for an independent inquiry, particularly from a retired judge. In fact, even during the Board of Examinations (BoE) emergent meeting that was conducted on Monday after TOI exposed the paper leak, the members demanded constitution of a retired high court judge to probe the leak, but Sapkal was reluctant to listen to their demands, sources said.\"After the fact-finding committee headed by chancellor's nominee Sanjay Khadakkar submitted his report, there was enough documentary evidence to confirm the leak. We had even suggested a name of retired Supreme Court judge now settled in the city. But the VC came out with the draft of a police complaint even before the meeting and was not ready to listen. The members had no other choice but to accept his decision,\" senior academician and BoE member Eknath Kathale told TOI.Baban Taywade, also a management council member, said that the members had demanded an inquiry from retired judge before the police complaint was filed. \"We had suggested that after judicial probe confirmed the leak, NU should go ahead with lodging an FIR. But the administration had different plans in mind,\" he added.However, management council member Dinesh Agrawal stated that though the administration was reluctant to order judicial probe, they will raise their issue strongly during their forthcoming meet on May 11. \"NU's claims of its exam system being fool-proof are just rubbish and it is aptly proved with a series of paper leaks. Filing of police complaint is just an effort to buy time and keep things under wraps,\" he claimed.Deliberating on the need of an impartial inquiry, Agrawal, the former engineering dean, asked, \"Have they bothered to check whether all three sets prepared by the moderators and submitted to NU's confidential section were identical? Have they visited all 54 centres where BCCA paper was held to check the strong rooms? Many such leaks happened but went unnoticed due to lethargy of NU officials,\" he claimed.Another member Mahindra Nimbarte, who himself received an e-mail of leaked question paper, said that he would be writing a letter to the chancellor requesting him to constitute either a judicial enquiry or an in-house inquiry in the entire issue.Both members also said that the NU had cancelled its emergent meeting of management council schedule on Wednesday for discussing other issues. \"The administration apprehended that we might raise the issue of paper leak to corner them and hence they have cancelled it,\" they said.After TOI exposed the BCCA paper leak on Sunday, NU's fact-finding committee confirmed it. But instead of rescheduling the exam or launching a judicial probe, NU bosses decided to straightaway file a police complaint against the wishes of members of its statutory bodies, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889966", "title": "100 kids cycle for road safety", "text": "CHANDIGARH: During the week-long road safety workshop, Chandigarh police have pasted red reflectors on 1,063 cycles to make these visible during night hours. Meanwhile, under bylaws 29A of Chandigarh Cycle Rickshaw (Regulation and Control), reflectors on the front and rear of cycles are mandatory.Traffic police said 198 stickers were pasted on cycles in grain market Sector 26, 180 stickers at ISBT Sector 17, 150 at Sector 15 market, 100 stickers at Sector 22/23 light point, and 160 stickers at Attawa Chowk. Meanwhile, on Thursday, traffic police held a special seminar for school students to teach them rules of cycling on the city roads at Sukhna Lake. More than 100 school students participated in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12889238", "title": "Nagged by ex-wife, mimicry artiste gets reprieve from high court", "text": "BHOPAL: Mimicry artiste Krishna Kumar Naikar, known for his humour and wit mocking the lifestyle of high and mighty and bringing about smile on the face of his audiences is himself in trouble.This time on the home front as his ex-wife has slapped eight cases against him. The only succor for the beleaguered artiste has come in the form of the MP high court directive that dismissed his former wife's petition.Usha Iyengar, ex-wife of Naikar had moved a PIL stating that Naikar was allegedly trying to forcibly evict her along with children from her house.A division bench of high court, comprising of acting chief justice Sushil Harkauli and justice Alok Aradhe dismissed her plea on Wednesday with an observation that the disputed question of fact cannot be adjudicated in proceedings under the PIL and the remedies are available under the general laws - both civil and criminal laws. Usha had sent a letter to HC which was taken as Public Interest Litigation against her husband.Before Usha's petition was dismissed, Naikar's counsel Arvind Shrivastava told the court that his client was suffering from mental agony for the last three to four years as his ex-wife registered false cases against him and he was jailed for two months in case. \"Usha has ruined Naikar's career\", he said.Naikar claimed that Usha had extra-marital affairs with an Air Force wing commander before he divorced her. After divorce, she contacted the officer with a marriage proposal and on his refusal she lodged a case of rape against the wing commander in Nashik where he was posted, Shrivastava said.The trial court of Nashik in Maharashtra absolved the officer of the rape charges in year 2009, the counsel said.Shrivastava told the court that Usha got all the movable and immovable property of Naikar at the time of divorce in 2003 after agreeing and consenting that she will not stake any maintenance claim from the comedian as allowance for herself or children.The court was informed that eight cases had been registered against Naikar on the complaint of Usha. In four cases, the charge-sheets had been filed while in three other ones final report has been put up. One case is being investigated, state additional advocate general Prashant Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12888485", "title": "Italian naval guards encounter with 'eli' and 'kothuku'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Italian naval guards, Salvatore Girone and Latorre Massimiliano who are in Poojapura Central Jail, are developing a penchant for Malayalam thanks to Rama Subramanian aka Mony, another inmate who is serving life-term for murder.Since language was the biggest barrier for the naval guards, Mony decided to help them learn the basics of English and Malayalam to make their life easier. \"Whenever they are free and wish to spend time with me, I try to teach English alphabets. They have an Italian to English dictionary and I am impressed by their ability to grasp a new language quickly,\" a visibly overjoyed Mony told TOI during the sidelines of home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan's visit to the prison on Wednesday.The naval guardshave also managed to pick up a few Malayalam words after listening to conversation of fellow inmates. \"These days when they are troubled by mosquitoes they shout \"kothu-kothu\", similarly they have learnt to say \"eli\" whenever they spot a rat, said Mony. But Mony is quite candid when he admits that despite several attempts, he is yet to learn the Italian language. He added that he will learn a few Italian words soon.Mony, who was chosen to take care of the marines, ensures that they get their daily meals and coffee on time. At times, the Italians offer Mony their specially brewed cappuccino that they receive from outside as directed by the court in lieu of the nadan coffee which is served in prison.Impressed by Mony's dedication, the Italians have invited him to Italy when he finishes his jail term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12891969", "title": "Samsung has replaced Nokia as top mobile maker: Research", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co overtook Nokia Oyj as the world's biggest vendor of mobile phones last quarter, ending the Finnish company's 14-year run as the global industry leader, according to researcher Strategy Analytics.Samsung shipped 93.5 million handsets in the first quarter, 36 per cent more than a year earlier, and compared with 82.7 million for second-ranked Nokia, Strategy Analytics said in an e-mailed statement today. It's the first time the Suwon, South Korea-based company led in phone shipments, the Boston-based researcher said.Demand for Galaxy smartphones helped Samsung today post first-quarter net income of 5.05 trillion won ($4.5 billion), beating analysts' estimates. Nokia last week reported a 1.34 billion euros ($1.8 billion) first-quarter operating loss after handset sales slumped.Nokia had been the biggest mobile-phone maker by shipments since 1998, when the Espoo, Finland-based company took over the spot from Motorola Inc, Neil Mawston, an executive director at Strategy Analytics, said by phone today.Apple Inc is the world's third-biggest maker of mobile phones, after shipments rose 89 per cent to 35.1 million last quarter, according to Strategy Analytics.Samsung also regained the lead from Apple as the world's biggest vendor of smartphones in the first quarter.The South Korean electronics maker shipped 44.5 million smartphones in three months of the year, giving it about 31 per cent of the market, Strategy Analytics said the statement. Apple shipped 35.1 million units in the first quarter, giving it an about 24 per cent share, it said.Nokia Oyj was the third biggest, according to the statement.Samsung accounted for about 25 per cent of the global handset market by shipments, while Nokia's market share is almost 23 per cent, according to Strategy Analytics. Apple's market share is 9.5 per cent, it said.Global mobile-phone shipments rose 3.3 per cent to 368 million last quarter, according to Strategy Analytics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890460", "title": "UP government to order probe in multi-crore toilet scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after, TOI exposed the multi-crore toilet scam, the state government has ordered an inquiry. Addressing reporters, PWD minister Shivpal Yadav said, \"We will order an inquiry into the matter.\" Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhury also said that the government would look into the matter.On Thursday TOI had reported that 1.16 crore toilets in rural UP were missing. The fact came to fore through the Census data which said that there were just 55 lakh households in the state that had toilets in their premises. The revelation challenged claims made by the Panchyati Raj department that claimed to have constructed 1.71 crore toilets in the last decade (2001-11) under the Total Sanitation Campaign.Meanwhile, officials at the ministry of drinking water and sanitation said that subsequent state governments are to be blamed for the farce that Total Sanitation Campaign became in UP. It has been 19 years since the legal frame work to end open defecation was formed, but the policy framework is yet to take shape in the state. This also means that there is no mechanism to monitor the system. \"Leakages are possible only when monitoring system is weak,\" said an official. He also revealed that the ministry has decided to introduce a 'report card mechanism' to check pilferage of funds meant for the Total Sanitation Campaign.Sources said that taking a note of the report, the government has directed evaluation division of the state planning department to probe the matter. \"A team has been constituted to look into the matter. They are expected to furnish an exhaustive account on gaps in the system that led to over reporting of the facts,\" said a senior officer.When asked to comment Bindeshwar Pathak, the man behind Sulabh International, said, \"Missing links in the system are to be blamed.\" He added that 'action' goes missing in the model of scheme implementation. \"By action, I mean involvement of people who would use the system. They have to be motivated, educated and convinced to use the new system. It also refers to follow-up of the work done. We take stock of the situation of toilets we constructed in 1985 even today. This goes missing in framework adopted by the government,\" Pathak told TOI.Official in the planning department are also looking into the monitoring systems effective in other states.In a recent meeting of state secretaries, Union minister for rural development, Jairam Ramesh lauded efforts being made by Maharashtra and Haryana governments. In Maharashtra, the department levies a fine on the gram pradhan if he furnishes a fake report. The mechanism nips the problem in the budding state. Haryana on the other hand shifted its implementation strategy from the conventional top-down construction based approach (that UP has) to 'community-awareness-creating-need' model. A concurrent monitoring system helped the state achieve the target in genuine terms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12886775", "title": "HC respite for sonography clinic doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: In a relief for doctors across the state, the Bombay high court has said that officers visiting sonography clinics should record statement of the medical practitioner in case they are to be charged with violating the pre-natal diagnostic rules.Coming to the rescue of Nanded-based Dr Uma Rachewa (60), who was being prosecuted for flouting the rules, Justice A V Nirgude said that the case filed against the gynaecologist did not prima facie disclose any offence and the complaint was lodged hurriedly.\"When a competent authority visits a clinic for inspection, statement of the person against whom the case is to be filed has to be recorded. In such statement, a person would get ample opportunity to put forward his or her explanation,\" said the judge. \"The authority should consider each case on its merits, examine it meticulously, preferably with the help of a legal advisor and then file complaint in the court.\"The court noted that in Rachewa's case, \"necessary care was not taken and the case was filed hurriedly, without examining its strength\". Rachewa, who runs a maternity hospital, was booked under the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection Act) in March 2011. She was accused of not maintaining proper records, writing \"NA\" on many forms and not putting up a combined board indicating that sex determination tests were not conducted at her clinic.The court noted that the \"NA\" was written in columns which were not applicable in the particular case. Further, though the clinic had two separate boards, the authorities insisted on a combined board. The court also observed that no opportunity was given to the doctor to explain why an old record was not available.\"The staff assigned for inspection must ask the doctor, who is likely to be made accused, as to what had happened to that part of the record. The petitioner could have certainly answered this question. If such answer is not found satisfactory, only then the doctor and in this case the petitioner could have been accused of committing contravention of the provisions of the law,\" said the judge, while quashing the case against Rachewa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12889384", "title": "Government returns arms seized from NSCN-IM", "text": "DIMAPUR: The government handed over four weapons, ammunition and other items of the NSCN (IM) to outfit on Wednesday evening, soon after the outfit returned the five weapons and ammunition belonging to 29 battalion of Assam Rifles on Tuesday.According to NSCN (IM), the guns and ammunition, which were seized by Assam Rifles on different occasions from the card holder officials of the outfit, were released by the court on Wednesday afternoon and were handed over to them by the ceasefire monitoring group officials in the ceasefire monitoring cell office at Diphupar in Dimapur.The weapons include two AK-56 rifles, one M20 pistol, one 9mm pistol, 44 rounds of 7.62 ammunition and 4 rounds of 9mm, 20 live rounds of 7.65 SLR, a bulletproof vest, 4 mobile phones, Rs 1,799, 18 sets of camouflage uniforms, four pairs of jungle boots and two tumblers.These weapons were seized from Rev Puni Mao, who is a red-card holder of the outfit and is authorized to travel with two bodyguards carrying weapons, Karaibo Chawang and \"Col\" Yaritio,. The latter are white card holders, who are authorized to travel with one bodyguard carrying one weapon.The NSCN (IM) officials said although these weapons and other items were released, they are yet to get back one laptop that was seized by Assam Rifles. They added that all these items were seized from the residence of their officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12888322", "title": "Revival plan on schedule, says Dhanlaxmi", "text": "KOCHI: Private sector lender Dhanlaxmi Bank has said that the revival/turnaround plan for the bank that is currently ongoing has been well received by its investors and shareholders. \"The revival plan is working out to precision,\" the bank's MD P G Jayakumar said on Thursday.Thrissur-based Dhanlaxmi Bank has seen rising salary costs and plans some staff cuts after suffering operating losses over the last two quarters. \"The revival plan has a rightsizing component to it which will be carried out in the next few weeks,\" Jayakumar said, without elaborating on the extent of rightsizing planned at the bank.The bank, which currently has about 3,700 people on its rolls, is looking to slash salary costs by up to 40% in the current fiscal, Jayakumar said. Employee salary cuts in the 30-40% range have already been carried out.Industry observers have said that staff reduction of 20-30% could be effected by the bank over the next few quarters. Another component of the revival plan is to cut down surplus office space at the bank's different locations. \"We are vacating eight offices where we face the problem of excess space, and transferring the staff to other locations,\" he said, denying that any branch offices would be shut down in the process. \"We will not shut down even an ATM,\" he added.As part of the revival plan, the bank is also shoring up its capital base, which currently stands at around Rs 950 crore. Roughly Rs 200 crore will be raised in Tier II capital in the first quarter of 2012-13 followed by a second capital raise of about Rs 200 crore by way of Tier I capital (or core capital). The bank has identified for the Tier II capital raise.The additional capital raise is expected to push up the bank's capital adequacy ratio ( CAR), which was 9.88% as of February 15 this year, to 10.5-11%. Besides, it will strengthen the bank's competitive footing and put the revival plan into action.Jayakumar said the bank would be able to achieve its priority sector lending target of 40% this year as stipulated by the RBI. The bank's current loan target for the priority sector is about 33%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12888375", "title": "Noida to get first cord blood bank next year", "text": "NOIDA: The city is all set to get its first cord blood bank and research centre next year. Rotary Blood Bank has begun work the project which is estimated to cost around Rs 7 crore. The centre would offer the facility of storing stem cells at rates lower than other such banks in the NCR. Rotary Blood Bank is also formulating an awareness programme to educate more number of families about the importance of storing stem cells of children after birth.\"At present, we are working on building the storage facility,\" said Dr Sameer Kumar, MD, Rotary Blood Bank. \"Cylinders containing liquid nitrogen are being installed, since cord blood needs to be stored at 140 degrees Celsius below freezing point. It would take at least 11 months to complete the project,\" said Kumar.Around three doctors and 10 technicians would manage the centre once it is operational. \"Cord blood banks in the NCR charge amounts in the range of Rs 50,000-80,000 for storing stem cells, but we are working towards offering the same facilities at lower rates,\" said Dr Kumar. The research centre would work on devising new techniques to reduce chances of infection in stem cells before transfusion.Umbilical cord blood is that blood which remains in the placenta and in the umbilical cord at birth. Cord blood contains stem cells, and if stored properly, they can be used several years later to treat hematopoietic and genetic disorders of the individual whose blood is stored.\"The awareness programme focus on educating parents about the advantages of storing cord blood in a bank,\" said Dr Kumar. \"We also have tie-ups with several hospitals in the city and use the network to help educate parents about these advantages,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12888758", "title": "Kisan credit card drive in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: The administration here has launched a special campaign to provide agricultural loan to all farmers of the district under the kisan credit card (KCC). The entire administrative machinery has been engaged to do the job, which aims to cover 93,000 farmers before the onset of the kharif season.A district level workshop, chaired by DC Rahul Sharma , and attended by all senior authorities, bankers and agriculture officers, discussed the strategy to meet the biggest ever target under the agriculture finance here. From Friday, block level training will be organized and forms will be generated by Krishak Mitra and village level workers (VLW) and then the block offices will forward them to different banks. \"An easy-to-fill application form has been prescribed to get KCC benefit and no land possession certificate will be required for up to Rs 50,000 loan,\" said DDC Punai Oraon.\"At least 600 farmers will be provided with KCC loan,\" he added.\"The objective of the campaign is to promote farming, which provides livelihood to a large chunk of rural population,\" Oraon said. He added that 61,000 farmers have been given KCC in this agro-dominated district in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12889490", "title": "French woman found dead in Puri", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 27-year-old woman from France was found dead in a rented house in Puri on Thursday. Based on prima facie investigation, police said the deceased Sarah Michelle Carbowski committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling in a room.\"The motive of the suicide is not known yet. She did not leave any suicide note. Our investigation is on,\" said Puri SP Anup Sahoo.Sources said Sarah, who worked in a goatery in France, was married to a Puri-based restaurateur Lalatendu Jena three years ago. Police sources said the couple married in a lower court in Puri on March 13, 2009. They were staying in the rented house at Srikhetra Colony where she was found dead.Puri Sea Beach police station inspector A K Dhar ruled out foul play behind her death. \"Her husband denied any family discord or hostility between them. We have informed the France embassy about the unfortunate incident,\" Dhar said.Lalatendu was not in a position to speak to the media. Sources said he left the house around 8 am. \"She was in the house and in a very good mood. When I returned home in the afternoon, she did not respond to the door bell. I looked through the window and found her hanging,\" Dhar quoted him as saying.Sources said Sarah used to live in Puri on X-type multiple entry visa. The X-type visa is given to a foreigner , whose spouse or children are of Indian origin or Indian citizens. She had last come to Puri on November 3, 2011. \"She had a valid passport and visa,\" Dhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12889285", "title": "Police-public clash in Silchar, 30 injured", "text": "Silchar: At least 30 people, were injured in a clash between locals and police on the premises of the election office here on Tuesday. A few police personnel were also wounded in the violence that broke out over the alleged rigid rules for obtaining bar-coded biometric ration cards (BRC).Sources said hundreds of people queued up in front of the election office since morning on Thursday for getting certified copies of electoral roll of 2008, a necessary document to apply for biometric ration cards. Due to heavy rush of applicants over the past few days, election officer (Cachar) R K Laskar ordered the officials to issue electoral rolls only by \"verifying\" the same. However, in the absence of Laskar, election officer-in-charge B K Sharma on Thursday ordered that \"certified copies\" of the electoral roll is a must for BRC and simply the \"verified\" one would not do. And to get the certified copies, one has to apply to the election officer first and get the roll after a gap of three days only.This angered hundreds of applicants standing in the queue since early morning. At 11.15 am, they started pelting stones, targeting the election office and policemen on duty and also smashed window panes and glasses of the office. Some policemen and employees of the election office were wounded as the stones hit them. Police wielded batons to control the unruly mob, injuring at least 30 people, four of them critically.A source said the critically injured have been identified as Mayarun Nessa Laskar, Biju Das, Shukla Das and Jolly Deb Roy, all applicants of BRC. They have been admitted to Silchar Medical Collage and Hospital by 108 ambulance.When the situation flared up again at 12.20 pm as the irate mob started pelting stones, policemen, led by SP (Cachar) Diganta Bora, rushed to the spot and brought the situation under control by using force. DC (Cachar) Harendra Kumar Dev Mahanta said certified copies of electoral roll of 2008 is a must for application of BRC. He said in Silchar sub-division alone, there are 34,768 ration card holders in urban areas, and, in rural areas the number is 264, 397. Besides, 19,000 additional application forms have been issued for BRC, he said.The DC said the launching of BRC should be completed by October this year and it will help check corruption related to subsidized commodities which are sold at fair price shops. The BRCs will also remove the problem of bogus ration cards. The BRCs will bring a sea change in the public distribution system, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892998", "title": "Billa 2 girl to tie the knot?", "text": "Rumors are rife that the Brazilian beauty Bruna Abdullah is getting ready to tie the knot.The actress was seen in a couple of Bollywood flicks and now has the Ajith starrer Billa 2 gearing up for release. With this film's shooting over, Bruna has decided to tie the nuptial knot, say sources.It is rumored that Bruna and a Bengali guy are in love and the two intend to walk down the wedding aisle soon. Bruna is reported to have introduced her beau to her family in Brazil and they are happy with her choice, adds our source.Looks like the Billa 2 girl may tie the knot soon after film's release.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888623", "title": "Woman killed, 3 hurt as balcony collapses in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The balcony wall of a second floor flat at the Tamil Nadu Housing Board apartment complex in Manali New Town came crashing down on Thursday, killing a woman and injuring another woman and her two children. The deceased was on the ground floor. The injured have been admitted to the Stanley Medical College Hospital.Around 10.30am, police said, Pularasi alias Nayagam (48), a maid, had returned from work and was standing outside her ground floor flat as there was a power cut in the area in the morning hours. Above her, Chitra (25) and her children Darshini (5) and Meera (9) were standing in the balcony of their second floor apartment. Suddenly, the balcony wall collapsed and came crashing on Nayagam killing her on the spot. Chitra suffered a fracture to her leg.Nayagam, who was staying with her daughter Devi and grand-daughters Kalpana, Sandhya and Gayathri, was the sole bread-winner of the family, police said. Nayagam's elderly mother also stayed with them. Devi had been deserted by her husband. Nayagam's husband Murthy died three years ago in a fire accident at the factory in which he worked.Residents said three years ago a woman named Rani died in a similar accident just three buildings from where Nayagam was crushed on Thursday.Sources said that not many owners stayed there and most had let them out for rents ranging from Rs 700 to Rs 900 a month. Every flat in the building, built in 1985, was in bad shape, they added. A visit to the spot showed rusted iron rods jutting out of run-down buildings. \"A few days ago, the authorities cautioned some owners about the bad state of the buildings but we were not informed,'' said Kalavathi, a resident.Others were angry with politicians who had made promises before the elections that the buildings would be repaired. \"If not for the voters from this area which has over 10,000 votes the candidate could not have won,\" said Senthil Kumar, a resident.Some residents urged the government to provide compensation to Nayagam's family which was in dire straits. \"They don't even have money for the next meal or the funeral to be held on Friday. It is heart-wrenching,\" said some neighbours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888585", "title": "Delhi govt does U-turn on helmets", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after it assured the high court it would consider amending the rules to make it mandatory for women two-wheeler riders to wear helmets, the Delhi government on Thursday did an about-turn.The transport department said the motor vehicle rules make it optional for women to wear a helmet and it intends to keep it that way. The rules apply to both pillion riders and those driving a two-wheeler, it said.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit and transport minister Arvinder Singh discussed the helmet issue at a meeting on Thursday. It is learnt that they decided to stick to the notification of June 1999 which made use of helmets optional for women. An affidavit to this effect will be filed before the court, government sources said.The sources attributed the city government's stand in the high court on Wednesday to a \"communication gap\" between transport minister Arvinder Singh and his officials.They said the minister was unaware of the submissions made by the department. Lovely is learnt to have pulled up his officials for the \"gaffe\".It is evident that the government is in no mood to stir up a controversy, given the sensitivities of the Sikh community on the helmet issue.A statement issued on Thursday affirmed that \"it is optional for a woman to wear protective headgear/helmet as per existing legal provisions under rule 115(2) of the Delhi Motor Vehicles Rules, 1993\".HC had on Wednesday disposed of a PIL seeking helmets to be made compulsory for all women riders. The PIL said the government must re-examine the exemption given to women for their own safety and provided data showing lives lost in accidents because the victims were not wearing a helmet.The government has earlier shied away from taking a stand on the helmet issue. In previous affidavits filed in HC during hearings on the PIL filed by social filmmaker U R Ulhas, the government maintained it had provided the exemption for women because the central motor vehicles Act too had made helmets optional for women pillion riders. It left it to the court to quash its 1999 circular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887898", "title": "Deputy regional transport officer meets auto drivers to promote meter system", "text": "NASHIK: Deputy regional transport officer Jayant Patil on Thursday conducted meetings with auto drivers in an attempt to convince them to ply by meter and also to start operating on share auto routes.The meeting was held near CBS , where auto drivers gave a patient hearing to what the deputy RTO had to say.Speaking to TOI, Patil said that though fare by meter has been made mandatory in Nashik, auto drivers are not keen to ply by meter or as per the tariff of share autos. \"Out attempt was to convince them that fare by meter was always beneficial to them as well as the passengers.\"Patil tried to explain to the auto drivers that carrying more than three passengers in their vehicles only meant danger to their life and the lives of the passengers and unnecessary load on the vehicle, thereby resulting in more fuel consumption and wear and tear of the vehicle.He said auto drivers' fear of losing business was unfounded and that eventually, even passengers would understand the benefit and start taking autos more frequently, as fare by meter meant dropping passengers directly to their destination as compared to taking an ST bus.On their part, auto drivers brought up the issues of illegal autos and overloading in ST buses. On this, the deputy RTO said that as of today, almost all the 22,000 autos in the city were not adhering to the rules. If even 80% of autos started following the rules, the administration could concentrate on taking action on the remaining 20% and also on ST buses.Patil added that many such meetings would be held in the future to convince auto drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12887931", "title": "Yudhvir award for national child rights body chairperson", "text": "HYDERABAD: The twenty-first Yudhvir Memorial Foundation Award is being presented to Padma Shri awardee and chairperson of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), Shantha Sinha. Sinha will be in town next week to receive the award and deliver a lecture on 'Deficit child and Indian democracy'. The social activist, who is well known in the state for her work in withdrawing over four lakh children from work and enrolling them in schools, is being honored in recognition of her work in protecting and promoting child rights.The award, which comprises a citation and a cash amount of Rs 50,000, is being presented by the Yudhvir Foundation, which was formed in the early 90s to commemorate late Yudhvir, eminent freedom fighter, journalist and founder of the daily 'Hindi Milap'.Previous recipients of this award, include Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , renowned musician Pandit Jasraj, famous cartoonist Shaik Subhani, celebrated film maker Shyam Benegal and founder of 'Amar Chitra Katha' Anant Pai. The ceremony will be held on April 30, which marks late Yudhvir's birth anniversary, at KLN Prasad Auditorium, Fapcci Bhavan, Red Hills, Lakdi-ka-pul, 6.30 pm onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12887957", "title": "Mohammed Pahelwan to move Supreme Court seeking bail in Owaisi attack case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mohammed Pahelwan and two other accused in the Akbaruddin Owaisi attack case whose bail was cancelled by the high court on Wednesday have decided to challenge the verdict in the Supreme Court.According to the family sources, Mohamed Bin Omer Yafai alias Mohammed Pahelwan and the other accused did not receive the high court orders on Thursday.The sources said once the orders are received the counsels for the accused Altaf Ahmad and KV Vishwanathan would be filing the special leave petition (SLP) before the apex court challenging the high court order.The summer vacations for the apex court will start from May 14. Pahelwan said that he would surrender before the court as soon as he gets the court orders.A single judge bench of high court comprising Justice K C Bhanu had on Wednesday cancelled the bails of three accused--Mohammed Pahelwan, his elder brother Younus Bin Omer Yafai and associate Bahadur Ali Khan alias Munawar Iqbal and directed them to surrender before the concerned court forthwith.There are reports that the accused are likely to surrender either on Friday or Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888635", "title": "High court announces vacation schedules", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has announced vacation court schedules and named vacation judges for its 34-day summer recess beginning May 1.Justices C S Karnan, K Ravichandra Baabu and P Devadass will hold vacation sittins on May 3, 9 and 10. The second batch comprises Justices V Dhanapalan, B Rajendran and T Mathivanan, who will preside over vacation courts on May 16, 17, 23 and 24. The third vacation court will be on May 30 and 31, and it will comprise Justices K Venkataraman, C S Karnan and Aruna Jagadeesan.According to a notification issued by the court's registrar-general on Thursday, the following will be the filing days: May 2, 7, 8, 14, 15, 21, 22, 28 and 29.No application should be presented at the residence of the vacation judges under any circumstances, and no lunch motion would be entertained during the summer vacation, the notification said.The court is scheduled to reopen on June 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887457", "title": "Doctors say silence is golden", "text": "NAGPUR: This Wednesday saw the world go a little quiet for a whole minute. The chaos did not stop due to some sort of warning or threat but was brought about by people concerned about the ever-increasing decibel levels on the planet to mark the International Noise Awareness Day.Rising industrialization, increasing population, ever-growing number of vehicles and difficult traffic situation in the cities have long been held responsible for raised noise levels. Recognized as a form of pollution when exceeding set limits, too much noise in one's surroundings can lead to several health hazards.\"Noise pollution can lead to temporary as well as permanent loss of hearing and ringing in the ears. It has been noticed that increased exposure to noise could lead to early onset of aging,\" said ENT surgeon Dr Naresh Agrawal, who supported the event by urging people to maintain a minute of silence on Wednesday. He said several mental problems like irritability, insomnia and fatigue could be traced to noise pollution.\"The groups most vulnerable to hearing problems are industrial workers who are exposed to loud machinery noises, military officials exposed to gun firing and explosives, and traffic police exposed to blaring horns all day,\" said ENT specialist and secretary of city branch of Indian Medical Association Dr Ashish Disawal. He added that excessive noise could cause irritation and lack of focus and, albeit rarely, even psychological problems like hallucinations.\"'Noise up to 120 decibles is permissible but nowadays commercial establishments like discos and lounges play music much louder than this. Apart from natural causes like diseases, drugs and injury, such factors are responsible of hearing loss,\" said ENT surgeon Dr Dipti Jeswani. She informed that patients, especially the older ones, affected with this problem often felt aloof and depressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892878", "title": "Arulnithi says no to Ashokamithran", "text": "Arulnithi's dad and producer MK Thamizharasu had roped in director Karu Pazhaniappan of Pirivom Santhippom fame to direct a film with his son in the lead. The title for this project was announced as Ashokamithran and Arulnithi was gearing up for don the greasepaint.However, things did not pan out and Ashokamithran has been dropped. It is reported that Arulnithi is not comfortable working with Karu Pazhaniappan and the director also did not want to reveal details about the film to the producer. All this ensured Ashokamithran's termination even before taking off.Arulnithi will now play the lead role Pagal Kollai which will be directed by newbie Ganesh Vinayak.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12890248", "title": "Odisha, Bihar growing faster than Gujarat", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Contrary to Gujarat government's tall claim that the state's growth rate is highest in the country, latest statistics culled out from ministry of statistics and programme implementation (MOSPI) data suggest just the opposite.While the state government has still not handed over the data of gross state domestic product (GSDP) for the last financial year to the Government of India, its own budget documents reveal that the GSDP growth in 2011-12 over the previous year, at current prices, was 15.20 per cent.Comparable MOSPI statistics show that the all-India Gross Domestic Price ( GDP) grew in 2011-12 at 15.68 per cent (also at current prices), or exactly 0.48 per cent higher than that of Gujarat. Worse, nine major states, including backward states like Bihar, Odisha and Chhattisgarh, have registered a higher rate of growth than Gujarat. Notably, the current prices data do not discount rate of inflation prevailing during the year. The 15.20 per cent rate of GSDP growth of Gujarat is shown only in one state document - \"Statement under the Gujarat Fiscal Responsibility Act, 2005\". It was released during the recent session of the state assembly.The nine states which registered a higher rate of growth are Bihar (20.39 per cent), Haryana (17.10 per cent), Himachal Pradesh (15.34 per cent), Kerala (17.94 per cent), Chhattisgarh (15.28 per cent), Odisha 16.00 per cent), Tamil Nadu (16.04 per cent), West Bengal (16.03 per cent) and Uttarakhand (15.73 per cent).Interestingly, none of the official papers so far released by the state government show Gujarat's GSDP growth rate at constant prices, calculated after discounting inflation. Calculated at 2004-05 prices, most states have released their advance estimates (AEs) of GSDP data at constant prices, and handed these over to the GoI. The all-India rate of growth for 2011-12 has been put at 6.88 per cent.A senior government official told TOI that the state government has \"still not calculated\" the AEs of GSDP at constant prices, but added, \"We believe it will be higher than the national average.\"The official further said, the state budget document which released the AEs for current prices \"may not be exact... We haven't yet finished our calculation\", he insisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12886964", "title": "Eye damage: Floor cleaner company to pay Rs 2L", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission, while upholding a district forum order, found a manufacturer of floor cleaners guilty of deficiency in service and ordered it to pay Rs 2 lakh to a school peon whose eyesight was affected after coming in contact with the contents of one of the firm's products.The firm, R S Industries, will also pay Bhandup's Rakesh Bohat Rs 5,000 as costs.On November 9, 2006, Bohat went to a general store in Bhandup to buy a bottle of phenyl for the school where he worked. The shopkeeper showed him a bottle of a new product, Sunny Pine Fresh Green strong concentrated cleaner, which Bohat bought.When the peon opened the bottle, the effervescent liquid went into his eyes. He was taken to a hospital where doctors said harmful chemicals in the product had affected his eyes. Bohat continued to be treated and claimed that he had lost his eyesight. He further alleged that because of the loss of vision, the school terminated his services and he was now unemployed. He filed a complaint in the district forum.The company filed its reply, contending that there was a difference between a phenyl and a floor cleaner. While phenyl was used \"for the purpose of killing insects and contained hazardous chemicals\", a floor cleaner was used \"to clean floors and tiles, and did not contain any dangerous chemicals\" the firm argued, adding that the product made by it was a floor cleaner.After the district forum found the company guilty of deficiency in service, the latter filed an appeal before the state commission in 2010. The panel took into consideration the report of the hospital, where Bohat was provisionally diagnosed as suffering from \"phenyl burns in both eyes\". The panel said it directed the firm to explain the contents of the product and if it qualified as phenyl.The panel observed that it was an established fact that Bohat had bought a bottle of Sunny Pine Fresh Green cleaner and it affected his eyesight. \"The company could not give any information regarding the contents of the product, as to whether it is a floor cleaner or phenyl, or the norms laid down by the bureau of standards in respect of this particular product. So, there is clear-cut case of deficiency in service on the part of the company,\" the commission said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888692", "title": "HC upholds election of mayor, councillors", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has upheld the election of the city mayor and 200 ward councilors, removing the threat of disqualification dangling over them.A division bench comprising Justice D Murugesan and Justice K K Sasidharan dismissed a batch of public interest petitions, and a contempt of court petition, filed on the ground that the October 17, 2011 municipal polls in the city witnessed large-scale poll violence and violation of court orders.PILs had sought repoll in certain polling booths and quashing of elections. The Madras high court allowed declaration of results and assumption of office by the victorious candidates, only with a condition that their election would be subject to the final outcome of these PILs.On 2006, due to a HC order passed under extraordinary circumstances, re-poll had to be held for 99 wards in the city.On Thursday, dismissing the whole batch of PILs, the bench said: \"None of these writ petitions contains at least prima facie materials setting out the cause of action for filing a writ petition, in an election matter. The affidavits are bereft of details. There are no specific instances of rigging or booth capturing or bogus voting. There are only general allegations without any iota of proof...In case the writ petitions are allowed on the basis of such wild allegations without any kind of material proof, it would nullify the elections of the successful candidates. In a democracy, will of the people is supreme. Mandate given by the people cannot be set aside without adequate reasons.\"The judges, pointing out that in 2006 a division benchof the high court had to step in and pass orders placing heavy reliance on media reports, said such violent incidents were not reported during the elections on October 17, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888688", "title": "Govt nod for integrated vaccine park", "text": "NEW DELHI: The country's first integrated vaccine centre (IVC) - a single site that will produce six important vaccines administered to Indian children - has crossed the final hurdle.The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) on Thursday approved the Union health ministry's Rs 594-crore park proposal.Spread over 100 acres at Chengalpattu near Chennai, the park will produce all six primary vaccines used in the country's Universal Immunization Programme (UIP), besides manufacturing several new-generation vaccines.The CCEA said the complex will be the nodal centre for research, manufacture and supply of vaccines at affordable prices for the UIP. Pentavalent combination (DPT plus Hep B plus Hib), BCG, measles, Hepatitis B, Human Rabies, Hib and Japanese Encephalitis vaccines will be manufactured in the IVC.The annual capacity of IVC is expected to be around 585 million doses. The vaccines manufactured in the IVC complex are proposed to meet about 75% of the total requirement of vaccines covered under the UIP and is likely to meet the requirements of the major disease preventable vaccines in the country to a large extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12889635", "title": "Hearing in Shahi's bail plea rejected", "text": "KANPUR: The specially constituted Essential Commodity Act court, on Thursday, adjourned hearing on DSP Amarjeet Shahi's bail application and fixed May 1 as next date of hearing.Shahi had been arrested on charges of sexually exploiting the daughter of air force officer on April 18 last.Accused Shahi's first bail application was rejected by the chief metropolitan magistrate on April 21, 2012.During the hearing, the defence counsel for Shahi asked the court to summon the first statement of victim recorded under Section 164 CrPC. Countering the submission, the prosecution urged the court to summon the second statement recorded under Section 164 CrPC and bed head ticket ( BHT) of UHM Hospital, where the victim was admitted for treatment.The court adjourned the hearing and ordered to summon both statements and fixed May 1 for hearing.During the hearing, a large number of lawyers urged the court to summon accused DSP Amarjeet Shahi in the court on the next date. The court ignored it and said that the case would be dealt according to law .There was no need to summon Shahi in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12888076", "title": "Heaps of stones curb easy access to homes for more than 10 months", "text": "COIMBATORE: K Shanmugham a resident of Textool layout near Singanallur in the city wakes up every day to the sight of a heap of chipped stones to be used for relaying the roads, as he opens his door to pick up his milk and newspaper. It has been more than 10 months since the corporation contractor unloaded the stones but work is yet to begin, making it difficult for residents of the 59 homes in the neighbourhood to enter their house or remove their vehicle. However, the stones seem to provide the perfect ammunition for late night pedestrians to drive away stray dogs.\"Nobody has bothered to start the road maintenance work. We have tried several times to resolve the issue with the civic body, but they have not been responsive,\" said K Shanmugham, resident, Textool layout.The residents along with their ward councillor SM Samy claimed that they had made several attempts to ensure that the work is completed at the earliest so that they are not put in a tight spot. A 2 kilometre stretch was dug up for underground drainage work after which road construction materials were unloaded.\"Some residents finally decided to flatten the heap of stones unloaded in front of their gates so that they could take their vehicles out,\" said P Gopi, another resident.The residents say that there is inadequate space for the movement of vehicles through the lane as a considerable portion is occupied by the road construction materials. They also pointed out that the civic body had promised to complete the work at the earliest but they are yet to start.\"We do not understand the reason for the delay. I have contacted senior corporation officials but they have turned a blind eye to the ward,\" said Samy.When contacted, corporation officials in charge of the ward told TOI that the work will begin within the next 10 days and will be completed at the earliest. \"We will ensure that the road maintenance work is completed at the earliest in the layout,\" said a city corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890488", "title": "Allahabad high court: How BCCI, a private body, is availing government's benefit?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday issued notice to the Board of Cricket Control in India asking how it was availing Central government's privileges and benefits, though it is declining to be recognized as a government body in the form of national sports federation.It also asked the Centre to furnish last five years' details of grants and benefits disbursed to the for development of cricket, national game hockey and other prominent sports of the country. The court also asked the Union sports secretary to file an affidavit in this regard. The matter will come up for next hearing on May 17.A division bench comprising Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit passed the above order on a public interest litigation preferred by an IPS officer Amitabh and his wife Nutan . \"The Central government should be directed to ask the BCCI to get recognised as national sports federation and in case it declines to do so, the government should strip it of all the privileges and benefits. The Centre should further ask any other cricket association of the country to obtain recognition as NSF,\" demanded the petition.The department of sports under the Union ministry of youth affairs and sports gives recognition to sports federations every year. The department recognised 43 such federations in 2011, but cricket is not among them. \"Since, the BCCI is a private body, it denies to come under Right to Information Act, and also declines to be answerable either to the public or to the government. Even then, it is amazing how this board is framing rules for regulation of cricket in the country without any authority,\" stated the petition.The BCCI cannot send names of its players for getting national awards like Arjuna Award, Dronacharya Award etc, because according to the Central government's directives, only government recognised sports federations can send the nominations, pleaded the petitioner.The PIL also raised objections to the use of 'India' with the Board of Cricket Control in the country, as it denotes to the common man that BCCI is a government body, which it is not. It also pulled up the BCCI for naming the cricket of the country as Team India, though the government has no say in the selection of any player in the team. To make BCCI accountable and responsible towards the government and people, it is necessary that the government should have control over it by forcing BCCI to get recognition as NSF, demanded the PIL.Additional solicitor general Ashok Nigam agreed that the Centre wanted that BCCI should get recognition as sports federation, but it is not applying for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "12887882", "title": "Department of Town &amp; Country Planning cancels World Trade Centre licence, Gurgaon loses another dream", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: A consortium of five builders for the much-hyped World Trade Centre (WTC) in Sector 33 has had its renewal application rejected by the Department of Town &amp; Country Planning (DTCP) after failing to launch construction work in the last 14 years.The 11.47-acre project was approved with special concession from the cabinet of Bansi Lal, then chief minister of Haryana.With this, the dream of having a WTC in national capital region has been shattered. The consortium has also lost an amount of about Rs 35 crore, which was deposited as licence fee.According to the order, the consortium can freshly apply for other project in this area, but they would be allowed licence or change of land use certificate for just 3.34 acres, against the entire land of 11.47 acres.The project was approved when a sub-committee formed by the then chief minister had exempted the consortium from rules that imposed limitations on built-up area.The action is consequent to the final notice served to five builders - Energetic Builders Pvt Ltd, Glorious Invest Pvt Ltd, Attractive Construction Pvt Ltd, Deep Mala Builders Pvt Ltd and Neel Kamal Build Invest Pvt Ltd.In their reply to DTCP, Sanjoy Paul, Ashish Chopra and Rupa Pathania had sought five years' time, attributing the delay to late approval of its zoning plan.\"The World Trade Centre was conceived as an important project with accrual of benefits to government of Haryana, which interalia, include attraction of not only government/state agencies, but also international companies, receiving of huge amount of foreign exchange, inflow of revenue through taxes, fee charges, etc, generation of enormous opportunity for employment, substantial amount of transfer of state-of-art technology in the field of construction, communication system, education, training, trade fairs and so on,'' said DTCP the order.\"However, these benefits did not occur to the state. They only indulged in paper work. Event the construction work was not awarded to any agency till date. This case doesn't deserve any leniency,\" said T C Gupta, director general of DTCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12889522", "title": "This Muslim devout has helped resurrect Mata Kund", "text": "VARANASI: \"Yadi is kund ka jirnodhar kar diya jaye to Mata ka rina chukane ka yah pawan avasar hoga (If this kund is revived and resurrected, it will liberate people from the Mother's debt).\" This statement of Pt Madan Mohan Malviya written in a text on Mata Kund in Varanasi has become a guideline for Sikandar, a 40-year-old resident of Lallapura area, who is not only making untiring efforts for revival and resurrection of the mythologically significant kund, but also spreading the message of communal harmony in a pre-dominantly Muslim area in the city.A staunch Muslim, who offers namaz five times a day, he never forgets to open the temple premises near the mythological kund in the morning. The man, who is also a hawker (pheriwala) dwelling in Lallapura area adjacent to the kund, also keeps the keys of the temple, making it a point to open it on time ecery day. He cleans the floor of the temple and also offers prayers besides participating in the aarati of various deities including Lord Shiva, Lord Hanuman, Goddess Durga and Sai Baba, with their idols set up on the temple premises.\"The holy path shown by the Almighty goes the same way and religion should not come in the way of offering service to mankind. It all began spontaneously in 2004, when local people joined the drive to revive and resurrect the mythological pond. Though some resistance came from people of my community and also from some Hindus of the area when I joined the movement, it did not deter my determination to revive the mythological kund. Now, the growing confidence of local community in me is immense and people do not hesitate to give me the keys of the temple,\" said the man, who also provides the service of dhol tasha (musical band) for wedding functions.It may be mentioned here that the significance of Mata Kund has been mentioned in the Skanda Purana (246th shloka), where the kund has been attributed equal significance along with Pitarkund and Pishachmochan in the old Kashi Khand, the part of millennia-old city. While a holy dip in Pitarkund is believed to provide salvation to the soul of forefathers, the Mata Kund is known for providing salvation to the soul of maternal side in the family. It is also believed that after taking holy dip in these kunds located adjacent to each other, the salvation of soul (paternal and maternal side) is achieved with Pind Daan (donating rice balls) in Gaya (Bihar).Showing the historical text written by Pt Madan Mohan Malviya, founder of Banaras Hindu University , in his own handwriting about the significance of the kund on March 10, 1938, Babu Surendra Singh, one of the key members of the Mata Kund Sewa Samiti, which initiated the movement for revival and resurrection of the kund, lauded the efforts of Sikandar, saying people like him had helped transform the kund. The water from the kund was not visible and it took intense labour and work to dig the area and store water. It would be correct to say that the kund has been revived with local support and people like Sikandar have broken the barriers of religion to transform the mythological kund.The man has not only contributed in the revival of the kund and cleaning of the temple premises, he also looks after the green cover in the form of herbal plants and flowers planted in the area. \"The entire premise is like my second home and I find immense peace in the area. Carrying out work for the service of community gives me the satisfaction and if the premise gets better look, I could not ask for anything more,\" said the man, showing his commitment and dedication for the kund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhubneshwar", "code": "12892919", "title": "Transforming lives", "text": "BHUBNESHWAR: A two-day first state conference of the Odisha chapter of Telemedicine Society of India (TSI) was held in Bhubneshwar on April 14. It was jointly organised by the TSI and Siksha 'O' Anusandhan (SOA) University.Telemedicine has the potential to revolutionise the healthcare system by overcoming the barrier of time and distance, said former chief justice of India Gopal Ballav Patnaik, during the two-day conference.\"Telemedicine has reached most parts of the world and is improving access to healthcare in remote or isolated areas, developing virtual communities that interacts and shares knowledge and enhancing continuity of care,\" he added.With not enough dedicated health professionals willing to work in rural areas, the last mile connectivity has not been achieved in the healthcare system in the country. In this scenario telemedicine has a pivotal role to play, he shared while expressing appreciation over Odisha government's achievement on having linked all districts with telemedicine connectivity.Dr S N Panda, president of the Odisha chapter of TSI, presided over the session which was also addressed by B S Bedi, president of TSI; Dr P K Das, director, Medical Education and Training; Prof R P Mohanty, vice-chancellor of SOA University; Prof B N Mohanty, secretary of TSI and organising chairman of the conference was also present.Prof Mohanty said that his university is well-placed to assist the telemedicine concept which is presently confined to medical transcription. There is need for the government, medical institutions, pharmaceutical companies, TSI and the telecom sector to join hands in this endeavour, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889666", "title": "BBA student kills self by consuming poisonous substance", "text": "JAIPUR: A student pursuing bachelor's degree in business administration (BBA) committed suicide by consuming poisonous substance in the Mahesh Nagar locality. Police said one-sided affair was the reason behind the act.The incident took place on Wednesday evening when the youth, Pawan Yadav (20), consumed some poisonous substance at Bhagwati Nagar colony in Mahesh Nagar area. Immediately after, he complained of dehydration and started throwing up. His roommates Ankit and Suresh rushed him to the Sawai Man Singh hospital for medication and also informed the police, an officer with the Mahesh Nagar police station said.Though his condition was stable initially, he died in the early hours on Thursday.When his parents arrived from Mundawar village in Alwar district to the hospital, they alleged their son was murdered and asked the police to lodge a case of murder. However, police said that the post-mortem report and other circumstances suggested the youth had committed suicide.\"It is a clear case of suicide and the two young boys who brought him to the hospital stayed with him throughout the night. There are no marks of strangulation, etc., on his body to conclude it is a murder case,\" the officer said.On being asked about the reason of suicide, Dharam Singh , an inspector at Mahesh Nagar police station, said, \"It was known through his friends and acquaintances that he was obsessed with a girl from a long time. But the girl was not interested in him and had turned down his proposal. He was feeling dejected from last couple of days and had mentioned his condition to some of his classmates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12886734", "title": "After Pawar, CM slams Centre\u2019s export policy", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after union agriculture minister and NCP supremo Sharad Pawar wrote to prime minister Manmohan Singh questioning the Centre's policy on exports, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan also voiced his concern over the policy on Thursday.Chavan said that \"quantitative restrictions on exports\" impacted prices of farm produce and did not work in farmers' interest. Hinting that he first expressed his reservations long before Pawar's letter to the PM, Chavan said that he had openly raised concerns over these restrictions during a meeting of the National Development Council, which took place in October last year.Chavan further said that he had also made his stand on the issue known to the union government, whenever the Centre imposed bans on exports of cotton, onion and other produce.The CM's stand comes a day after the NCP announced its plans to demonstrate against price rise and export policies among other things on May 16. Chavan declined to comment on NCP's decision to protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12889432", "title": "Aamir falls off stage at autowallah\u2019s son\u2019s wedding", "text": "VARANASI: Though it was well past midnight when film star Aamir Khan made his promised appearance at the low profile wedding function of the son of an auto-rickshaw driver in Mahmoorganj on Wednesday, it nevertheless created some law and order problems and a lot of jostling for a glimpse of the actor.The bouncers and police tried to keep the crowd in control but overcrowding at the venue collapsed the stage decorated for bride and groom. Aamir left the place for his hotel room around 1 am.To keep his words given to Ramlakhan Paswan alias Nathuni, an auto rickshaw driver, Aamir reached the city from Patna by road around 9.15 pm to attend the wedding function of his (Paswan) son Rajiv. Nathuni is the same auto driver who had kept the Aamir's stay in city in 2009 a secret and also helped him locate the place of his maternal grandmother.Initially Aamir stayed at a hotel in Nadesar with his crewmembers. Before reaching the venue, Aamir went to Kakarmatta area to meet his relative. He went to the wedding after midnight but by then, the venue was full of invited as well as uninvited guests. The Rathaytra-Mahmoorganj Road also got blocked for sometime.With the arrival of Aamir high drama started as the bouncers and policemen escorting him had to exercise hard for taking him to the dais of bride and groom. Aamir blessed the bride and groom, then headed towards left end of the stage to meet the media persons. However, before he could say anything, the staged collapsed due to overcrowding. Nobody sustained any injury in the incident.After that Aamir and Nathuni climbed on a table and appealed to the people to let the wedding take place peacefully. He left for Babatpur Airport on Thursday morning after spending the night at a city hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890547", "title": "Was black money used to buy UP sugar mills?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) suspects black money was used by private bidders to purchase the government sugar mills auctioned during the Mayawati regime. In its report submitted to the UP governor, now also under consideration of the Lucknow Bench of the High Court, the CAG also stated that 21 sugar mills were sold for peanuts by the government leading to a loss of over Rs 1,200 crore to the state exchequer.According to documents available with TOI, the sale of sugar mills was supervised by the \"core group of secretaries for disinvestment\" formed by the state government. The group included the then principal secretary infrastructure and industrial development VN Garg, principal secretary planning Manjit Singh, principal secretary cane development and sugar industry Sanjay Agarawal, principal secretary law KK Sharma, principal secretary finance BS Bhullar, principal secretary public sector industry GC Shukla and managing director UP Sugar Corporation Vinay Priya.The Mayawati government had decided in 2007 to privatise 10 operational sugar mills belonging to the UP State Sugar Corporation Ltd and 11 closed mills belonging to its subsidiary, Uttar Pradesh Rajya Chini Evam Ganna Vikas Nigam Ltd. The 21 mills were sold between July 2010 and March 2011. CAG found anomalies in the sale process, related to undervaluation of land and plant machinery and lack of competition.CAG also found a number of discrepancies, including arbitrary fixation of expected price, undervaluation of land and buildings of the sugar mills by advisors, and non-inclusion of performance guarantee clause in the sale deed or the agreement to sale to ensure that the units would only be run as sugar mills. Five out of 21 mills were bought by the company reportedly having links with liquor baron Ponty Chaddha who was said to be close to the Mayawati government. Another 11 went to a group which had a BSP leader on its board.In its report, CAG pointed out that the government did not even consider the paying capacity of the buyers, which obviously increases the possibility of benami transaction and use of black money in the deal. \"As per clause 2.3 of the guidelines of disinvestment, before accepting the financial bid of any party, a certificate is required either from the banker or from an independent chartered accountant certifying that the bidder has got enough funds to complete the transaction. This condition was not followed. It is submitted that the guidelines of disinvestment are sacrosanct and their breach would invalidate the transaction of disinvestment.\"CAG also found that three bidders made payments which far exceeded their net worth but the UP State Sugar Corporation made no effort to find out the source of funding. This, the CAG states, makes evident that three bidders were \"proxy bidders\" who worked on the direction of the companies who bought the sugar mills.A public interest litigation challenging the sale of the mills has also been filed in the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court. The CAG report has also been submitted in the high court. The buyers and officers, however, have been denying allegations of scam in the deal. However, the CAG reports states that unexplained concessions were given to the bidders in the form of frequent relaxation to the eligibility conditions. Three bidders, who did not meet the eligibility criteria of minimum net worth, were allowed to remain in the fray and purchased one, four and three sugar mills respectively. Further, according to CAG, these bidders were also favoured as the net worth criterion was reduced to Rs 2 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888867", "title": "EPFO interest rates to be raised to 8.6%", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move expected to benefit over 5 crore people, the government on Thursday announced that the interest rate on employees' provident fund will be increased to 8.6% for the current fiscal. The Employees' Provident Fund Organization ( EPFO) had in March brought the interest down to 8.25% for 2011-2012 from 9.5% in 2010-2011.The cut in interest rate had led to vociferous protests from political parties, trade unions and employees who depend on the scheme for their retirement benefits. \"The rates were brought down due to lower income (on investment in Special Deposit Schemes).There is no question of minimum or maximum interest rates. We distribute it as per our revenue. Next time, it will be 8.6%,\" labour minister Mallikarju Kharge said in the Rajya Sabha.The retirement fund body has invested more than Rs 55,000 crore in the Special Deposits Schemes (SDS) aimed at providing better returns to non-government provident funds. Kharge said the rate of interest on funds depend on the revenues. Since the money belongs to workers, he said, the government does not intend to reap any benefit out of the fund and returns every penny for the welfare of the subscribers.The SDS was started in 1975 to ensure better returns for non-government provident fund, superannuation and gratuity funds. \"Even if the interest rate is less, the money is kept in safe custody,\" Kharge said. According to the government, the interest rate was lowered last fiscal on the finance ministry's recommendation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890172", "title": "Man held for raping daughter", "text": "PUNE: The Sangvi police late on Wednesday night arrested a 35-year-old labourer for allegedly raping and molesting his two minor daughters.The incidents took place between March 24 and April 2 at their residence in Sangvi. The man was arrested after his wife lodged a complaint in this regard with the Sangvi police station on Wednesday.Police inspector B S Sonawane of the Sangvi police station said of the two girls, the elder one is 11years old, while the younger girl is five years old. The complaint states that \"the suspect raped his elder daughter and molested the younger daughter,\" Sonawane said.Sonawane said the first incident took place on March 24 when the man threatened to kill his daughter and raped her. \"When his wife tried to stop him, he thrashed her,\" Sonawane added. Later, when his wife told him that she would lodge a complaint with the police after he molested the younger daughter, he threatened to kill both the daughters. \"The man raped the 11-year-old several times between March 24 and April 2. He also used to beat up his wife. Distressed by her husband's repeated acts, the woman finally lodged a complaint against him with the police on Wednesday,\" he said. Sonawane said the suspect has been charged under section 376 (f) (raping minor girl), 354 (assault or criminal force on woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887936", "title": "'Scrap municipal body's contract labour licence'", "text": "NASHIK: As the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has failed to renew its labour contract licence, which enables it to comply contract labourers, for the past eight years, the office of the deputy labour commissioner (DLC), Nashik division, has sent a proposal to the Labour Department of the state government for cancellation of the labour licence of NMC.As per the contract labour Act, any firm or self-governing body requires a licence for appointing contract workers and it is mandatory for the body to renew the licence every year. Accordingly, the NMC had obtained a licence from the office of the DLC, but it has not renewed it for the last eight years. So, the DLC Office had issued notices and the reminders several times to NMC administration instructing it to renew the licence at the earliest, but in vain.\"NMC administration do not renew its licence regularly and send update of its contract labourers to the office of DLC. We have several times instructed the NMC administration to renuew its labour contract licence. But, the NMC administration has not taken its congizance. Hence, the proposal to abolish the labour contract licence of NMC has already been sent to the Labour Department of the state government and we are waiting for its decision,\" the official from the office of the DLC, who did not want to be identified, told TOI. \"NMC will not be able to recruit contract labourers if the government decides to abolish its labour contract licence,\" he added.When contacted, an NMC official said, \"We are updating the list of the contract workers in various departments of NMC. We will soon submit the updated information and renew the licence.\"When asked him why NMC did not renew the licence for the last eight years as it was mandatory as per the contract labour act, he said, \"I don't have details as I joined the office last year. But, the information of the contract workers is being updated and we will soon renew the licence.\"There are around 2,500 contract workers working in various departmnet of the NMC, including on the Dadasaheb Phalke smarak, fertilizer unit, Effluent Treatment Plants, water supply and conservancy departments. It is mandatory for the NMC to update inforation of the workers and submit it while renewing the licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12887076", "title": "Andheri motorist dies in Nerul smash-up", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Mangesh Pandurang Palshetkar (37), who was driving an Innova SUV, was killed following a smash-up also involving a heavy container vehicle and a bus in Nerul.Palshetkar, a resident of Andheri (W), was on the main Sion-Panvel road headed to Mumbai at 7am on Thursday, when the trailer from the opposite side lost control, jumped over a divider, and crashed into his SUV. A bus banged into the SUV as it veered towards the left after the collision.The mishap led to traffic disruption for five hours as the Navi Mumbai traffic police towed away the container and SUV. Police said the main accused, the container driver, fled from the accident spot. Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vijay Patil told TOI that the Mumbai-Pune route was choked due to the accident.The victim's friends rushed to the spot on hearing about the accident. \"Palshetkar was the sole breadwinner of the family, residing at D N Nagar in Andheri. He has two children, Himanshu (5) and Tanvi (9), while his aged mother is bedridden and on dialysis,'' said his friend, Adinath Shinde.The victim is also survived by a younger brother, who resides in Mumbai.Another friend, Rafiq Sayyed, told TOI: \"Palshetkar was hardworking and used to work extra hard for the sake of his wife and family. I shudder to think about who will now take care of them.'' The police said Palshetkar used to often travel across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887934", "title": "Regressive bill on legal age for sex gets Cabinet nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Thursday cleared a Bill that seeks to raise the age of legal sex from 16 to 18, provoking sharp criticism from child rights activists, who called it a regressive step.The Protection of Children against Sexual Offences Bill, 2011, says sex under the age of 18 - even if consensual - would be deemed as statutory rape and an offence that would be tried under the Juvenile Justice Act carrying a maximum punishment of three years imprisonment.Activists are taken aback by the move as it comes at a time when sexual mores have become easier and the global trend has been one of puberty coming at an earlier age. The Bill, which sailed smoothly at the meeting, was slammed by activists and legal experts who said it was out of tune with the reality of sex ceasing to be taboo among youth.The legislation makes India an exception among democracies that have stuck to 16 years as the age for legal sex.While the UK has 16 as its age of consent, Canada and the US follow a nuanced approach exempting minors of the same age or close-in-age from punishment.The Bill has dropped the term \"age of consent\", which, according to many, allowed for consensual sex among individuals aged 16 and above.The change was prompted by a controversial recommendation by Parliament's standing committee on HRD. The panel said that the \"age of consent\" provision was inconsistent with the Indian Penal Code and the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act both of which recognize 18 as the legal age for sex, and asked for the removal of discrepancy. The committee, in other words, by inference deemed that sex outside marriage was undesirable - again a position that is held to be retrograde.This move in the name of uniformity has activists and experts up in arms. Former Law Commission member Kirti Singh criticized it saying that this would amount to \"criminalizing'' sex between young people. \"The remedy to young people indulging in sexual activity is not by clamping down through law and enforcement. This will have a negative impact on the false cases of rape, kidnapping and honour killing.''Bharti Ali of HAQ: Centre for Child Rights was equally scathing. She termed it a \"ridiculous'' amendment and a statement on the Indian attitude towards sex. \"We don't want to talk about sex with our children and when they want to explore, we put them behind bars. This will only be misused by police and sends a wrong signal to children,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12889667", "title": "God has a new House: Sachin agrees to enter Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Bharat Ratna might still be a little distant, but cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar will soon be an MP. This will be the first time an active cricketer, rather any sportsperson, has been nominated to the Rajya Sabha. On Thursday, the government nominated Sachin along with veteran actor Rekha and spunky business leader Anu Aga.Sachin's nomination to the Rajya Sabha took political circles by surprise, even though it was in the works for a while. Cricket lovers too were bemused with many wondering how an active cricketer who is on the road for around 250 days a year will be able to do justice to his parliamentary duties - and if he can't, would this Rajya Sabha entry really enhance Sachin's stature?Senior government figures, including minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla, have been in touch with Sachin for the past couple of weeks - obviously in the hope that Sachin's acceptance of a Rajya Sabha nominationwould help burnish the government's credentials.The calculation appeared correct as no one, including the Opposition, had anything but a welcome for the immensely popular cricket superstar.Sachin, it is said, had sought time to think over the offer. A week ago, he conveyed his acceptance to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi. The news of his nomination, along with that of Rekha and Anu Aga , broke when Sachin with his wife Anjali came to meet Sonia Gandhi at 10 Janpath in the company of Rajiv Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12888991", "title": "Problems continue to dog BSNL's corporate, hi-end customers in Indore", "text": "INDORE: In spite of BSNL Indore's claim that it has taken initiative to take care of its corporate customers and high-end customers, a huge number of problems still continue to haunt them including bills for unused broadband services and interrupted services.The problems are mainly due to the fact that the cables laid by the state-run telco have got damaged at a number of places due to the ongoing construction activities affecting uninterrupted services and complaints of bills for the services that they are not using now due to faulty services.For example, over 1,000 income tax department officials, who have been covered under the corporate customer plan of BSNL, complained that the BSNL's broadband services are non-functional and yet they receive bills every month from the BSNL.The reason being that the cables have got damaged resulting in making its customers unable to avail continuous broadband service. Still, it is not factored on their bill which still shows that they have utilized the broadband services given by the department flawlessly and hence the fat bill.BSNL has got a total clientele comprising 98,000 landline and 2.5 lakh cellphone subscribers. While 500 among them are corporate customers, another 500 do fall under its high-end segment, though they may not necessarily be its corporate customers.After having launched voice &amp; video over broadband service (or video telephony), the BSNL has silently kicked off another service targeting the high-end customers.Talking to ToI, Gajendra Chandra Pandey, senior general manager, BSNL, said, \"Of late, we have launched a new facility, to be known as 'single window at your doorstep'. Currently, we are under the process of appointing a number of account managers and each of them will be asked to take care of each group.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12893103", "title": "Film and photography festival", "text": "KOLKATA: The students of Heritage Institute of Technology organised a film and photography festival from April 20 to 23, 2012. The occasion was graced by the presence of Madhu Sarkar, director of National Academy of Photography, Amaresh Chakraborty, active dean of Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute (SRFTI) and the HOD of Direction and Shaymal Kumar Karmakar, professor of editing at SRFTI. Also present at the event were B B Poira, director of Heritage Institute of Technology, Dr Pranay Chaudhuri, principal of Heritage Institute of Technology and Seema Sapri, principal of The Heritage School.The student's council along with the Pravasana club members organised the film festival in collaboration with SRFTI. The motivation was the enthusiasm of the students towards photography and critically acclaimed films. \"We have several genres of movies such as animation, Hollywood flicks, regional films and exclusive SRFTI short films and documentaries,\" shared Rahul Singh, president of Pravasana.The photography festival, 'Focusse' is in association with Shutterbugs United. It has photographs by the students of Heritage Institute of Technology and also from other institutes all over India. Sarkar, who inaugurated 'Focusse' said, \"In spite of being a technical institute, it is a good approach.\"The inauguration of Heritage Film Festival took place with the lighting of the lamp by all the dignitaries present at the event. All the students were heartily appreciated and congratulated for their hard work and perseverance towards making the event a success for the second consecutive year. \"We are producing complete human beings and not just engineers to work for companies,\" said Dr Chaudhuri at the end of the inauguration ceremony.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12888173", "title": "'We've completed 99% of what we set out to achieve'", "text": "The Maoist issue is now rearing its head nationwide. Do you feel it poses any fresh challenges here?The porous border with Jharkhand is indeed a problem. While we've contained the problem here, there are reports of some infiltration from the Jharkhand border and by the coastal route from Andhra Pradesh and Orissa. We have been able to bring peace in Jangalmahal with the support of the people. The Centre's own statistics bear out the fact. After we took over, there were 32 incidents of violence from June-December 2011, down from 203 the year before. This year - touchwood - nothing has happened. Twenty-two hardcore Maoists, including Jagori Baskey and Suchitra Mahato, have surrendered. Twenty-one other Maoists, including 14 hardcore cadres, have expressed their desire to surrender. We are considering their plea. I am against any killing - be it innocent civilians or Maoists cadres. But they should understand that taking up the cause of people and resorting to extortion, murder and behaving like jungle mafia are two different things.Is anyone instigating them, then?Definitely. They (Maoists) are stopping poor people from accepting the Rs 2-a-kilo rice. Why? Some so-called NGOs that are proliferating on international funds are egging these people. We have brought all tribal families under the BPL category, enabling them to avail the Rs 2-rice scheme. As many as 10,700 youths from Maoist-affected villages have been recruited in police jobs. We organized football tournaments and 11,000 youths turned up to play. All that they want is some sympathy and development. But some people in Kolkata are denying them their right to live. What right do they have to do so? If given a choice, they'd always give up arms and live a peaceful life. Isn't Suchitra doing it now or Jagori? They never had the choice before.The Darjeeling issue refuses to die down...There is no problem now. There is an agreement. For us this is sacrosanct. GJM ( Gorkha Janmukti Morcha ) has signed the agreement. The government will act as per the agreement and we expect the others to do so. Clashes between two parties have led to the present problem. This has been controlled. If anyone violates the agreement, the government will not hesitate to act. We will not violate a single word of the agreement. The people in Darjeeling don't want any trouble. And we will not let it happen. We have suggested that Darjeeling and Cooch Behar be declared backward areas for special assistance. After the earthquake that rocked Sikkim and Darjeeling last year, the Centre gave Sikkim nearly Rs 1,000 crore but Darjeeling got nothing. Why?Bringing fresh investment to Bengal is your biggest challenge.There is Rs 85,000 crores worth of investment in the pipeline. There are new opportunities too. For example, we intend to build 431 cold storages under the PPP mode. Expressions of interest have already been floated. Two film cities will be set up in Siliguri and Uttarpara. We will provide the land. That is our stake in the project. In Goaltore, we intend to set up a manufacturing unit on two 500-acre plots. The cabinet committee on infrastructure has cleared the Jindal project in Salboni.Don't you want to showcase Bengal outside India? You are the face of Bengal outside, won't you take the lead?That we will surely do. A Chinese delegation has already met me. They want me to visit their country. So does a delegation from Singapore. We will send business delegations to these countries to showcase Bengal and attract investment.Will your policy on land and SEZ be any impediment?The cabinet has approved the land policy. The bill will be presented before the next assembly session. The land-use policy will be in place, so too the land map and land bank. Land ceiling laws have been relaxed and if anyone wants to set up industries, he can use the land bank or purchase directly from land-owners. The cabinet committee will approve the purchase. I am against SEZs, on principle. But that should not prevent anyone from setting up industries. The IT industry will get all the facilities - and more - but not the SEZ tag.What about the friction with alliance partner Congress in the state?You should ask them. At the Centre they have no issues. The Prime Minister is very cordial, so is Soniaji. But even as we speak they've gheraoed education minister Bratya Basu. At times, I feel they are furthering the agenda of CPM. They play the role of communists here. At times, they even outpace the Opposition. We are the single largest party. We have majority without their support. We still believe that we could have won 35 more seats had they not fielded independent candidates to help CPM.How do you evaluate your own performance in these 11 months?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12890116", "title": "Poonam opens her heart and home to strays", "text": "LUDHIANA: A visit to House No. 175 A of Sarabha Nagar, and you are sure to be greeted by adorable Scoopy and Mama, waving their tales. These two dogs owe their life to 61-year-old Poonam Kalra, who saved them like many other stray animals in the city.On a mission to fight cruelty against animals and help the ailing, Poonam said, ''I love animals since childhood, but my education in the missionary school further instilled the kindness for animals, especially stray dogs, in my heart. Since then I have never left any ailing stray dog unattended.''Poonam's family has two more members, Jerry and Chubby, and they too were saved by her. ''Whereever I see a dog that needs medical help my heart goes out to him. I'm immediately take care and provide all the nursing. I take them to a place called ''Darpan'' and make sure they are attended properly,'' she said. Besides dogs, Poonam loves to take care of special children with the help of her 27-year-old daughter Supriya, who is a clinical psychologist. ''My husband D K Kalra, a businessman, initially resisted these activities, but now he has also started helping me in this noble cause,'' she adds.Poonam, who has sterilised more than 50 stray dogs, manages the funds by taking cooking classes and selling homemade chocolates. ''One of my project, which is very close to my heart, deals with treating special children by animal therapy. Animals, including stray dogs, can not only teach and educate children but also treat and de stress them,'' she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "sukma (chhattisgarh)", "code": "12888920", "title": "Menon gets medicines, is \u2018fine\u2019", "text": "SUKMA (CHHATTISGARH): After an excruciating 45-hour wait, Asha Menon was told on Thursday that her husband, Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon, was safe. The message was given to her former CPI legislator Manish Kunjam who had flown in to hand over medicines for the collector to his Maoist captors.Kunjam said he couldn't meet Menon, who is the first Chhattisgarh collector to be abducted by the Maoists. \"He got the medicines on Wednesday afternoon. They (Maoists) said he is absolutely fine,\" said Kunjam. The news brought relief to Asha, who has not been keeping well. On Thursday, too, doctors visited her and advised rest.There were concerns about Menon when the Maoists, in a press release late on Monday night, claimed his health was critical. Menon's brother Anand confirmed: \"She is feeling better after hearing my brother is safe. Doctors have advised her rest.\"Kunjam was confident Menon would be released soon. \"The Chhattisgarh government has also taken some positive steps. I hope he will be freed soon,\" Kunjam said.There was no question, however, of him acting as an interlocutor for the Maoists, Kunjam told TOIsaid. \"There are several reasons why I declined. First, many people think I am a Maoist, or at least a sympathizer. Many members of my party (CPI) were branded as the Maoists and arrested. They are languishing in jail. In such a situation, how can I mediate? Also, my party told me not to.\"Kunjam had left the collector's bungalow at Sukma around 3.30pm on Tuesday with the medicines. Since then, there was no news of his whereabouts. Asha, pregnant with her first child, was distraught when state government officials failed to give her any update on her husband.Kunjam said he had travelled about 150-175 km on a motorcycle to the jungles and back to deliver the medicines. The Maoists met him beyond Tadmetla village. In 2010, 75 CRPF men were killed by the Maoists at Tadmetla, south of Sukma.\"Some reporters had suggested that I should take medicines for Menon after I declined to mediate on behalf of the Maoists. The chief minister of Chhattisgarh also asked me if I could go with the medicines. It was important as the Maoists had said in a statement that he was critical,\" said Kunjam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12888686", "title": "Probe starts in Congress leader's kin murder case", "text": "RANCHI: Following chief minister Arjun Munda's directives to arrest criminals who had murdered former Congress MLA Deo Kumar Dhan's brother Rajendra Dhan on Wednesday, Ranchi IG M S Bhatia on Thursday constituted a joint investigation task force to probe the case.A member of PLFI allegedly killed Rajendra Dhan, 45, on Wednesday evening at a place around 50 km on the border of Ranchi and Khunti districts.Bhatia said, \"I have asked the task force to neutralize the network of PLFI in the area and also probe into the incident. A new face, Jetha Kachhap, has emerged among the rebels who is leading such activities.\"The task force comprises Bedo and Lapung (in Ranchi) and Karra police station officers-in-charge, DSP (probationer) Amit Kumar and an additional force. Ranchi and Khunti SPs will monitor it. \"The focus is to identify and penetrate into the hideouts of the rebels,\" Bhatia added. He, however, said the motive behind the killing is not clear yet.\"The investigation team will focus on PLFI,\" said Ranchi SP (rural) A V Minz adding that they were recording statements of witnesses.Rajendra Dhan, the husband of Asha Lakda, who is the national secretary of BJP's Mahila Morcha, had gone to his village to distribute invitation cards for his sister's marriage among co-villagers when armed with an AK-47, a shooter pumped six bullets into his body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889893", "title": "24-hour power supply in villages by March 2013: State energy minister", "text": "JAIPUR: Energy minister Jitendra Singh on Thursday announced that by March 2013, all villages in the state would receive 24-hour power supply. The assurance came during the Question Hour, after BJP legislator Om Birla raised a query about single and three-phase power supply.Birla argued that the Congress had promised 24 hours of uninterrupted power supply in its manifesto but in several locations had failed to even supply power for 8 hours. Raising a supplementary question, senior BJP legislator Gulabchand Kataria raised doubt over state government's functioning. \"The state government claims power production has increased, simultaneously it has run programmes to repair feeders and transformers to control wastage. Then how come there has been no increase in supply?'' said Kataria.In his reply, Jitendra Singh said that the ruling party has five years time to fulfill its promise. \"We promised 24 hours power supply and we would provide it, but that is not possible overnight. We are working on it and by the end of this financial year, all villages will have 24-hour power supply,'' he said.During the Question Hour, BJP legislator from Nagaur, Anita Singh raised the issue of encroachments on cremation grounds in her constituency. She brought to the notice of the house that contrary to what authorities had informed the revenue department, there were 25 villages which were facing this 'sensitive' problem.After the question hour, BJP legislator from Dholpur Abdul Sageer Khan demanded a judicial probe into the demolition of the Kalandari mosque in Bhilwara. Khan said Jindal officials paid Rs 65 lakh to the Anjuman committee which had given permission to raze the mosque. He alleged that apart from Rs 65 lakh, crores of rupees exchanged hands illegally.\"After Gopalgarh and Surwal, this is the third attack on Muslim sentiments,\" he said, demanding action. Minister of state for home Virendra Beniwal said that four people were arrested and Rs 65 lakh already seized. \"The mosque is being rebuilt at the same place,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887429", "title": "Alimony blow to non-resident Indian man", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has directed a non-resident Indian to pay a monthly maintenance of Rs 15,000 to his wife living in the capital, rejecting his claim that his marriage had never been solemnized with her.Additional sessions judge Rajneesh Kumar Gupta ordered the man from west Delhi to pay the maintenance to his wife while upholding a magisterial court's ruling for maintenance. \"There is nothing on record to show prima facie that the respondent (woman) has sufficient means to maintain herself. However, as Dev Raj is the joint owner of property situated at Paschim Vihar and owner of one property in the USA, he is a man of means,\" said the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892664", "title": "Intimate scenes are not my cup of tea, says Nikhil Dwivedi", "text": "Nikhil Dwivedi on films, friendships and Paoli DamHate Story has met with a positive response at the box office. What has been your reaction?Obviously, I am thrilled!Critics found your performance very restrained. In fact you were the surprise packet of the film...The credit for that goes to Vikram Bhatt. He has written the script and weaved the characters very well in the plot. Also, director Vivek Agnihotri was clear right from the beginning about the way he wanted to project my character. I completely surrendered to his vision and it worked big time (smiles).But surprisingly you were kept out from promotions of the film...It was meant to be that way. See, every film has a marketing strategy and I knew all along that Hate Story was about a woman's journey and that she would be the focal point of the promotions. But as you said I turned out to be the surprise packet of the film.Talking about a woman, well, it is heard that Paoli Dam and you could  not see eye to eye and were not on speaking terms during the shooting of the film...I don't think that while working a friendship or a personal equation is necessary. We are professionals and we enacted our scenes to the best of our ability. And if people are talking about the film today, it clearly shows that we have been successful in delivering a good performance. That's all I'd like to say.Okay. Is it true that you were offered Gulshan Devaiah's role initially?Yes it is! But I chose to play the character of Vicky because I did not want to do the intimate scenes in the film. They are not my cup of tea. I am shy and not comfortable doing such scenes in front of the camera. I think Gulshan has done a marvelous job and I am very happy with the role that I ultimately chose to do.So what's next?Tamanchey! We have worked extremely hard on the film and have kept my fingers crossed. I am hoping it will create magic at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887168", "title": "Reforms not privatization: Jal board", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another attempt to allay fears that its public-private partnership projects are a precursor to privatization of the water utility, Delhi Jal Board has said it has sufficient water to ensure 24-hour supply for a large part of the city but is losing much of it through theft or leakages. The PPP model will first curtail these losses, ensure a round-the-clock supply and full domestic coverage in the project areas.Consumers who will be covered under the trial projects will also not have to pay anything extra for \"improved\" services as tariff determination will remain in the hands of the water utility, which is promising a uniform tariff structure for the entire city.\"The prime focus of the proposed water reforms is on reducing non-revenue water, either through leakage, theft or non-billed connections. At present, it is around 65%. Physical losses are to the tune of 35% while those on the consumers' premises are about 25% of the total supply. Delhi's per-capita supply at present is more than most cities globally despite this loss. Private management of treatment plants will only ensure that losses are minimized and we achieve a more equitable structure of distribution,\" said a source in the government.Critics, however, say that while nothing is fundamentally wrong with the PPP model, it will never work for a city like Delhi as the government is working with a flawed idea of the number of consumers. \"There are several unauthorized colonies and settlements that are nowhere in the government's records. In most areas, it also is impossible to reach those areas with piped supply. When the government talks of a 24-hour supply, has it taken these people into account. Private companies are not going to increase infrastructure while they will plug leakages and completely cut off whatever supply these areas get at present,\" said Jyoti Sharma, director, Forum for Organized Resource Conservation and Enhancement.The concern may not be ill placed as the private companies will be required to cover each household in the service area unless \"technically or legally unfeasible\". DJB, however, says that providing water and sewerage to unauthorized colonies is high on its agenda and once losses are curtailed, supply to poor households will also be upgraded. \"Wherever technically and legally feasible, unauthorized connections will be regularized and brought under the billing net. The private operator cannot take decisions on disconnections etc. These powers will rest with DJB as will fixing tariff,\" said an official.Despite these assurances, the constant tariff revisions in the power sector that has followed a similar model and where tariff is determined by the government has made Delhiites uneasy. \"Private companies are here to maximize profits and, as in power, can prevail on the government to increase tariff,\" said a GK resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12887871", "title": "CBI probe into withdrawal of VAT on textiles sought", "text": "HYDERABAD: Barely two days after labour minister Danam Nagender questioned the state government's swiftness in reversing its earlier decision to withdraw 5% VAT on textiles, former textiles minister P Shankar Rao on Thursday alleged that about Rs 100 crore had changed hands in the process and demanded a CBI enquiry into it.Addressing a press conference here, Shankar Rao charged that a brother of chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy had lobbied on behalf of \"the big and rich textile traders\" and ensured the withdrawal of VAT.Rao said he had information that Rs 100 crore had changed hands in the process. \"In fact, some traders from Hyderabad offered me huge money to withdraw VAT on textiles. I did not oblige them. But, I did ask the then chief secretary SV Prasad to study the matter in depth. The same traders appear to have got their work done now through a brother of the chief minister,\" said the former textile minister, who was sacked from the cabinet for his aggressive anti-Kiran campaign.According to Shankar Rao, a CBI probe would unearth the truth. The former textiles minister's allegations came two days after Danam had written a letter to the chief minister and requested him to put the decision to withdraw VAT on textiles in abeyance until the matter was discussed in the cabinet.In fact, Kiran Kumar had vehemently refused to grant such an exemption when Danam himself had sought the same at a cabinet meeting last month and the minister wanted an explanation as to why or how did the CM had a change of heart in such a short time.Vakapalli rape case: High court ruling hailedVISAKHAPATNAM: Rights activists and civil liberties groups on Thursday welcomed the AP high court order in the infamous Vakapalli rape case, which rocked the state in 2007. They hoped that the victims would get justice and the guilty cops would be punished.The shocking incident hit the headlines all over the state when 21 special party police (Greyhounds personnel) allegedly abducted and raped 11 tribal women at Vakapalli in G Madugula mandal in the early hours of August 20 in 2007. It was rumoured that the cops targeted the hapless women as they did not co-operate with them during their search for Maoists. Two of the 11 victims had died in the interim 5 years. Pangi Barso, 30, died of a snake-bite when she was working in a field, while Vantala Chittemma, 42, died of ill health. Both died last year.The Greyhounds cops entered the village on the pretext of carrying out combing operations. They allegedly unleashed a wave of terror on the villagers in the early hours of the day. The cops allegedly assaulted the villagers and raped 11 women at gunpoint.A day after the incident, the victims faced social boycott from their husbands as they were not allowed to enter the houses as per the tribal customs. Senior police officials, including the then DGP MA Basith and the then district SP Akun Sabarwal, termed the allegations as baseless. They said that it was a ploy by Maoists to discredit the cops and prevent them from carrying out combing operations. The victims met Lake Rajarao, who was the then BSP MLA at Nurmati village and filed a complaint with the sub-collector against the police. On the instructions of the sub-collector, police registered a case under sections 376 (2)(g) of the IPC and section 3(2)(v) of the SC and ST Atrocities Act of 1989.There were also allegations that the medical tests on the victims were not conducted in a proper manner at King George Hospital in Visakhapatnam on August 21 as part of a deliberate attempt to delay the process. With protests intensifying, the state government appointed IAS officer N Nagireddy to inquire into the issue and ordered a CID probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887393", "title": "Cabbies seek Rs 6.2L income a year", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after auto drivers sought an assured income of Rs 3.4 lakh per annum, unions of cabbies made a similar demand. They met the state-appointed Hakim Committee and urged that taxi fares be raised so that each cabbie in Mumbai can earn at least Rs 6.25 lakh every year. The taxi drivers' unions have asked for the fares of black-and-yellows to be increased by at least Rs 4-from the current Rs 17 to Rs 21-for the first mile.For every subsequent kilometre, they want the fare to be Rs 12 instead of the present Rs 10.50. The unions rationalized the hike by saying that they need more money to meet rising operating costs, which, curiously, included Rs 6,000 ostensibly paid every year by every driver as traffic fines. AL Quadros, the leader of the Mumbai Taximen's Union, called the demands justified. \"We have no parking space nor enough taxi stands. We have demanded that 1,200 old taxi stands in the island city be revived,\" he said after an hour-long meeting with retired senior civil servant PMA Hakim.The Hakim Committee was set up in March to devise a formula each for periodic revision of fares for taxis and autos in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region. During his meeting with Hakim, Quadros also sought exemption from arrest for drivers when they commit \"minor\" traffic offences. \"Even in an accident, a driver should be permitted to contact family members or unions before being arrested,\" he told the committee.Among the many expenses cited by the Mumbai Taximen's Union to justify the increased fares are the annual costs of electronic meter repairs (Rs 2,000), fuel (Rs 99,300) and family support (Rs 1.44 lakh). Quadros opposed the use of the metric system for fare calculation, which the Hakim Committee is considering, but recommended the allowance of air-conditioned rides for 10% higher fares. The leader of union Swabhiman Sangathana, KK Tiwari, asked that cabbies be permitted to have \"additional sources of income, such as ads atop taxis\". Tiwari also demanded insurance schemes and pension for cabbies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12887805", "title": "High risk in high-rises", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city sees around 1,500 fires every year, of these at least 10-12 per cent are reported from high rise buildings. Officials of the Ahmedabad Emergency and Fire Services (AFES) department say such fire calls often prove to be the most difficult to attend.Citing the example of the recent fire at Navarangpura telephone exchange, M F Dastoor chief fire officer of AFES said: \"The firemen found none of the fire fighting equipments of the building was operational. When the firemen tried to utilize water pipes installed in the building they found vital parts missing and hence they had to manually take pipes from fire tenders to the third floor.\"He said that the higher the fire, more time is consumed for laying the pipelines for the operation. \"We take at least 7-8 minutes to reach the spot, and another three-four minutes to lay the pipelines. This time is enough for the fire to spread.\"Another senior officer of the AEFS said not just the fire safety equipments, even approach roads to certain highrises are not enough to allow a fire tender or a water tanker through. The officer added that in several high rise buildings one will find window shades which are constructed for the car parking. \"We have to remove these shades before we can reach close enough to start fire fighting.The officer said that often streetlight poles erected very close to high rise buildings come in the way of the hydraulic platform which is essential for fighting fire in any multi-storeyed structure.\"That apart, the city has several high rise buildings which are 18 to 40 metres tall but majority of them are not situated alongside a 15-18 metre wide road which is mandatory according to the fire safety norms,\" said AFES firemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12888432", "title": "Unpaid dues: Power supply to schools may be snapped", "text": "NOIDA: Over 670 government-run primary and upper-primary schools in Gautam Budh Nagar district face the threat of disconnection of power supply due to non-payment of electricity dues for more than two years. The total outstanding amount is to the tune of around Rs 29 lakh. The basic education department has written to Directorate of Education (Lucknow) to release funds for payment of dues.Around 72,000 students are enrolled in the 674 schools, which are spread over various regions in the district. Out of these, 464 are primary schools and 210 are upper-primary schools. The schools are supplied electricity by Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) in the Noida region and by Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL) in the Greater Noida region.The education department has not cleared the dues despite having received constant reminders from power distribution companies for payment. \"The bills have not been paid because no such amount had been sanctioned in the budget,\" said an official of the basic education department of Gautam Buddh Nagar. \"We have already written to Directorate of Education to sanction the bill amount so that power supply can be continued. We have apprised the power companies of this fact,\" he added.If power supply is suspended, students have to prepare for tough days ahead. Official work would be affected because computers would be rendered dysfunctional in the absence of power supply and students will have to make do without fans.Schools in the district would be closed for summer vacations from May 20 and will re-open in the month of July. \"We expect that by the time schools re-open, the budget for electricity dues would have been sanctioned,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888487", "title": "Gram sabhas now hold key to projects in forest lands", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than two years after the environment and forests ministry ordered so, the statutory Forest Advisory Committee (FAC), which gives green nod to divert forests for projects, decided that it would not entertain proposals until resolutions from affected gram sabhas favouring the projects are submitted.The environment ministry had passed the order in 2009 to align the forest clearance process with the provisions of the Forest Rights Act, 2006. The act, UPA-I's flagship legislation for improving the condition of tribals, requires government to recognize and hand over rights to traditional forest dwellers in forestlands across the country. It disallows such lands from being diverted for other purposes till the rights have been formally settled and then acquired under given procedure. The 2009 circular required the FAC and the ministry officials to ensure that rights were settled and the consent from gram sabhas of the impacted forest dwellers was obtained.But the FAC, comprising senior forest officers, including the director general of forests and three non-government experts, did not adhere to the circular, passing the buck to the ministry's regional offices to observe the rules if they wished. The forest bureaucracy repeatedly tried to get the environment minister to withdraw the order even as the FAC ignored the regulations.Later, environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan took umbrage at the views of the forest bureaucracy against the Forest Rights Act and the FAC came under scrutiny for clearing projects without adhering to the rules.In a meeting held this month, the FAC took cognizance of news reports and decided that it would not entertain project unless the state provides all documentary evidence that rights under FRA have not been compromised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890471", "title": "Justice Murtaza Husain passes away", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former high court judge and Lokayukta of the state, Justice Murtaza Husain passed away on Thursday evening. He was 92.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav was among prominent personalities who paid rich tributes to the departed soul.Justice Husain's son Dr MM Murtaza, a retired officer from state health department, said that his father devoted his life to social work after retirement and always endorsed the Ganga-Jamuni tehzib of Lucknow. \"He was born in the Moti Masjid of Faizabad in December 1920. After completing MA and LLB from Canning College, he became a munsif in 1944. In 1974, he was promoted as the district judge and became a judge at the Allahabad high court in 1976. After his retirement in December 1982, he was made the Lokayukta of UP in January 1983,\" said his son.After retirement, he got associated with Shia cleric Maulana Kalbe Sadiq and his school for poor.The Unity School run by them graduated to high school and later Intermediate levels in his tenure. tnnHe authored several books on Urdu literature and poetry and on the tradition of Lucknow.He is survived by seven children of whom the youngest is a sitting judge in the Allahabad high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888664", "title": "Kani submits documents to ED in 2G case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Representatives of DMK leader Kanimozhi on Thursday submitted her financial statements to the Enforcement Directorate (ED). The agency is probing her in connection with the 2G spectrum scam.The ED is all set to file a prosecution case against Kanimozhi after the Parliament's Budget session is over and may summon her for questioning. ED is seeking a jail term for the DMK leader that may be up to seven years along with a fine.Gautam Doshi of the Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group has also been summoned by the agency to record his statement for a similar prosecution case lodged against him, and the firm he represented linked to the 2G scam.Kanimozhi was released on bail late last year. ED has lodged a case against Kanimozhi and others under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), but this would be the first time that the agency will record her statement and lodge a prosecution case against her. ED had attached properties worth Rs 223 crore belonging to Kalaignar TV and the other accused for their alleged involvement in pay-offs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12895774", "title": "Foreign bombshells bombard Bollywood!", "text": "Bollywood seems obsessed with foreign bombshells! One after the other the international beauties seem to keep making a mark. So the list is growing.Arab Brazilian model Bruna Abdullah generated quite a buzz with I Hate Love Story alongside Imran Khan and Sonam Kapoor , while Welsh model Lisa Lazarus impressed with Salman Khan in Veer . Swedish-Iranian model and dancer Maryam Zakaria got a chance to shake a leg with Kareena Kapoor in Agent Vinod ; that too for a mujra number.Sri Lankan beauty Jacqueline Fernandez has been managing to bag quite a few movies like Housefull, Murder 2, Housefull 2 and even Aladin ; co-starring megastar Amitabh Bachchan.American fashion model and actress Nargis Fakhri became a sensation of sorts opposite Ranbir Kapoor in Rockstar , while South African Playboy model Candice Boucher romanced dashing debutant Sachiin Joshi in Aazaan . There has been another Canadian model Mia Uyeda in Blood Money , British-born Amy Jackson in Ekk Deewana Tha , Irish-born British granddaughter of Charlie Chaplin , Kiera Chaplin in Chaurahen , Russian model Era Tsariova in Cigarette Ki Tarah and Indian Brazilian model Nathalia Kaur in Department .And as if so many foreign beauties weren't enough, the latest to join the firang-babes bandwagon is the stunningly beautiful half-German half-Indian international model Evelyn Sharma, who has managed to bag more than three movies even before her first release.Her impressive line-up includes Manish Tiwary's Issaq opposite Prateik Babbar, then Prateek Chakravorty's debut film From Sydney With Love , and a pivotal role in Ayan Mukerji's Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani ; and also the Ranbir Kapoor-Deepika Padukone starrer under Karan Johar's banner Dharma Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12886845", "title": "EMRI staff's suspension causes uproar", "text": "PANAJI: A group of around 30 EMRI employees held a protest demonstration outside the EMRI office in Bambolim demanding that the organization revoke the suspension of a female employee.The suspended employee, Parvin Khan, who works as a telephone operator with EMRI demanded that the organization explain the reason for her suspension. S Shelke, head of Goa operations of EMRI, told TOI \"We had suspended one employee for violating the media policy of the organization. Only the marketing head or head of the organization can give a press release,\" he added.He said a letter informing the employee of her suspension had been sent to her house but she had refused to accept it.Sources said a delegation of EMRI employees had recently met with the chief minister and health minister alleging harassment and low wage payment by the organization. Khan had led the delegation and addressed the media subsequently.EMRI took objection to this and suspended her. Shelke said that an internal inquiry would be conducted into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887373", "title": "21-yr-old student hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: A 21-year-old youth who had just cleared his Std XII examination after repeated attempts committed suicide on Wednesday night. Pushpak Lonare was found hanging to the ceiling hook by his father Badshah, a government employee.No suicide note was found at their Kapil Nagar residence. The family claimed to be clueless about the suicide.Police said that Pushpak left home to meet his friend and returned home at 10pm. He told his mother, Nanda that he had dinner with his friend and walked to his room to sleep. At midnight, Pushpak's father woke up and asked Nanda about Pushpak.When Nanda told him that Pushpak didn't have dinner, he knocked the door of Pushpak's room. On getting no response, he peeped through the window and found Pushpak hanging to the ceiling hook.Jaripatka police registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12889701", "title": "Girl raped, murdered in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: A 16-year-old girl was abducted on gun-point, raped and murdered by her neighbour in Kripalpur village, situated under the jurisdiction of Jahanabad police in Fatehpur district on Wednesday night.The girl had gone to see the 'jaimal' ceremony of the daughter of Ram Pratap in the same village.She was abducted by her neighbour Rajesh on gun-point. He took her to an isolated spot, raped and strangulated her to death.A few hours later, when she did not turn up, her parents launched a hunt. The girl's body was recovered from the fields in the outskirts of the village on Thursday morning.The police launched a manhunt for Rajesh and arrested him from the outskirts of the village. The girl's family members lodged a named FIR against Rajesh, who was found loitering in the vicinity of 'jaimal' ceremony venue on Wednesday evening. The police also recovered a country-made gun from his possession. He was sent to jail.Superintendent of police RK Chaturvedi said that the accused, who was arrested on Thursday morning, had confessed his involvement in the crime.The body of the girl was sent for post-mortem examination. It bore multiple injury marks on head, throat and eyes. She died possibly due to strangulation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "director", "code": "12898681", "title": "Tezz: Movie Review", "text": "Director: PriyadarshanCast: Ajay Devgn, Anil Kapoor, Boman IraniThe word Tezz has different connotations. It means speedy and it also implies sharp. While Priyadarshan's action thriller undoubtedly is life in the fast lane, one can't essentially say it's a sharp story. But it isn't blunt either!Aakash (Ajay Devgn) has set bombs on a train speeding from London to Glasgow . Retired counter-terrorism officer Arjun Khanna (Anil Kapoor) is summoned to investigate the case. As Arjun tries to negotiate with Aakash, he simultaneously attempts to trace his whereabouts.Unlike the more recent Hollywood train-thrillers like Unstoppable (2010) or The Taking of Pelham 123 (2009), Tezz derives its soul from Keanu Reeves' Speed (1994) and changes the conveyance from road to rail. Like the Keanu Reeves's film, even Tezz employs the basic threat that the bombs on train will go off if the speed falls below a certain limit.However much against the potential of the plot, most of the action in the film doesn't happen on or around the train. While the focus essentially is on the one-upmanship between Anil Kapoor and Ajay Devgn with the pursuit shifting positions between land and water, one would have loved to see more of rail in the film beyond its external ariel shots. Alas the maximum adventure that one gets to see on the train is an attempt to shift passengers to a parallel locomotive - an idea as old as The Burning Train (1980).However the major drawback of Tezz is that the motive behind the entire train takeover seems too weak. It's not a terrorist operation but a man's vengeance against a country. A country that deported him for being an illegal immigrant and working without permit! Tezz tries to set its entire train-seize drama on such trivial grounds. With Ajay Devgn being the main lead, the antagonist is still the hero of the film and so he is not defined as a professional criminal but is doing the one-off operation for seeking revenge. Now that's like having one's cake and eating it too. The director wants you to sympathize with the antagonist and yet maintain that his method is wrong. Supporting characters (Zayed Khan, Sameera Reddy) are inducted in the plot with the same conflicts.The pacing of the film is in absolute accordance with the title and the narrative runs as relentlessly as the locomotive. The past-describing prologue doesn't run beyond 90 seconds and the film comes to point pretty fast with the train hijack starting within the first 10 minutes. With that Robin Bhatt steers away from any surplus in the screenplay but, at the same time, the characters and their conflicts also appear underdeveloped. There are no background accounts of Zayed or Sameera beyond a fleeting flashback scene. And with lines like ' izzat milti nahi, cheen ni padti hain ' and ' bhugatna poore kaum ko padta hain ', Aditya Dhar's dialogues run in the conventional domain.Thereby it's left to the action sequences (not involving the train) to keep you riveted and they do so to a good extent. Even the chase scenes are well-shot and don't appear disturbing or distracting like in most action movies. Evidently, the action boils down to a traditional fistfight in the end as per Bollywood prerequisites. However, Priyadarshan adds such dexterity to the drama and pace to proceedings that it, more or less, compensates for the conventionalism in the chronicle.Despite a sulking pout, Ajay Devgn pulls off his intense character with effortless ease. Anil Kapoor is in his elements and his energy adds life to the proceedings. Boman Irani is efficient as the train traffic-control officer. Zayed Khan and Sameera Reddy are aptly employed with less acting and more action. Mohanlal, as an officer aboard the train, is visible as much (or less) as the train. Kangna Ranaut doesn't get much scope. Mallika Sherawat's sex-appeal as the item girl is stale.At the end, Tezz is fast enough for you to keep track of its inconsistencies and manages to reach its target.Verdict: Above Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889828", "title": "Government failed to recover Rs 588 crore revenue: CAG", "text": "JAIPUR: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has criticized the state government for its underassessment and non-recovery of revenue worth Rs 588.18 crore in the financial year 2010-11. The report, placed on the floor of the assembly on Thursday, finds several lacunae like the absence of input check controls and lack of monitoring in government departments.The major underassessment made by the government were in mines, geology and petroleum department. During the test check by the CAG, it was found that minerals were diverted contrary to the conditions of leases. \"The lessees had dispatched the limestone to various cement factories and steel plants for production of cement and iron which was contrary to the end-use condition and violation of the conditions of mining leases,\" said the report. To cover-up its irregularities, the government did not provide the chemical analysis report to the CAG.The report also suggests that there was no coordination among revenue, transport, forests, police and mines department which led the illegal excavation and dispatch of minerals causing losses to the state government as well as to forests and wildlife. The cost, along with royalty of minerals excavated was Rs 208.78 crore.The state excise department did not have any strategy for the recovery of old arrears of revenue amounting to Rs. 218.37 crore, the report said. In the absence of any records of internal inspection at the excise commissioner's office there, was no monitoring and strengthening of internal control mechanisms in the department.Major discrepancies were found in computerization in the motor vehicles department in the annual audit report. The 'VAHAN' software was implemented in 36 regional transport offices and district transport offices from October 2009 to March 2010 after a delay of 52 to 57 months. The phase III is yet to be implemented in 33 offices. Similarly, SARTHI software has been implemented in seven offices out of 13 RTOs but on inspection, CAG found the software running only in 4 offices.However, there was increase in the total revenue receipts (interest and dividends on investment made by the government) of the government. The total revenue receipts during 2010-11 were Rs. 45,928.20. Income gained by the government through taxation amounted to Rs. 20,758.12 cr and through non-tax revenue was Rs 6,294.12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12886970", "title": "One more plea against delimitation", "text": "PANAJI: One more petition was filed before the high court of Bombay at Goa on Thursday challenging the delimitation of wards for the panchayat polls in Macazana.In the petition, Macazana panch Francis D'Costa pointed out that some houses in Zoddim ward, which is designated as ward No. 4, had now been shifted into ward No. 2. As a result, ward No. 4 is left with only 161 voters while ward No. 2, now has 365 voters. He pointed out that this is done illegally and is without any geographical basis. D'Costa prayed for quashing the delimitation of wards 4 and 2.The petition filed by Arjun Mohan Vargaonkar challenging delimitation of two wards in Socorro panchayat was withdrawn on Thursday morning. The petitioner had demanded that as per the provisions of the Panchayati Raj Act, a rotation policy should be followed for reserving wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12889178", "title": "Meet throws up bitter fact, ice in cane juice, lassi unfit for use", "text": "BHOPAL: Sipping cool ganne-ka-ras for beating the heat or a glass of ice cool lassi or, fruit from a juice centre in the city may prove risky for health. Not because of the poor quality of cane juice or lassi, but for use of ice in it.And the bitter reality emerged at a meeting of health officials and the district administration at the collectoratate on Thursday. Ice from not a single ice factory in and around the city is fit for human consumption. The shocker of the fact is learnt to have prompted the district collector to order the food and drug administration (FDA) authorities to collect ice samples from street vendors, small food joints and juice centres in prime areas in the city.\"The ice, which is used by vendors is for industrial purpose and not fit for human consumption. Such ice is used in industries as coolant. However, since it is quite cheap, vendors buy and use it in juices,\" said Dr Rajan Chhetrawal, a city medical expert told those present at the meeting.Perhaps, 30 cases of jaundice, reported from the city in the recent past, forced the authorities to sit up and take notice of the unsavoury reality.Health officials point out a rise in hepatitis C cases in the past few months. \"The quality of ice makes it imperative to take immediate steps to curb it,\" said district collector Nikunj Shrivastava. The collector issued orders to the FDA officers to take action against owners of erring food joint and juice centres.There have been documented outbreaks of illnesses in humans. Contaminated ice can invite typhoid, dysentery, diarrhoea and throat infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888819", "title": "Enforce heritage act strictly, say experts", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after the Tamil Nadu government proposed to enact laws to preserve the heritage and cultural properties of the state, experts on Thursday said the acts would help only if they were enforced in an effective manner. The government intends to bring in the 'Tamil Nadu Heritage Commission Act' and 'The Mamallapuram World Heritage Area Management Authority Act.'Since many ancient properties in the state, including the Mamallapuram site, are maintained by the Archaeological Survey of India, a proper coordination between the state and the Central government is necessary for the successful enforcement of any law in Tamil Nadu, said P D Balaji, head of the department of ancient history and archaeology, Madras University. \"There is no point in enacting too many Acts if the government can't execute the existing ones properly. What we need is proper coordination between the state government and the Centre, as many heritage sites in the state are maintained by the ASI,\" he said. There are 403 monuments and sites maintained by the ASI in Tamil Nadu.\"It's also important to see who are involved in the proposed Mamallapuram World Heritage Areas Management Authority. In many cases, people who don't have any knowledge about archaeology deal with it. If that is the case, then there is no point in enacting new Acts to preserve heritage structures,\" Balaji added.However, Chandrasekhar of REACH Foundation, said it was time the state government enacted a law with strict measures to punish the vandals. \"In many places, people are not aware of the heritage status of the buildings. They don't know the importance. We have laws to protect our heritage sites. But quarrying is going on in many heritage sites. So creating awareness is important in those pockets rather than enacting laws,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889132", "title": "Rajagopal to file defamation case against Bihar police, director general of police", "text": "PATNA: National Land Reform Council (NLRC) member P V Rajagopal, on Thursday, said he would file a defamation case against Bihar Police and its DGP for branding his Ekta Parishad as a Maoist front.\"We will soon hold a meeting in New Delhi over the issue and file a defamation suit. Some lawyer friends are already working on it,\" he told mediapersons while reacting to a recent incident of picking up 10 French nationals from his meeting at Nawada on April 21 and subsequent branding of his organization.Rajagopal was here on his Jan Samvad Yatra that began from Kanyakumari on October 2, 2011, and will conclude at Gwalior on October 1.\"It has become a fashion in the country to term 'Maoists' all those persons and organizations who have been working for land reforms and poor people in rural areas. But now, we have decided to move the court to stop the practice of branding social organizations as Maoists' frontal organization,\" he said, adding, \"I fear the DGP may backtrack from his statement and put the blame on mediapersons saying that he was wrongly quoted.\"Rajagopal, who is on indefinite fast since April 26 in protest against the unceremonious treatment meted out to the French nationals, said the practice of branding pro-poor organizations as Maoists was prevalent not only in Bihar but also in Chhatisgarh and Jharkhand. \"While I was in Chhatisgarh and Jharkhand during the yatra, several social workers told me that they were being branded as Maoists and Naxals mainly because they were working for the welfare of poor people in rural areas.\" Replying to a query, Rajagopal said that the ten French nationals, who were abruptly sent back to Delhi by Bihar police, were neither Maoists nor their sympathizers. They were actually members of a France-based social organization, the Peoples' Solidarity, and had come to Bihar to understand the land reforms movement.He also said the Bihar police were now cooking stories to justify their blunder which they committed by forcibly sending back the French nationals to Delhi. When the French nationals reported the matter to their embassy, they were freed in Delhi. Consequently, they freely moved in Delhi markets and did shopping there and, later, returned to their country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889903", "title": "2-yr-old girl found brutally murdered", "text": "JAIPUR: The body of a two-year-old girl was found with several injuries, including some on her private parts, in front of a Sati temple in Baran's Kotwali police station area on Thursday. The girl had gone missing from her house while she was sleeping with her mother between 1 am and 5 am on Wednesday. The police are still clueless about the incident.According to police, one Tulsi Ram, a resident of Fatehpur in Sikar, had come to his in-laws' house along with his wife and two children including two-year-old Anshu to attend his brother-in-law's wedding.\"After the wedding, Anshu was sleeping with her mother on Wednesday night in a room. The house was full of guests. Anshu's father said that she had woken up around 1 am feeling thirsty and he had given her a bottle of water,\" said SHO, Kotwali Surendra Krishnia.The mother raised an alarm around 5 am when she found the girl missing. \"The family members found bloodstained clothes in the compound of the house. After which they started a frantic search for the girl,\" said the officer.The girl's naked body was found in front of a Sati temple near the house. There were injury marks on her face, stomach, chest and private parts. The police did not rule out the possibility of the girl being raped. They are also looking into the possibility whether it was some 'witchcraft' as the girl might have been sacrificed in the temple. However, police said that they have not found any evidence regarding this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12886555", "title": "India, Japan to talk on defence, investment and nuclear energy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence, investment and nuclear energy will dominate the biggest exchange between Indian and Japanese leaders when Japanese foreign minister Koichiro Gemba arrives here on Sunday. Gemba is leading a high-profile delegation including several cabinet ministers and senior officials.The union cabinet is expected to approve a proposal to give the Japan Bank of International Cooperation (JBIC) 26 per cent equity stake in the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Corporation ( DMICDC) which will be Japan's biggest investment in Indian infrastructure. This will be the added sweetener to the fact that India-Japan trade leapt by 30 per cent between August 2011 and March 2012.The Japan relationship gets a huge boost from prime minister Manmohan Singh. Famously averse to travel, Singh has diligently travelled to Japan every year since he became prime minister, and never let the frequent changes of Japanese PM affect his travel plans. In almost all his speeches in Japan, Singh has described the Japan relationship as being \"transformative\", a term he reserves for very select relationships.Japanese and Indian ships will hold their annual naval exercises in June-July this year. From 2013, Japanese forces will be part of the Malabar naval exercises along with US and Indian navies off Okinawa. Japan was a part of the Malabar exercises in 2007, when China objected to the five-nation exercise, spooked that it appeared to be a China containment exercise. Japan's re-entry into the exercises indicates its growing comfort with the Indian defence forces, as well as increased strategic convergence. Indian and Japanese navies are also looking at working together in the Indian Ocean , where both navies are engaged in \"pass-ex\" exercises. Japan has its first overseas base in Djibouti , where Indian ships have been invited to call, in return there is talk of Japanese vessels calling at the Indian base in Nicobar.Gemba will lead the Japanese delegation in the strategic dialogue with India, which will be held on Monday. Along with this, Japan and India will hold their fifth energy dialogue, where India is looking for clean coal technologies and other efficiency technologies. While Japan is willing to give India such technologies, over the years, sources said neither the government, nor private sector has been able to take adequate advantage of this. Indian officials rarely go beyond the talk, sources said, frustrated. In the ministerial economic dialogue, the two countries will be looking to deepen commercial ties in the wake of the CEPA agreement.Gemba will be coming in from Kathmandu , where he will be the highest level Japanese visitor since former Japanese prime minister Yoshiro Mori visited in 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12888367", "title": "Collector seeks support in uprooting filariasis from Kottayam district", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Though the health department had tasted success in implementing the polio eradication programme, it did not receive the same support from society in uprooting filariasis, district collector Mini Antony said on Thursday.Presiding over the mass drug administration programme to eradicate filariasis, she said the disease could be eradicated if people became more aware and heeded the health department's call to take drugs as prescribed.Any section of society not taking the drug would make the programme ineffective, she said. DMO Aysha Bhai said the programme would cover over 19 lakh people in the district above the age of two years during the three days from Thursday. Over 8,000 volunteers were engaged in delivering the drug to people through door-to-door campaigns, she said.Dr C K Jagadeesh, state observer, said that those belonging to the younger generation were not aware of the disease as they had not got the chance to see people afflicted with the disease.He said nursing students and volunteers would have to make attempts to convince people on the need to take medicines.District panchayat president Radha V Nair inaugurated the programme.She called upon people to keep their surroundings clean to control mosquitoes carrying the virus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888618", "title": "Navy packs a punch with stealth frigate INS Teg", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is all set to add another swift but silent lethal punch to its blue-water arsenal by inducting a new stealth frigate with weapons and sensors for three-dimensional warfare.The 3,970-tonne INS Teg frigate, armed with the 290-km BrahMos supersonic cruise missiles among other weapon systems, will be commissioned into the Indian Navy at Yantar shipyard at Kaliningrad in Russia on Friday morning.Taking its name from the short, single-edged curved swords traditionally used by the Sikhs, INS Teg will be inducted in the presence of Southern Naval Command chief Vice-Admiral K N Sushil. Commanded by Captain Rakesh Kumar Dahiya, the frigate will sail with a crew of 24 officers and 229 sailors.The other two stealth frigates, INS Tarkash and INS Trikand, ordered from Russia under a $1.15-billion contract inked in 2006, will follow in September, 2012, and July, 2013, said sources.With an operating range of 4,500 nautical miles, these Teg-class frigates can handle many threats in all the three dimensions - air, surface and underwater. These warships pack more power than the earlier three Talwar-class frigates inducted from Russia in 2003-04, equipped as they are with BrahMos land-attack missiles, surface-to-air missiles, AK-630 close-in weapon systems, torpedoes, anti-submarine rockets and an upgraded multi-role combat suite.The 125-metre-long INS Teg, which can operate an anti-submarine or early-warning helicopter from its deck, has innovative design features to ensure reduction in its radar cross-section, infra-red, magnetic and acoustic signatures as well as radiated underwater noise to enhance its stealthy nature.Powered by advanced gas-turbine propulsion plants for speeds of 30 knots, the warship is also equipped with complex automated systems for NBC (nuclear, biological and chemical) defence and damage control. These three frigates and aircraft carrier INS Vikramditya (Admiral Gorshkov), which will be inducted from Russia in early-2013 under a revised refit cost of $2.33 billion, are the only warships among the 50 ordered by the Navy that will come from abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887776", "title": "Doctors should 'Focus on research, provide affordable medicare, emerging technology': VC of Kerala medical varsity", "text": "NASHIK: Speaking as the chief guest at the 11th convocation ceremony of Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) at the university's campus in Nashik on Thursday, Dr. K Mohandas, vice-chancellor of Kerala University of Health Sciences, and member of the Board of Governors, Medical Council of New Delhi, urged doctors to make efforts towards the for the creation of a healthy society by providing afforable medical care and becoming sensitive towards issues like female foeticide.Also, stating that doctors should focus on research in emerging fields like nano-technology, stem cell technology, genetics and robotic surgery, Dr. Mohandas Speaking as the chief guest at the 11th convocation ceremony of Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) at the University campus in Nashik on Thursday, Dr. K Mohandas said, \"New kinds of diseases are emerging which are challenging the medical fraternity today. Doctors should conduct research and provide affordable medical care to the people taking into consideration the population and poverty in the country.\"He urged doctors to be cognizant of other medical issues such as sensitive towards female foeticides, post natal deaths, etc. The 11th convocation ceremony of the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) was also presided by held on Thursday at the university campus in the presence of Dr. K Mohandas, Vice-chancellor of Kerala University of Health Sciences, Thrissur, and member of Board of Governors, Medical Council of New Delhi and Dr. Arun Jamkar, vice-chancellor MUHS.13,565 students were conferred with degrees, including 3,292 students from faculty of medicines of which 1,616 were from students from dentistry, 1,934 students from ayurved, 219 students graduated in unani medicine, 2,241 students from homoeopathy and 1,636 students graduated in from Allied Health Sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12888407", "title": "New sewage plant to kick off in August", "text": "NOIDA: The state-of-the-art sewage treatment plant (STP) in Sector 123 is all set to become operational by the monsoon. The 35 MLD plant, which uses the fully automated sequential batch reactor (SBR) technology, has been built at a cost of around Rs 39 crore to tackle additional waste water which would be generated once the newly established sectors of the city are fully populated. It will be the third of the four sewage treatment plants to be commissioned by Noida Authority.\"Work on the STP has been completed and trial runs will begin in July,\" said a project engineer (PE) of Noida Authority. \"The plant would be fully operational by August. At present, it is being connected with the sewage pumping station built in Sector 66 by Division I of Noida Jal Board. The main duty pipeline for connecting this pumping station with the STP is being laid,\" he added.The STP in would treat waste water generated from around a dozen sectors in the city apart from a few villages. At present, Noida Authority has two functional STPs in sectors 50 and 54, which have capacities of 34 and 27 MLD, respectively. Work is also in progress on another STP located in Sector 168.The commissioning of the new STP will help improve environmental standards in the city because of the advanced technology it uses. \"The quality of treated water would improve which can be used for irrigational purposes and construction activities. This would reduce dependence on groundwater,\" said the PE.The STPs in sectors 50 and 54 had been built using the upflow anaerobic sludge blanket (UASB) technology. But last year, the Authority upgraded them to the SBR technology. The new technology reduces levels of organic pollutants in waste water to a greater degree than the older technology. \"The UASB technology has become obsolete. Quality of treated water has improved considerably after installing SBR technology in the two functional STPs,\" said the PE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890047", "title": "India Meteorological Department predicts normal monsoon", "text": "PUNE: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has released the first long-range forecast for this year's south-west monsoon, predicting normal rainfall for the country as a whole for the June to September season.\"Quantitatively, the seasonal rainfall is likely to be 99% of the long period average (LPA) of 89 centimetres for the 50-year period between 1951 and 2000,\" the forecast stated, while sounding out a 5% possibility of model error.According to the IMD classification, rainfall between 96% and 104% of the LPA of 89 cm for the season is considered normal.Last year, the IMD's April forecast predicted 98% rainfall for the season while the actual rainfall received was 101.6% of the LPA.The south-west monsoon accounts for almost all the annual rain in 75% of the geographical area and 78% of the gross cropped area in the country. Although the duration of the monsoon over various parts of India varies from about two months to six months, the long range forecasts (LRFs) are generally issued for monthly and seasonal (June to September).\"We have given the highest probability of 47% for normal rains, based on the 5-parameter ensemble statistical forecasting system for the April forecast,\" D S Pai, who heads the LRF unit at IMD's national climate centre (NCC) here, told TOI Thursday.The NCC in Pune prepares the long-range forecast, which the IMD announces in two stages - first in April for the country as a whole and the second in June, which predicts the spatial distribution of rains over the four geographical sub-regions - northwest, central, northeast and south peninsular India.\"The signals for predicting spatial distribution of rains are usually more pronounced by June,\" said Pai.As of now, the IMD has five pre-defined rainfall categories, drawn from the statistical forecasting system, for sounding out the probabilities. \"The second highest probability of 24% is for below normal rains (90-96% of the LPA), followed by 17% probability for above normal rains (104-110% of the LPA). The probability for deficient rains (below 90% of LPA) and excess rains (above 110% of LPA) are the least at 8% and 4% respectively,\" he said.\"We have not ruled out the possibility of the emergence of El Nino conditions towards the latter part (August-September) of the season,\" Pai said. This may result in below normal rains in certain parts of the country, as has been forecast by various agencies including the South Asian Climate Outlook Forum (SASCOF).El Nino, an abnormal warming of waters in the equatorial tropical Pacific, is linked with poor rains or a drought-like situation in southeast Asia and Australia. The contrasting La Nina weather pattern, which is associated with heavy rains in south Asia, flooding in the Asia-Pacific region and South America, and drought in Africa, ended in March.The IMD's forecast stated, \"The latest forecasts from a majority of the dynamical and statistical models indicate moderate probability (about 53%) for the El Nino Southern Oscillation(ENSO neutral conditions to prevail during the monsoon season. There is also noticeable probability (about 39%) for emergence of weak El Nino conditions towards the latter part of the season. However, the probability of re-emergence of La Nina conditions is very less.\"Apart from the June forecast, the forecast for rainfall over the country as a whole during the second half of the season will be issued in July and August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12893217", "title": "An instrument of learning", "text": "Technology is an essential tool that helps in the delivery of education when it comes to management education, believes Prof Anindya SenOur generation was exposed to the 'chalk and talk' method of teaching but for the students of the 4G era, technology has become an integral part of the learning process. One of the first uses of technology in classrooms was the overhead projectors and then came the PowerPoint presentations. Nowadays, students are taught through video conferencing and can use laptops for class assignments. For instance, at IIMC we have the finance lab where real data is available and students are given tasks on trading.Technology makes it easier for teachers to compress the material at hand; what required 60 hours of hours now takes 30 hours. Though teachers can continue to use the chalk and talk method, technology helps them to streamline the learning process and make it time efficient.Students used to be faced with the dilemma of whether to listen to what the teacher is saying or take down notes. When I was in the US for my higher education, a very famous econometrician had come to the campus. He was a very good speaker but he started writing on the blackboard and spoke very fast, so we were torn between taking notes and paying attention to him. Presently, we hand out hard copies of the lectures so that the students pay more attention to the lesson though they are welcome to take notes.When it comes to management education, there is so much that students have to take in during class, irrespective of whether they are in the two-year programmes or the one-year courses. The use of technological tools would have been natural in engineering colleges but it is in management institutions that it has truly flourished. This is because management institutes are more willing to experiment and the focus is beyond theories unlike science or engineering.Management education is multidimensional and deals with issues like strategic managements, human psychology and many aspects of human behaviour and actions.As a field, management education is more diffused in structure and at IIMC we not only offer functional courses like human resource management or operations but we also have place for subjects like sociology and disaster management. Management education involves a broader exchange of ideas, a 360 degree view of life and this is where technology helps us. For example, during a particular class, I went to YouTube and found a clip which showed what happens in a Chinese bazaar. The 4 minute clip not only served as a live demonstration of their theoretical lesson but also livened up the classroom.Students these days are very tech savvy and it is they who benefit from the use of technology which provides wider access to knowledge in an entertaining manner. Another important component of management education is executive education where people pursue part-time courses or evening classes of short duration. Time is a bigger constraint for them unlike the full-time MBA students. Technology is extremely useful for them because they are professionals handling many employees in an organisation and every second is vital for them. A set of PPT slides serves a better purpose than textbooks, so we upload the slides which they can access on their laptops on the go. However, some faculty members tend to forget that the ultimate goal is to teach and technology is just a tool which aids in the process. Therefore, we need to strike a healthy balance between teaching and technology because the latter cannot be a substitute for the former.(Anindya Sen teaches Economics at IIM Calcutta)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887154", "title": "High court notice to CM for delay in taking decision over Chanda college", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government's delay in taking decision over granting government-aided status to Chandrapur based institution, has resulted into the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court issuing notice to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.A division bench - comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale - has asked the CM to file a reply during last hearing. The government on Wednesday filed a reply on CM's behalf requesting more time for taking the decision. The case was listed on Thursday but could not come up for the hearing. Firdos Mirza was counsel for the petitioner.Mriza said, Jagran Gramin Vikas Sanstha having college in Chandrapur knocked the judiciary's doors long back for getting government-aided status on the lines of other college belonging to MLA Sewak Waghaye's Laxmi Education Society in same district. The status was granted to such colleges for operating in Naxal-infested areas. The petitioner argued that when MLA's private college in same district can get government-aided status why not his college. He alleged discrimination on the part of the government.Mirza contended that when the case was filed in 2005, HC had issued specific directions to the government to take a decision in this regard. However, the government failed to reply that prompted the petitioner to file a contempt plea. The joint director for higher education then filed an affidavit on February 9 last year informing that the file in this regard had been forwarded to the CM's office for taking a decision. Again the court asked the government on March 25 this year to take the decision at earliest and make CM a party if he failed to take the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12888103", "title": "Officials cancel NOC issued for sale of property in elephant corridor", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The Nilgiris district committee on Thursday cancelled a non objection certificate issued for the sale of a land which falls under Segur elephant corridor.The decision came following a direction from the Madras high court after a contempt petition filed by S Jayachandran, On April 16. A division bench of the high court had issued summons to the Nilgiris collector, Archana Patnaik and the district forest officer (Nilgiris north) S Ramasubramanian to be present in court on June 4 regarding the issue.\"The said property falls under the elephant corridor. It was verified the NOC was issued by oversight,\" said Ramasubramanian. After thoroughly verifying the procedural steps the NOC has been cancelled by the district committee meeting held on Thursday, he added.The land, about an acre falling under the Segur Elephant corridor, was registered by a sale deed dated January 18 after obtaining an NOC from the authorities.In his contempt petition, Jayachandran, an environmental activist, submitted that the authorities had not only failed to remove the electric fences and also continued to issue no-objection certificates to sale of private properties lying in the elephant corridor.However, the DFO claimed that all illegal fencing erected in the corridor had been removed.Udhagamandalam: A no-objection certificate issued by the Nilgiris district committee, comprising the Nilgiris Collector and the District Forest Officer (north division) besides other officials, for sale of a property on the Segur Elephant corridor in the Nilgiris was reverted by the committee, on Thursday.The action came in the wake of the Madras High Court passing interim directions on a contempt petition filed by S.Jayachandran. On April 16, a division bench of Madras High Court summoned the Nilgiris Collector, Archana Patnaik and the DFO (Nilgiris north) S.Ramasubramanian to be present in court on June 4.\"The said property falls under the elephant corridor. It was verified. Earlier, by over sight the NOC was issued\", said Ramasubramanian. \"After thoroughly verifying the procedural steps the NOC issued was reverted in the district level committee meeting held on Thursday\", he added.The land, extending to an area of about an acre falling under the Segur Elephant corridor, was registered by a sale deed dated January 18 after obtaining an NOC from the concern authorities.In his contempt petition, Jayachandran submitted that the authorities had not only failed to remove the electric fences, they were also issuing no-objection certificates to sale of private properties lying on the elephant corridor.However, the DFO claimed that all the illegal fencing erected in the corridor had been removed, already.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12889541", "title": "City vendors stall eviction drive", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tension ran high at Indradhanu Market in Nayapally area during an eviction drive by the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) here on Thursday.Hundreds of vendors, who allegedly encroached on BDA land in the market, prevented the squad from evicting their commercial establishments. Irate mob allegedly pelted stones at the squad comprising BDA and BMC staff as well as police. The vendors also vandalized two bulldozers that were pressed into action for eviction, sources said.\"We are poor vendors and have been staying here for a long time. We are also paying rent to the government. The government should first rehabilitate us before evicting us from here,\" Sangram Behera, a trader said.BDA's vice-chairman D K Singh said: \"We could not complete the eviction drive in view of stiff opposition today. We will take more police forces for the work. We are also convincing\"The vendors, facing displacement, threatened to besiege the BDA office on Friday. \"We will gherao the office in protest against the apathetic attitude of government towards the poor vendors,\" said Anjan Nath, secretary of Khyudra Byabasai Mahasangha, a local traders' outfit.Notably, the eviction squad faced similar opposition from the traders earlier this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12886979", "title": "Dam developer has major projects in kitty", "text": "MUMBAI: The dam contractor, who bagged over a dozen irrigation projects in Raigad district, is believed to be politically influential and close to some politicians, TOI has learnt.The Khatri family, originally from Rajasthan, are proprietors of F A Enterprises and F A Construction and have their office on 6th Road in Khar (W).Phone calls to the office on Thursday elicited no response. As reported by this newspaper, the contractor won bids for the Balganga (Pen) and Kondhane (Karjat) dams in Raigad for Rs 488 crore and Rs 56 crore, respectively. Soon after the projects were awarded, the state irrigation department revised the project cost to Rs 1,220 crore and Rs 328 crore, respectively.In 1986, Fateh Mohammed Khatri founded F A Construction and managed to achieve a turnover of Rs 2 crore within four years. In 2009-10, the company said it had works worth Rs 1,500 crore in Maharashtra. The business is run by brothers Zahid, Taleeb and Suhaib.From a modest start as general contractors for civil engineering works, the company turned its attention to major government contracts. In 1986, the company was registered with the state public works department and soon graduated to Class 1 category registration.\"Ever since, there has been no looking back,\" says the company's official website, adding that \"visionary leadership, professional management, a right mix of technology and technical expertise and a strong inter-personal team spirit have led to new avenues of success and prosperity\". \"The founding philosophy behind F A Construction is building a well-planned and well-developed nation in the truest sense,\" it further states.The company said its area of expertise included dams and irrigation projects, urban development, housing complexes, road networks, land reclamation, hospitals and colleges. It listed the Chilhewadi irrigation project in Pune as one of its prestigious projects, for which \"the chief engineer, Maharashtra Krishna Valley Development Corporation, appreciated our performance\".Sources said the Khatris were looking for plots to develop in Navi Mumbai and had contacted brokers and builders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12889680", "title": "Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology develops hybrid maize", "text": "KANPUR: Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology had developed a special variety of maize known as Azad Hybrid Maize-I, which can also be used as baby corn. The university has developed different varieties of maize earlier but the hybrid had been developed for the first time. Earlier, Azad Uttam, Sharad Mani varieties were developed in 1992 and 2002. In 2005, Azad Kamal and in 2007, Chandramani was developed.CSA scientist Harishchandra Singh has developed the hybrid quality of maize. He represented the university in a three-day workshop on maize research at Chaudhary Charan Singh Agriculture University in Hisar. The workshop concluded on April 22.The agri-scientists, who had gathered to take part in the workshop, appreciated the work of Singh and said that the hybrid quality of maize should be developed for further production.This variety would give higher yield. It is disease and pest-resistant. The variety has also more protein content. The stem and the leaves could be used as fodder.The Central Variety Release Committee, a Central government enterprise, has released Azad Hybrid Maize-I. Now, the university would be sending the notification to the committee for production of its seeds. Once it is notified, the university would be in a position start seed production.The production of the seed of this hybrid variety of maize would be done according to the demand from the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12888386", "title": "'F1 is the new cricket'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: \"We have come a long way but there is still an equally long way to go,\" said Narain Karthikeyan on Thursday, as he recollected his and the countries rocky journey to prominence in the high octane world of Formula One.The early throws of the 2012 season are a just reflection on what Karthikeyan is eluding to.The 35-year-old from Coimbatore literally set a blazing trend for the whole nation back in 2005, becoming the first Indian to race in F1 with the Jordan team.Just a tad over seven years later, Karthikeyan is still at it, behind the wheels of a Team HRT car, while the Indian connection in the paddocks has increased manifold.Karun Chandhok had a spell as a race driver and test driver in the previous two seasons and the Sahara Force India team has become more competitive with every passing year.The inaugural Indian Grand Prix back in October 2011 was an unprecedented success and now, 41-year-old Monisha Kaltenborn is all set to become the first-ever female team boss at Sauber.Karthikeyan says that if anything, the Indian presence in the sport is only going to increase.\"The popularity of the sport is growing by the day. Formula One is in India to stay. Cricket has always attracted the crowds and hence the sponsors in India but with the IPL (Indian Premier League), a saturation point is fast approaching.\"It is possible that we could soon have Indian corporates look at entering F1 in a bigger capacity, much like what Sahara have done,\" he said.HRT have decided to give next week's mid-season tests in Mugello a miss and Karthikeyan says that the Spanish team is working according to a long-term plan.\"We are one of the smallest teams in the paddock and our aim is to close the gap to Marussia and the other teams immediately in front of us.\"We would have had nothing new to test in Mugello as the upgrades to the car will only be ready by the Spanish GP a week later. So hopefully, we can keep improving the car and by the time the Indian GP rolls around in October, we should be a bit more competitive,\" he said.Karthikeyan was in the city to explore the possibility of a demo drive sometime during the Onam season later this year. While admitting that his five hour stopover was far too less a time to figure out the logistics of such an event, the man called 'the fastest Indian on the planet,' said he relished the prospect of making something like this work.\"Such demo drives have been held in Delhi and Mumbai previously and if we can do one here, it would be the first in the south. The specifics have not been identified as of yet but if we can find the right roads, then it would definitely be possible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12888143", "title": "Cops refuse to file woman's complaint, 2 suspended", "text": "KOLKATA: Kalighat police station - made famous by recent blockbuster Kahaani - became the seat of notoriety earlier this week when an injured woman's repeated requests to file a complaint against her husband and in-laws fell on deaf ears for two days. While the woman kept on pleading, on-duty cops continued to add to her woes. On the first day, a sub-inspector kept her waiting till dead of night without registering the complaint. A day after, additional OC called her to his chamber and lambasted her with obscene remarks, with the woman's husband enjoying every bit from across the table. The complaint was registered only after senior officers from Lalbazar intervened. The two policemen were finally suspended and the husband was rounded up, but the others named in the FIR are still absconding.The victim, who runs a school, had moved out of her in-laws' house with her son after her marriage with Badal Das did not work. According to the woman's complaint, her brother-in-law Meghnath Das had called her to her in-laws' house on Harish Chatterjee house on Monday. The moment she reached there, she was attacked by her husband, brother-in-law, mother-in-law Anubha and two other women. They even snatched her earrings, chain, mobile phone and bag.The complainant goes on to add that the accused even tried to choke her to death with a pillow, but she somehow managed to escape and reached the police station with blood gushing out of injuries in her nose and private parts. However, neither duty officer R N Guha nor any other cop took her complaint or sent her to the hospital for the mandatory medical examination. Her mother finally took her home at 2am, with no complaint being registered.On Tuesday, she got herself treated and went back to the police station only to find her husband sitting at additional OC Kalyan Kumar Dutta's chamber. \"The OC pretended to be my friend. He went on insisting on how I planned my life ahead and even passed indecent comments. I told him I am more concerned about getting my in-laws arrested as I wanted justice. But all my pleas fell on deaf years,'' alleged the woman. The cops then lodged a general diary when they came to know that mediapersons were informed about the incident.It was only on Wednesday the matter was reported to Lalbazar. DC (south) D P Singh came down to Kalighat police station and filed a case under various sections, including IPC sections 307 (attempt to murder), 498 A (Husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty), 379 (stealing) and 34 (A). The two cops were suspended for dereliction of duty and a departmental inquiry has been initiated against them.The victim's husband was arrested on Wednesday on the basis of the FIR, but four others are still at large. \"We are raiding several places and hope to arrest those absconding soon,'' said Singh.The reel does not always reflect the real. Days after the Vidya Balan starrer Kahaani showed the entire Kalighat police station helping the protagonist in her quest for justice, a woman - also a mother of a boy studying in class 1 - has alleged police inaction and misbehaviour by cops from the same police station. The woman was allegedly beaten up by five of her in-laws near the chief minister Mamata Banerjee's residence at Harish Chatterjee Street on Monday night. But when she went to complain to the Kalighat police station, the duty officer, SI R N Guha allegedly kept her waiting from 11 pm for over three hours.That is not all. When she tried to lodge a complaint later on Tuesday, she found that the additional OC was with her husband. Later, the victim was called to his chamber alone by this same officer who then allegedly passed obscene remarks at the woman. The incident has reignited the bitter memories of the infamous gang rape case just two months ago.Finally, when news of the incident reached top cops at the Lalbazar police station, DC (south) D P Singh himself went to the police station and heard the woman's woes. Based on her statement, a FIR was lodged against her husband and four in-laws. Even as the husband, Badal Das alias Monojit Roy was arrested on Wednesday, the others are still absconding. The DC found that SI and the additional OC Kalyan Kumar Dutta has been suspended for deliration of duty and a departmental enquiry has been constituted against them. Badal was produced in a local court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "model town extension", "code": "12890128", "title": "Shaurya gears up for world karate championship", "text": "MODEL TOWN EXTENSION: Shaurya Tuli is practising hard for world championship of mixed martial arts scheduled to be held in New Delhi on May 1. He would participate in Karate sub junior category and is quite confident of clinching a medal in the competition.Resident of Model Town Extension, Shaurya said, ''In this championship martial arts players from different country would participate. I feel it would be great exposure and learning experience for me as I have never participated at this level.''Shaurya, 8, started practising karate at the age of six and has won many medals in district and state level championships. He said, ''My father is a fitness freak and he inspired me to take up sports. I told my parents that I wanted to take up karate and they allowed me at once.''A student of RC Jain Dhristi Public School, Shaurya practices at school for two hours every day under coach Mohammad Ishfaque. ''Like other players, I also aim to represent my country at international level competitions around the globe. I want to bring honour to my country,'' he said.Shaurya adds, ''I groom my game daily and watch karate matches very deeply so that I get to learn. Karate is a very daring game and a player should have a flexible and healthy body for this game.''Shaurya's father, Munish Tuli, said, ''I am very proud of my son and hope that he bags a medal at the championship. I am very conscious about my health and body fitness, and also take care of Shaurya's fitness.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12888328", "title": "Competition Commission of India rejects petition of Manappuram Jewellers", "text": "KOCHI: The Competition Commission of India recently rejected a complaint by Thrissur-based Manappuram Jewellers Pvt Ltd and it reveals the fierce competition among jewellers in Chalakudy, a small town in Thrissur district.Manappuram Jewellers had filed a petition against the Kerala Gold and Silver Dealers Association (KGSDA) of Thrissur and five other local jewellers in and around Chalakudy, claiming that they were abusing their dominance in the gold market.In its complaint, Manappuram said that members of KGSDA had been putting up stickers, notices and banners in their shops saying that they would not buy Manappuram Jewellers' gold as it was of inferior quality. The company also alleged that KGSDA was involved in rigging gold jewellery prices.After an investigation into the complaint, CCI concluded that \"only three jewellers had admitted to displaying stickers for 2-3 days inside their shops and no evidence was available to establish that this practice was adopted uniformly by the members of KGSDA\". CCI also noted that KGSDA didn't fix the prices of gold and silvery jewellery and hence rejected the petition of Manappuram Jewellers on Monday.What instigated this unseemly chain of events was the attempt to control the Chalakkudy gold market.Even though Chalakkudy is a small town with a population of roughly 1.15 lakh, it is the catchment area for towns nearby as well as remote villages of the Thrissur district. Major Kerala jewelers were neglecting the town for quite a long time despite its potential as a shopping centre for people from towns abutting the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border. \"The gold market in Chalakkudy was dominated by a particular jewellery group and when Manappuram opened a jewellery store of 6,500 sq ft, it sparked off fierce competitionresulting in other jewellers putting up notices against them,\" said a source close to Manappuram Jewellers.On the other hand, the others accused Manappuram of trying to muscle into the market with sheer financial might. \"They were offering a Mercedes Benz car as prize, and Rs 25 extra per gram of gold they bought back from the customers. We found ourselves unable to compete with their marketing strategiesand hence, pasted stickers telling customers that we would not buy back the gold at a higher rate,\" said a jewellery owner on condition of anonymity. When contacted, Manappuram Jewellers declined to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889045", "title": "Query on kids make unmarried women candidates blush", "text": "PATNA: Candidates had to answer several embarrassing questions while filing nominations for urban local bodies elections.The reason is not far to seek. In column 3 of the affidavit each candidate had to mention the number of children he/ she has and if a child was born to them after April 2008. This question was more embarrassing for the unmarried women candidates.Filling this column was mandatory.Archana Kumari, a ward councilor candidate, said, \"I am unmarried yet filling the column requiring the candidates to disclose the number of children they have in the affidavit. It was quite disgusting. This question should have been put to only married men and women.\"Another candidate Parween Sultana said, \"In that particular column, in angst I scribbled that I had no child either before April 2008 or after that, for I am unmarried.\"Equally embarrassing is for the aged candidates of both sexes as well as widows in making such declaration. The nomination process was completed on Tuesday last.The State Election Commission, which is authorized to conduct the urban local bodies election, justifies this provision in the format. Fathering or delivering a child after April 4, 2008, is a disqualification if the number of children crossed two to a male or female candidate, said an official of the commission.\"We are strictly adhering to two-child norm in this election,\" said joint state election commissioner Ahi Bhushan Pandey. He said this had been provided in the Bihar Municipal Act. Under Section 18(1) of the Act, the candidates have to disclose number of their children and also if they had any child after April 4, 2008.\"We have nothing to do with how many children they had before the deadline but consider the children born after that date,\" Pandey said.Despite the embarrassing query, however, women have outnumbered men in filing nomination for the 2760 posts of ward councilors in the urban local bodies across the state.The polling will be held in two phases on May 18 and 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889165", "title": "Bihar to help farmers set up nurseries", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi chaired a high-level meeting on Thursday and discussed the work plan under Hariyali mission for plantation of 1.2 crore trees in the state during financial year 2012-13 to increase the forest cover from 9.79 per cent to 15 per cent in the next five years.It was decided in the meeting that farmers would be encouraged to set up their own private nurseries. They would be provided subsidies for that. The government would help farmers in developing 2,350 private nurseries in the next five years. In current financial year, selected farmers with required skills would develop 114 private nurseries. The government would purchase and supply the saplings to the farmers owning nurseries.Modi, who also holds environment and forest department portfolio, said the department would start its 64 permanent nurseries on 64 hectares of land. He said the horticulture wing of the agriculture department had transferred to the environment and forest department its 135.56 hectares of land for developing 90 nurseries and each of them would grow 50,000 saplings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12888839", "title": "Graduation ceremony at All-India Institute of Speech and Hearing today", "text": "MYSORE: As many as 54 children will graduate from the pre-school attached to All-India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH) during the annual graduation ceremony at its campus on Friday. About 89% students will get into the mainstream, while 11% of them with communication disorders will seek admissions in special schools.The department of special education's aim is to provide qualitative educational services to children with special needs. The department offers special educational services to children with communication disorders, offers guidance and counselling to caregivers, disseminates information and resources to other professionals and empowers caregivers.The main purpose of pre-school training centre is to promote inclusion of children with communication disorders. The centre provides early intervention services for children with communication disorders such as hearing impairment, mental retardation, autism spectrum disorders, cerebral palsy and delayed development. Preschool training is offered in essential areas like self-help, cognitive, motor, social skills with special emphasis on speech and language development in order to prepare children with communication disorders. DDPI D K Basavaraja will be chief guest at the graduation ceremony. Education officer R Narasimaiah will also participate, according to AIISH PRO A R Keerthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12889499", "title": "Illegal plying of motorboats continue", "text": "VARANASI: Savitri Singh, a housewife from Delhi who had come to the city to seek blessings of the Ganga, was shocked to know that the motorboat that she had boarded with her family and friends a few minutes ago, was banned in the river. However, the constables of Jal Police were not sure if the motor operated boats were banned, when asked by TOI team. Ram Anand (name changed), a constable of Jal Police, said: \"We have no knowledge about a notification of any ban on the operation of motorboats. Perhaps they are not allowed to operate during evening...\"If the boatmen of the city are to believed, approximately 200 motor operated boats are being illegally operated between the seven km stretch of the Ganga between Ramnagar Fort and Malviya Bridge, Rajghat, which was declared a wildlife protected zone in 1989 under the Wild Life (Conservation) Act-1972 for nesting of tortoise. But the officials of the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN), forest department and Jal Police feign ignorance.After the declaration of wildlife protection zone, the plying of motorboats in the Ganga in the city was banned from the year 1992. \"Boatmen get licence from the VNN for manual boats and run the motor operated boats on the same licence. Most of the domestic tourists who come for devotional purposes prefer these boats as they are better as compared to manual boats in terms of speed and time,\" informed Jitendra Nishad, a boatmen on Dasaswamedh Ghat.However, additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh said: \"No licence for the motorboats have been issued since 1992. Moreover, VNN officials go and check the boat, its capacity, its safety equipments before issuing licence for manual boats. So, there is no question of misusing the licence,\" he claimed.Putting the blame on the forest department, Singh also added that it was the duty of the forest department to notify the Jal Police that motorboats were banned. At the same time, they should also report if operating such boats was disturbing the tortoise dwelling in the region.On the other hand, according to Dr B D Tripathi, noted environmentalist and a member of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), the motor operated boats are not actually the standard motor boats and are causing trouble to tortoise as well as human beings. \"Third grade diesel engine is used for the operation of such boats, which apart from causing leakage of diesel in the river also does not burn diesel completely. This releases unsaturated hydrocarbons including poisonous gases like sulphur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide in the air,\" informed Tripathi. According to him, the air above the river is often laden with moisture so the hydrocarbons remained trapped in it and rest on the above layer of the water.According to him, recent studies have also revealed that people who go for boating have started complaining about suffocation, inflammation in eyes and other problems. At the same time, third grade engines produce immense amount of sound, which disturbs the aquatic animals as well as the peaceful scenery of the ghats.It is worth mentioning here that since these boats are banned, there is no prescribed charges and weight to be carried by the boat and boatmen often make profit by charging their own rates. \"Charge for one trip is Rs 40-50 per person while 60-70 people can sit on the large boats,\" added Vinod, another boatman.Regional forest officer M K Yadav said: \"A year ago, a rule was imposed that the licences of all the boats would be provided by the forest department. It was protested against by the members of the boatmen community and the order was withdrawn. But, there arose a misconception among the boatmen community that the ban imposed on the operation of motorboats had also been lifted.\"As per the records of the forest department, there are only four personnel who patrol to check the operation of motorboats on the seven kilometre stretch of the Ganga. \"We conduct patrolling for 10 days in a month and fine the errant boatmen,\" Yadav added. Apart from private motorboats, there are two motorboats of the forest department, three motorboats of the Jal Police and one motorboat of the VNN doing rounds in the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888058", "title": "Pak seeks to acquire 100 locos from India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan has shown interest to acquire diesel locomotive engines from India to resume its 'crippled' train services.A Pakistani team that held talks with their Indian counterpart, Railway Infrastructure Technical and Economic Services (RITES), on Thursday has put forth their acquisition plan, a source in the railway ministry said.Faced with an acute locomotive crunch, Pakistan plans to buy or take on lease about 100 railway engines from India to get its state-run transport system back on track. RITES officials have promised to look into the demands of the visiting team of Pakistan Railways Advisory and Consultancy Services Limited (PRACS). The Pakistani team is here till Friday to hold another round of talks with the railway officials. Sources said that in case they get lukewarm response from RITES, they would take the diplomatic route to get the assistance from New Delhi.Media reports from across the border suggest that Pakistani railway minister Haji Ghulam Ahmed Bilour had admitted a month ago that the shortage of the locomotives was crippling the rail services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892925", "title": "Only Lingusamy can explain Arya\u2019s ouster", "text": "Director Saravanan, who shot to limelight with his very first film, Engeyum Eppothum, has said that there are no differences of opinion between him and Arya.There was news that Arya would don the greasepaint for Saravanan's film but later it was announced that he had opted out.When Saravanan was questioned about his problem with Arya, he replied that he still has a cordial relationship with him. Saravanan also made it clear that director Lingusamy, who had directed Arya in Vettai, wanted to cast him in the film as he was producing it.So the real reason for Arya moving out of the project can be got only from Lingusamy, said Saravanan.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12895254", "title": "'Iron Leg' Image Worries Tapsee and Shruti Hassan", "text": "In an industry where 'success' matters a lot, two heroines are unable to digest the tags they are branded with. Touted as 'iron leg' beauties, these two starlets are taking tips from seniors to get rid of that image.Sexy sirens Tapsee and Shruti Hassan have some hyped starts to their career, but never escaped from the clutches of flops thereafter. 'Vaastadu Na Raju', 'Veera' and 'Mogudu' are part of Taapsee's Tollywood journey after she got acclamations for her glamour quotient in 'Jhummandi Naadam'. One needs no explanation regarding the fate of those flicks at BO. While there is a hit titled 'Mr.Perfect' amidst them, the credit went to Prabhas and Kajal's chemistry.Coming to Shruti Haasan, her '7th Sense', 'Oh my friend' and latest disaster '3' needs no introduction to tag her as iron leg. Both the hotties are going to face acid test with upcoming 'Daruvu' and 'Gabbar Singh'. Wait for few more weeks to see whether they will become 'golden' legs or remain iron.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12888359", "title": "Okhla pollution: Residents seek PM\u2019s intervention", "text": "NOIDA: Perceiving imminent environmental threats to Okhla Bird Sanctuary from the Timarpur Okhla waste-to-energy plant, at a short distance from the Okhla barrage, a delegation of residents and environmentalists has sought the prime minister's intervention in the matter. Residents have written to the PM complaining that trial runs at the plant have increased air pollution.\"The polluting potential of the plant - which uses municipal solid waste as fuel - is serious as emissions include suspended particulate matter, sulphur oxides, nitrogen oxides, hydrogen chloride, dioxins and furans,\" said convener of NGO ToxicsWatch Alliance, Gopal Krishna. \"Besides emitting organic pollutants, waste incineration also emits green house gases,\" he added.According to the NGO, the emissions from the plant, which is located on the buffer green zone between the Okhla STP and the housing colonies, would not only have an impact on residents within a 2-km radius of the plant but also on the Okhla Bird Sanctuary bordering Noida.\"Toxic emissions are a threat to the bird population which permanently reside in the habitat. They can also affect the migratory pattern of birds that flock the sanctuary every winter,\" said Krishna. \"Birds may also die from mercury poisoning,\" he added.Residents of Okhla, who claim that air quality has considerably degraded since trial runs at the plant began in January, add that they never gave consent for the 2,050 metric tonne plant in their proximity. \"There is documentary evidence to prove that the public hearing was fake; it was conducted in Saket,\" said Ranjit Devraj, a resident of Sukhdev Vihar, whose fourth-floor flat is 100-odd meters away from the chimney of the plant. Residents have organized several demonstrations in the past one year protesting against setting up of the plant, apart from filing a petition. The case filed by Sukhdev Vihar Residents Welfare Association is pending in the Delhi high court.The project has not only invited the ire of residents but also worried health institutes. \"Apart from our hospital, several others, like Apollo, Fortis, Escorts and Batra are located within a 2-km radius of the plant,\" said Father Arthur Pinto, director of Holy Family Hospital. \"There is no justification for setting up this plant in a densely populated area when our own incinerators were shut down by the government,\" he added.Officials of Timarpur Okhla Waste Management Company, were not available for comment. However, the company's website says that the project is a waste-to-energy facility and is hence safer than an incinerator. The website also claims that the equipment in the plant is used to prevent emissions from escaping into the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "12889072", "title": "Stray dogs kill 10-year-old girl in Haryana", "text": "SIRSA: A group of stray dogs mauled a 10-year-old girl to death at Bahiya in Haryana's Sirsa district on Thursday.Residents said that 11 dogs mauled Seema and even attacked one Daleep Singh, who tried to rescue the girl. Daleep had to run for his safety. \"They were so aggressive that I had to run for at least 100 meters,\" he said.The dogs attacked Seema near the fields where her family is employed as farm labourers.\"As we were working, she had ventured a little further to play. We could only hear screams of Seema and Daleep Singh. Though the dogs ran away after Daleep returned with a stick, Seema lay unconscious and had died,\" said Nanak Singh, Seema's father.Sarpanch Harpal Singh said he would take up the case with the district administration so that villagers are allowed to kill stray dogs to prevent such incidents.Inspector Chajju Ram said Seema's body has been handed over to the family after her post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12888226", "title": "\u2018Crime alerts\u2019 yield results for cops in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: An innovative programme by police to reduce crime seems to be yielding good results as the Madhapur police station recorded just one burglary case in the first four months of 2012.Due to the presence of thousands of software companies, hi-fi shopping malls, residential complexes, exhibition venues like Shilparamam and Hitex, Madhapur is a high-priority zone in the Cyberabad commissionerate limits. An analysis of crimes- thefts, burglaries and road accidents- reported in the area was done. Among thefts, chain-snatching has been the main offence and most burglaries have been reported at residences of employees when they go for work and at working men's hostels.In the last one year, police have also noted that several credit card thefts were being reported mostly by the employees who stay in Madhapur and Gachibowli areas. Road accident cases are also on the rise, especially during weekends due to drunken driving. To check these offences, the Madhapur police have decided to inform and educate citizens about the crime trends and precautions to be taken.To execute the plan, police made 1000-odd software companies, 60 residential colonies, 150 working men's hostels and 250 residential apartments to register with them to receive 'crime alerts'. Police have been dispatching alert e-mails to representatives of software companies, who in turn forward it to their employees. To hostel managers, residential colony and apartment representatives, police are sending alerts SMSs.For software employees, police have been sending alerts about white collar offences like credit card frauds and also warning them not to indulge in drunken driving. To residential colonies, the alerts are mostly about chain-snatching offences and burglaries that had taken place in their surroundings. \"We put out details like location and time of the offence. We also send description of the offenders so that residents can alert us if they see any suspects and also add an advisory on how to avoid getting robbed,\" Madhapur inspector Srinath Reddy said.There were scores of laptop, cell phone and credit card thefts reported from working men's and even women's hostels in Madhapur. Police discovered that security at these hostels was not good and thieves could easily enter the hostel by posing like friends of the inmates. \"We kept on sending group SMSs to hostel managers to warn inmates to keep doors locked while sleeping and install CCTV cameras at the entry points and corridors,\" the inspector said.The alerts seem to have worked well as no thefts have been reported at hostels this year. Residential colony and apartment complex representatives have been put on alert about burglaries happening at flats of working couples.Due to the campaign, the number of burglaries has come down drastically. Since last two years, the Madhapur police station has been recording an average of four burglaries every month. However during the first four months of 2012, only one burglary has been reported. \"We are now working on bringing down other offences like chain snatching,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12886520", "title": "Memorandum against building complex at Aquem", "text": "MARGAO: Taking up cudgels for the farmers, the Navelim civic and consumer forum (NCCF) on Wednesday submitted a memorandum to the Margao municipal council (MMC) and the South Goa planning and development authority ( SGPDA) complaining about a building complex coming up in low lying fields at Aquem-Baixo.The NCCF pointed out in the complaint that there was no board at the site displaying the details like name of developer, date of commencement of work, NOC from TCP department/SGPDA, conversion sanad, construction license from municipality, etc.The complaint has also brought to the notice of the authorities that the construction project has blocked the traditional access to the houses of some residents at Aquem-Baixo, further pointing out that the approach road to the project site is only four meters wide which is less than the minimum required road width for a building project.\"This being a field, we are surprised to note as to how a G+7 floor structure is permitted to be constructed there. Previously, this was the only playground for the villagers of Aquem-Baixo and the previous council had even passed a resolution for a playground in this plot,\" the NCCF letter said.It has requested the authorities to issue a notice of \"stop work\" immediately and conduct a site inspection to verify the complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890150", "title": "Enhanced efforts can reduce infant mortality rate: Experts", "text": "PUNE: For every 1,000 live births in the city, 22 infants die within a year of their birth. In 2011 alone, 1,143 infants died, that too mostly due to preventable causes, such as premature birth, low birth weight, diarrhoeal diseases, etc. Despite the considerable decline in the city's infant mortality rate (IMR) in the last decade, the Pune Municipal Corporation's efforts to maintain it below 22 have not yielded results.The number hovered around 25 in 2010; it came down to 22 per 1,000 live births in 2011.\"The city's IMR rate is not that high. It is considerably less than the state average of 28. In 2001, Pune's IMR rate was 32,\" said S T Pardeshi, head, heath department, PMC.\"It came down to 25 in 2010 and further to 22 infant deaths per 1,000 live births in 2011. There is no denying the fact that we couldn't keep it below 22.Efforts are on and we are confident of bringing it below 22,\" he added.Over 1,000 stillbirths or foetal deaths also occur in the city every year. These deaths are, however, not included in the infant mortality rate.The infant mortality rate takes into account deaths of infants who were born alive but died within a year of their birth.Pardeshi said: \"As per our analysis, the reasons for infants' deaths are prominently premature birth, low birth weight, diarrhoeal diseases, respiratory tract infection, maternal disease and congenital diseases.\"The latest report on the causes of death, prepared by the State Bureau of Health Intelligence and Vital Statistics, also lists premature birth and low birth weight as the reasons for 39.8% of total infant deaths in the first year of life, followed by birth asphyxia at 10% and pneumonia and bronchitis at 8% between 2003 and 2008.It also says birth defects or congenital malformation accounted for 6.37% deaths in 2008, the highest in the six years mentioned.Experts, however, say most of the causes can be avoided with good mother and child care.\"Most of the reasons for infant mortality are preventable. For example, if good antenatal or pre-delivery care is provided to the mother, the baby will be born with good birth weight and maturity. This improves the survival and is a major determinant of a quality of life the baby will have in future,\" said paediatrician Sharad Agarkhedkar.\"Common causes of premature birth are infection, multiple pregnancies, abnormal presentation of foetus and low lying placenta,\" Agarkhedkar said.\"Such high risk pregnancies need special care and such a delivery should only be conducted in specialized centres, where paediatricians and obstetricians are available. Another reason for infant mortality is birth asphyxia in which the baby's brain gets damaged due to lack of oxygen,\" he added.\"This can be avoided by good monitoring, maintaining warmer temperature in the labour room and also availability of medical oxygen,\" Agarkhedkar said.Also, according to Agarkhedkar, the immunisation coverage, which is currently hovering at 85 to 90% can be increased to 100%, which will help in arresting the IMR rate.Paediatrician Sanjay Lalwani said, \"About 10-15% of the total deliveries are still conducted at home. This increases the chances of infant mortality. Efforts should be enhanced further to encourage expecting mothers to seek proper heath care.\"\"Low birth weight is related to poor maternal nutrition and lack of antenatal care. It is observed that babies who had a birth weight of less than 2,500 gram, had a much higher risk of death than the babies born with a birth weight of more than 2,500 gram,\" Lalwani said.Cases such as congenital malformations may not be totally preventable.However, other reasons such as diarrhoea, dehydration and deaths due to pneumonia still occur, though they are largely preventable with the help of vaccines and prompt medical intervention, Lalwani added.\"Fifty per cent infants die in the neonatal period, ie, one to six weeks of life. Hence, this problem is closely linked to better antenatal care, better delivery and post delivery care, breast feeding and good nutrition of the mother,\" said gynaecologist Charuchandra Joshi, former president of the Pune Obstetric and Gynaecological Society.The infant mortality rate of Maharashtra also declined by three points and the state government has attributed this to improved healthcare and better reach of health benefit schemes.The Sample Registration System data for 2010 said the IMR (death in age group up to one year) has dropped from 31 deaths per 1,000 live births in 2009 to 28 deaths in 2010.Fact sheet* In developed countries like Japan and Sweden, the infant mortality rate is as low as 4-5* More female babies die in the first year of life than males. Due to society's preference for male child, better care and nutrition is given to male offspring as compared to female* 50% infants die in the neonatal period of 1st to 6 weeks of life. Hence, this problem is closely linked to better antenatal care, better delivery and post delivery care, breast feeding and good nutrition of mother* Premature delivery is a leading cause in infant mortality* Later on, malnutrition, poor sanitation leading to various infections, diarrhoeas, lack of proteins and calories in diet resulting in poor resistance to infections - babies succumb to infections - another important cause* Mother's age at delivery, order of the child in family, family size, socioeconomic condition, level of literacy, (especially of mother), are also important* Better primary health care to mother and child and stress on female literacy will go a long way to bring the IMR further down", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12893162", "title": "Translator as a career option", "text": "In an age where geography is fast becoming history and Internet is cutting across all sections of society, the English language is losing its hold, thanks to the emergence of China, Japan and India as powers to reckon with. In such a scenario, the job of a translator or interpreter is increasingly being seen as a career option by many.The emergence of newer centres of language suggests that there is no dearth of economic opportunities for those aspiring to take up translation or interpretation as a full-time profession. Chinese, Japanese, Arabic, Russian are the languages to look out for.TRANSLATOR VS INTERPRETERInterpretation and translation are two closely related linguistic disciplines. On the surface, the difference between interpreting and translation is only the difference in the medium: the interpreter translates orally, while a translator interprets written text. \"Both interpreting and translation presuppose a certain love of language and deep knowledge of more than one tongue,\" says Prodip Dutta, a freelance translator. A translator usually works with print documents or recordings. An interpreter works on-site real time and does not necessarily do verbatim translation of a speech, but interprets the essence in the best form.PRE-REQUISITESAcquire the skillsThis entails doing a diploma course in translation. Do not confuse this with a language course. You must have a command over at least two languages - the source language and the target language. Source language is the language from where you are translating or interpreting. Target language is the language towards which you are proceeding, whether it's written or spoken. If you are a graduate with a flair for writing along with computer skills, you are likely to have an edge over the rest.MARKET MANTRADo some ground work of the translation agencies in your area and customise your CV accordingly. For beginners, it is advisable to highlight the areas that you would like to specialise in.Easy availabilityIt is better to face the fact that you are not the only translator in your field. It, therefore, makes sense to lower your price to gain entry. You could also develop expertise in a field or subject whose expertise is not easily available. Browse the Internet and do some basic market research that will give you a fair idea about the kind of rates that you could possibly command. Ensure that you are available at all times, including weekends. Also ensure that you have an extremely robust Internet connection.OPPORTUNITIES GALOREUniversities, large MNCs, which have chambers of commerce; firms conducting market surveys; and of course, medical transcription; opportunities are aplenty for translators and also interpreters. If you are good at your job, you could also be enlisted in the Indian National Scientific Documentation Centre (INSDOC), in Delhi. Susobhan Roy, who pursues translation and interpretation of Russian language, as a part-time job, says, \"Those looking for a career in this industry should keep abreast of the modern day developments in the related language field. You should ensure that the quality of delivery is up to the mark if you want to last long in this field. There is no room for mediocrity and insincerity.\"INSTITUTE WATCHDoing a course from the institute of the country concerned will be recognised any where in the globe. For instance, Max Mueller Bhavan for German, Alliance Francaise for French, Cervantes for Spanish and so on. In Bengal, Calcutta University (CU), Jadavpur University (JU) and Ramkrishna Mission offer language courses. The Central Institute of English and Foreign Languages (CIEFL) in Hyderabad also offers language courses.MOOLAH TALKThe remuneration depends upon experience and the quality of translation. It could start at 10,000 per month and go up to 1 lakh or more for interpreters. For translators, it is usually on a per document basis when freelancing.FUTURE PROSPECTSShekhar Niyogi, education consultant, Education Unlimited Inc, says, \"It is likely to improve as more foreign direct investments come into India and there is increased interaction with international investors and partners.\" Malobika Chatterjee, the founder of Mono Translation Bureau in Kolkata, which handles any kind of language issue from translation, editing, course writing, proof reading, transcription, ghost riding and so on, says, \"Love playing with words and make your vocabulary extensive and you are bound to do be a winner.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12889464", "title": "River rafting expedition to reach city on May 25", "text": "VARANASI: Contributing to the Clean Ganga Mission of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) has come with a unique style to commemorate its 50 years of service to the nation by organising a river rafting expedition in the Ganga aimed at creating awareness about the preservation of the river and its eco system.The expedition has already started from Gangotri on April 24 and is expected to arrive in Varanasi after passing through Rishikesh, Kanpur and Allahabad on May 25 and after that it will enter Bihar from Patna and Bhagalpur.Giving this information to reporters at Dasaswamedh ghat on Thursday, IG Training B K Maurya said: \"The river rafting expedition is being conducted in the entire course of the Ganga starting from its source at Gomukh in Himalayas to its destination at Gangasagar in Bay of Bengal.\" According to Maurya, the expedition team consisting of 22-23 ITBP members will pass through five states and 30 major cities.The main objective of the expedition lies in the fact that the team would stop at every 50 km and collect the Ganga water for sampling, its content will be studied and an audio visual presentation of the statistics of pollutants, causes of pollution will be screened at the river side for local natives in all the cities falling in the itinerary of the expedition.\"People will be educated for keeping the river clean and an appeal to the local people would also be made by the expedition team members to stop using polythene on the banks of the river,\" informed Maurya.According to Maurya, apart from creating awareness about the importance of cleanliness and preservation of the Ganga, the expedition is also aimed at acquainting people with the activities of ITBP and instills a sense of adventure among the youth to join the force.According to Maurya, ITBP which has already done more than 20 rafting national and international expeditions is also set to launch a special expedition to Mount Everest from north side during pre monsoon as a part of its Golden Jubilee celebrations. \"ITBP has climbed Mount Everest thrice but this expedition is unique as it will be an attempt to ski down from the Mt Everest after scaling the peak and no expedition team has ever achieved this feat,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12886675", "title": "Government to issue fresh circular on medium of instruction", "text": "PANAJI: The state government on Thursday informed the high court of Bombay at Goa that it would reconsider the entire issue of grants and medium of instruction (MoI) and issue a fresh circular in that regard after consulting all stakeholders.An affidavit to this effect was filed by director of education Anil Powar, stating that the government had now decided to withdraw the circular issued on June 10, 2011, by substituting it with a fresh circular. Powar further submitted that the government shall take an appropriate decision on the issue of grants and MoI by taking into consideration suggestions from all sections of the society as well as the provisions of the Right to Education Act. While doing so, the government shall protect the interests of all sections of the society.The affidavit was filed in a public interest petition filed by Ruhi Dicholkar, complaining that several primary schools had shifted to English as their MoI despite the high courts stay orders in that regard. The petitioner has challenged the circular issued by the department of education (DoE) with regard to the release of grants to primary schools with English astheir MoI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12887186", "title": "Yavatmal zilla parishad employees' transfer process to begin soon", "text": "Yavatmal: The Yavatmal zilla parishad has geared up to compile the names of employees who are overdue for transfer. The draft list would be displayed on April 27.Employees are entitled to file their objections latest by May 3 and thereafter the transfer proceedings would start and the transfer orders would be issued by the end of May. The current year transfer is being done on the basis of the latest guidelines issued by the state government.The employees against whom there are complaints or resolutions from the gram panchayat would be probed by the ZP chief executive officer. If the complaints are found genuine, such employees would also be transferred without considering seniority. This information was given to the media by the CEO Navalkishor Ram here on Thursday.As per the set norms, 10-12% of the employees would be enlisted for the transfer on the basis of their long stay in one place. The transfer may be either on administrative grounds or on request in the ratio of 5:5%. Two percent would be considered for the purpose of bringing employed couples in one panchayat samiti limit.Every year, ZP starts its exercise of compiling the names of employees eligible for transfer due to their long stay in one place. Speculation starts and employees frequent the ZP administrative building right from March till May end. Thereafter the rush stalls as the employees have the ground of the onset of monsoon to avert their transfer. A few employees having political patronage start fielding through their ZP members or officials. Corruption and red tapism are also big factors. The next category is the union leaders of various cadres who would turn every stone to thwart the transfer move by the CEO and the Heads of departments on one or the other pretext. Political interference is a common phenomenon and the employees and their union leaders take shelter of their political blessings. A considerable amount of maney and time is spent in this futile exercise, said sources.The high officials often have to bow down the employees and their union leaders. As a result of this type of interference, restrictions and corruption, the transfer of employees has become a token process.It is more surprising that the employees especially in the headquarters are shifted from one table to another under the same roof. Some teachers have been known to retire from the same place they were originally posted, without getting transferred once.Asked for his reaction on the situation, CEO Navalkishor Ram has said that he is aware of it and added that he would make sincere effort to break this tradition this time. \"I have already issued instructions to the heads of departments to take action against the officers who failed to furnish the seniority list of the employees working under them,\" Ram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892923", "title": "Karan Johar to celebrate 40th b'day in Mumbai", "text": "A birthday party is always an occasion to flex some social muscle. No one knows this better than Karan Johar .And this diarist has learnt that the powerful filmmaker, who was planning to usher in his 40th birthday next month in Bangkok, has changed his plans. We have learnt that a suburban fivestar has been booked instead, with a guest list that is going through some serious chop and change. And while it is too early to guess what will be on the menu, something tells us 'cupcakes' would make for a gorgeous centrepiece.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12893557", "title": "LACS cuts Magnum tablet prices by 36%", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lakshmi Access Communications Systems (LACS) has slashed prices of its tablet PCs by 36 per cent, eyeing over 25 per cent growth in sales amid growing competition.\"We have reduced the prices of our entire range of products by 36 per cent. With the price cut, we expect to increase sales by over 25 per cent,\" company's National Sales Head Vikas Anand told reporters here.The company, which forayed into the tablet market about six months back, sells tablet PCs under 'Magnum' brand and has sold about 6,000 tablets in India till now.Meanwhile, the company launched two new variants of its 'Magnum' range of tablets -- Tamarind B7 (with seven inch screen) and T10 (with ten inch screen). The B7 is priced at Rs 11,499 and the T10 at 20,499.Both the devices run on Android 2.3 operating system and are powered by 1.2 Ghz processor.LACS, which has around 120 experience stores across the country, has set a target of opening 10,000 such stores in the next 24 months.Experience stores showcase the entire range of company's products and \"consumers can go and experience live products which will help them in their buying decision,\" he added.The company would soon also be launching its range of accessories such as wireless keyboard and wireless mouse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12888787", "title": "Mass wedding brings bliss to the needy in parched North Karnataka", "text": "HUBLI: For them, even a single drop of pure drinking water is precious and living a normal life is a luxury. This year's drought has taken a severe toll on the lives of many poor families in North Karnataka and they are finding it hard to get their children married off in a decent manner. However, mass marriages organized by various organizations have come as a big relief for them.In the last one month, hundreds of couples entered into wedlock in more than 50 mass marriage programmes held in the region. Organizers will offer mangalsutra, sari, toe ring to the bride while the bridegroom will get doti and shirt. Though such events are not new here, this time, many families are depending on mass marriages. Many youth associations affiliated to various political parties are in the forefront organizing such programmes in the region. Most of them are raising fund by collecting Rs 10 to Rs 100 from each family in their villages.They organize ceremonies that cost around Rs 50,000 to 1 lakh on the premises of temples or open places in the hamlets. Many politicians in the region are making the hay while the sun shines.They take initiative in holding mass marriages to impress the people with an eye on 2013 Assembly elections. GP members and MLAs are busy arranging such programmes in drought-hit areas to lure the voters. According to sources, in the next couple of weeks, about 28 mass marriages are scheduled to be held in various villages of north-Karnataka region. Nearly 800 couples are expected to tie the knot. \"I was finding it difficult to conduct the marriage of my daughter. She got married in a mass marriage programme held in my village last week,\" said Yellapa Kurbur of Bijapur district. Mohan Nagammanavar, honorary president, Govindappa Juttal Foundation and Janaseva Samiti, Kundagol, which helped 51 couples tie the knot on Thursday in Kundagol, said the objective is to help the poor in the drought affected areas in the time of crisis. According to MLA Sarvabouma Bagali, also a member of the Moorty Pratishtan Mahotsava Samiti, Bijapur, which is holding mass marriage of nearly 50 couples in Agarkhed of Bijapur district on April 29, the poor cannot afford huge expense of marriage now due to drought and mass marriages are the only alternative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890126", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation suspends doctor till further probe", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation on Thursday suspended a doctor, who is pursuing a post-MBBS diploma course at the Kamala Nehru hospital, for his failure to appropriately check the pregnancy status of a 25-year-old woman, who delivered a stillborn baby at the hospital's entrance on Tuesday night without getting medical assistance.City health chief S T Pardeshi said, \"The doctor's written explanation to the show-cause notice issued to him on Tuesday was discussed at a meeting attended, among others, by additional municipal commissioner Naresh Zurmure on Thursday. The explanation given by the doctor was found to be unsatisfactory and it was decided to suspend him till further inquiry.\"The civic body's child death audit committee will look into the case within a month's time. \"The committee will review the details of the case after which a final decision on the quantum of punishment will be taken,\" Pardeshi said. The committee, which is headed by Pardeshi, consists of paediatricians from hospitals run by the corporation as well as state-run Sassoon Hospital, a nodal officer in reproductive child health, and others.Lalita Phulawale, 25, a mother of two, had come to the hospital with labour pains on Tuesday afternoon and was advised admission. However, the doctor deduced from her medical report that the delivery would take place in a day or two. He asked her to come back to the hospital in a day's time. Late in the night, Lalita, who was still in labour pains, was rushed back to the hospital. She delivered the stillborn around 2 am at the hospital's entrance. The hospital authorities had said that their nurses had either gone back home or were busy in the operation theatre when the woman arrived at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888878", "title": "Caste census staff get a lesson in manners", "text": "CHENNAI: The socio-economic caste census that starts in the city from May 1 will not necessarily collect information on the specific caste of the people it covers.Enumerators have been instructed 'be kind and courteous' to convince people about the need for the data, which will be kept confidential, but they have been directed not to be insistent if individuals are uncomfortable about divulging their caste.Corporation of Chennai has started training people who will carry out the headcount. More than 100 people between the ages of 30 and 58 gathered at each of 15 centres, including corporation schools and zonal offices in the city, on Thursday, the first day of the training. They carefully took notes from a video and focused on acquainting themselves with data entry formats and the soft skills they will require for the census.\"People have been instructed not to argue with people or dispute the information they provide,\" a trainer said. Enumerators will enter information even if they suspect that it is be false, but will immediately have to inform their supervisors about the dodgy data.The corporation will over three days train 3,104 enumerators in 15 zones how to collect data and in the technical know-how they'll need. \"They are being taught to use biometric tablets to update and upload information on a central server,\" said Anthony Kavitha, a corporation school headmistress and trainer-cum-supervisor for the census. \"People who will be covered will be informed how the census will contribute to policy changes and development.\"Two weeks ago 80 trainers handpicked by the civic body took part in a two-day training session conducted by an expert from National Institute of Rural Development (NIRD).The format has also been clearly outlined to all the enumerators. \"The oldest earning member is considered the head of the family. An ordinary family is one that cooks at least one of their meals from a single kitchen. If the house is filled with bachelors who eat out, each individual will be counted separately,\" said Kavitha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12889255", "title": "Strict selection norms for armed forces reiterated", "text": "BHOPAL: Lt Gen A K Misra, director general (MP&PS;) and a team from Defence Institute of Psychological Research inspected the technical standard of the Selection Centre Central (SCC) here on Thursday, a release from Service Selection Centre stated.Commandant Maj Gen AK Sahgal apprised the inspecting team of \"the refinement done to selection procedures to ensure quality retention and selection of candidates, who appear for the Service Selection Board ( SSB) interview. He also briefed them about the need to keep pace with latest developments in hiring and changing socio-economic values of society, the release stated.Lt Gen Misra reiterated the need for maintaining stringent and time-tested norms for selection, while moving ahead with refinements. He emphasised that while armed forces needed more officers, those selected must pass stringent tests to ensure that selected candidates are equal to the enormous responsibility that an armed forces officer will need to shoulder in order to serve the nation.The two-day intense inspection focused on technical aspects relating to the five-day selection process at the SSBs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887116", "title": "VC, Controller of Examinations should own up responsibility for leak: Kedar", "text": "NAGPUR: As many as three paper leaks in four days, but no action from the Nagpur University bosses, apart from lodging a police complaint. Has responsibility been fixed on any of the statutory officers?According to former vice chancellor Haribhau Kedar, the incumbent VC should own up the responsibility for being an executive head of the university in such cases. \"Even as there are other statutory officers like Controller of Examinations (CoE) and number of committees involved in the entire examination process like Board of Examinations (BoE), the VC remains the statutory head of all of them. He must have courage to stand up and take the responsibility of whatever wrong is happening,\" he said.He added that the VC, along with the university's management council, should try to plug all loopholes by taking stern action against erring officials. \"The paper leak can happen from variety of sources in the exam system. It may be through paper setters, moderators, printers or even from exam centres. During our times, we used to print the questions sets from outside Nagpur to prevent such incidents,\" he said.Agreeing with Kedar's views, management council member Mahindra Nimbarte said that not only VC, but the CoE should own up the responsibility as he is head of the exam section. \"Any or all of these statutory officers must own up the responsibility for these blunders. Just handing over the inquiry to the police and sitting idly is not enough. Some heads must roll,\" he said.Senate member and student leader Ritesh Ganar said that even BoE members should face the music for such leaks. \"Unfortunately in Nagpur University, nothing of this sort happens. Instead, the officials here try to pass buck on each other and even on media for their own negligence. Many such incidents happened in past but not one was punished,\" he said.However, management council member Abhijit Wanjari stated that responsibility could not be fixed unless the inquiry panel comes out with findings, naming an individual or a group responsible for the blunder. \"Lodging of police complaint is OK, but in such cases, in-house enquiry must be conducted to trace the chink in the armour, as NU officials must be more aware of its system rather than police,\" he said.University PRO Prashant Mohite refused to comment stating that he had forwarded all the queries to CoE Kane and only he or VC would be able to answer them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887853", "title": "\u2018Commonwealth Games tender may have been fudged\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: An official working with a private firm, involved in bidding for the Delhi government's street-lighting work in run up to the 2010 Commonwealth Games , on Thursday hinted to a trial court that the tender process was fudged from the word go.Spaceage Switch Gears deputy manager A K Bandopadhyay, who bid on street-lighting work on behalf of his firm, made the insinuation while deposing as prosecution witness before special judge Pradeep Chaddah.Alluding that the tender was manipulated to unduly benefit the beneficiary company, Bandopadhyay said the file of M/s Sweska Powertech, the firm accused of getting undue benefits, was taken out after the opening of the tenders and one of the promoters of the company had manipulated the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887646", "title": "Mayor race: BJP wades into caste cauldron", "text": "NEW DELHI: A last-minute change in its mayoral candidates has upset BJP's caste calculations with the party ignoring the claims of the politically significant Jat and Gujjar communities and nominating two Vaish leaders and one Poorvanchali.The decision to nominate two mayors from the same community - Meera Aggrawal and Savita Gupta - for North and South Corporations has not gone down well with senior members of the party. The decision to nominate Savita Gupta to the mayor's post in South seems to have come at the expense of Jat candidate Sarita Chaudhary.While senior party leaders were critical of the selection of south Delhi's mayoral candidate, they welcomed the decision to nominate a poorvanchali councillor, Annapurna Mishra, for the post of Mayor in east Delhi.BJP, which emerged as the single largest party in all the three corporations, didn't nominate any councillor for the post of deputy mayor in South corporation. BSP's Bir Singh and INDL's Krishan Kumar Pahelwan, who defeated three-time councillor and former leader of MCD House JK Sharma, have filed their nomination for the post of deputy mayor.Sources say that Sarita Chaudhary, a two-time councillor, was considered a strong contender for the post but she had to give away. She was the deputy standing committee chairman in unified MCD and has not been accommodated even in the standing committee. She seems to have been sidelined at the instance of the state BJP leadership.On Thursday, 33 councillors filed nomination for the post of mayor, deputy mayor and standing committee members for the three corporations - South, North and East. It is in for a tough fight in South Delhi Municipal Corporation as NCP and Indian National Lok Dal (INDL) have nominated their councillors.In South corporation, NCP's Phool Kali and INDL's Seema Pandit, a BJP rebel, are likely to give a tough fight to BJP's three-time councillor Savita Gupta. BJP's Meera Aggarwal and Annapurna Mishra will be the mayor of North and East corporation respectively. Similarly, BJP's Azad Singh and Usha Shastri will be the deputy mayor of North and East respectively.Sources say with Congress supporting NCP's mayoral candidate - Phool Kali - a nervous BJP is working hard to garner support from BSP. And its decision of not nominating any BJP councillor for the post of deputy mayor is a step towards getting the support from BSP.While the Congress has made it clear it will not form the corporation in south, its decision to support NCP's mayoral candidate has not goen down well with BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12877851", "title": "Shahid, Bipasha's coffee break", "text": "A popular cafe chain claims that a lot can happen over coffee.And when we spotted Shahid Kapoor , Bipasha Basu , director Siddharth Anand and his wife at a suburban coffee shop close to Karan Johar's office we couldn't help but agree. Interestingly, this wasn't just a one-off coffee trip. The foursome was seen hanging out at the place regularly over the past couple of weeks.According to eye-witnesses, the actors, the filmmaker and his wife who also happens to be Shahid's dress designer hit the cafe around 11pm. Over coffee, they would discuss script ideas. And why not? After all, both Shahid and Siddharth have some free time on their hands right now.Siddharth's project, the official remake of Tom Cruise starrer Knight And Day is yet to take off. On the other hand, Shahid too had nothing to do. In fact, after completing Kunal Kohli's Teri Meri Kahaani, the actor was completely free and had even claimed that he was 'jobless' at the moment.To make good use of their free time and channelise their energies better, the actor and director perhaps chose to brainstorm at the cafe instead.When contacted, director Anand said he was at a writer's retreat in Goa preparing a new script and chose not to divulge details about the cafe trysts.But with Bipasha out of the country (in Singapore , to be precise) and Shahid soon starting YRF's film with Parineeti Chopra , the coffee outings are simply a thing of the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12888048", "title": "Aadhaar card scam unearthed in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Raising serious security issues over Aadhaar cards, an enrolment agent has processed 30,000 unique indentity cards (ID) within a span of just six months in the Old City. Also, among them 800 were enrolled under the physically-disabled persons category. However, a probe by investigating agencies revealed that the Aadhaar cards registered under the physically-disabled category were created with fake identities.The civil supplies department, which is the nodal agency for rolling out Aadhaar cards in the state, had assigned the task of enrolling citizens to eight companies, including Infrastructure Leasing &amp; Financial Services Limited. The fraud was committed by infrastructure major IL&FS;'s data entry supervisor of the Old City, whose first name, according to civil supplies department sources, is Mohammed.On April 20, the state government authorities became suspicious about the fraud as the agent had registered details of 30,000 people for Aadhaar card in a span of just six months, which would normally take two years. On scrutiny, they found that 800 enrolments were under the physically-disabled quota, where a person is without either fingers or eyes.The uniqueness of Aadhaar card is inclusion of iris scan and fingerprint details in the card's micro chip. However, to include those without fingers and eyes, an option has been provided in the enrolment process, where it would be declared that the candidate does not have fingers or eyes. As Aadhaar card would not have these details printed on the card, it would become easy for the fake user to utilize the card to get essential identification documents like a passport.Based on the government's directions, the Charminar police have conducted a probe into these physically-disabled Aadhaar card holders and found out that none of those candidates reside at the given addresses and their other details were also fake. After the probe, the civil supplies authorities were informed and they gave the go ahead to book a case against the supervisor.On Thursday, police booked cases under sections 468, 471, 419, 420 and 120-B of the IPC against Mohammed. As police began probe into the activity, he fled from the city a few days ago.However, a special team nabbed him in Mumbai. He would be brought to city soon. \"We are looking into the possibility that all the 30,000 Aadhaar card registrations made by him could be fake and the main challenge is to know for whom he did it and what purpose,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887174", "title": "Teachers still refusing to correct papers", "text": "MUMBAI: Teachers from across the state continued to boycott answer paper evaluation. They said their meeting with the officials from the department of higher and technical education had ended inconclusively.Over 250 teachers protested at Azad Maidan over non-receipt of their Sixth Pay Commission arrears. The protest was called overnight after talks with the government failed yet again.C R Sadasivan, Bombay University and College Teachers' Union (BUCTO) president, said, \"Even after a nine-hour meeting with Rajesh Tope, the minister of higher and technical education , and after discussing our demands in detail, education secretary Sanjay Kumar refused to sign the official document. I understand that the students are getting affected for no fault of their own but the fault lies with the government,\" he added.Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers Organization (MFUCTO) general secretary Tapati Mukhopadhyay said, \"On April 25, they told us it would be resolved in half an hour; the next day it get postponed to Saturday.\"The varsity has been getting exam papers checked by contractual and junior professors, claimed Madhu Paranjpe of BUCTU. \"Paper correction is a serious job and letting inexperienced teachers correct them is putting the student's future at risk,\" said Rohini Sivabalan, vice-president of MFUCTO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12895362", "title": "Aarushi murder case: Supreme Court tells Nupur Talwar to surrender before Ghaziabad court on Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback to the Talwars in the Aarushi murder case, the Supreme Court has asked Nupur Talwar to surrender before the Ghaziabad sesions court on Monday.The apex court refused to stay the non-bailable arrest warrant against her.The court allowed her to move bail plea before trial court on Monday and asked the magistrate to decide it on the same day.SC says it will hear in detail on next Friday Nupur Talwar's plea for review of the apex court's January 6 order by which it had dismissed her petition challenging the trial court summoning her as an accused in the case despite the CBI filing a closure report.The trial court had summoned both Dr Rajesh Talwar and Nupur as accused by an order of February 9 last year.Nupur had pleaded in her petition that besides being an aggrieved mother and law abiding citizen, she also enjoys the reputation as one of the best dental surgeons of this country and if she would be arrested, then people would not make any distinction between arrest at a pre-conviction stage or post-conviction stage of this present case.Nupur and her husband Rajesh Talwar are facing trial in the twin murder case of her daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj.Aarushi was found dead with her throat slit at their Noida residence on the night intervening May 15 and 16, 2008, while the body of Hemraj was recovered from the terrace of the house the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12888558", "title": "Olive Ridley turtles keep away from narrow Malabar beaches", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The beaches of Kolavippalam near Payyoli here are turning out to be an unattractive spot for Olive Ridley turtles, an endangered species of sea turtles. Over the years, there has been a sharp dip in the visit of turtles to the shore for laying eggs. The normal nesting period of these turtles is from September to March.The unscientific construction of seawalls and increased human activity on the beaches has been proving detrimental to the turtle visits. The situation is no different at Thaikadappuram at Neeleswaram, Kasaragod.Non-governmental organizations engaged in turtle protection say this year only three nests were found compared to more than 40 turtle nests each with 40-180 eggs at Thaikadappuram earlier. At Kolvaippalam, it has declined to 10 this year from more than 60 nests in the past.The illegal sand-mining at Kolavippalam beach has also deterred the turtles from visiting this place.The rampant construction of seawalls on the beaches in Malabar has constricted the long and narrow coastline. \"Turtles have been skipping Kolavippalam in the recent years as area of beach has been declining. At one time, the beach was the 1.5km wide,\" said M T Sureshbabu, president, Theeram Prakrithi Samrakshan Samithi.At Muthiyam beach in Kadalundi more than 20 nests are found every year. But after seawalls were built, not even a single turtle has visited the beach. \"Rampant construction of seawalls, erosion of beach, light, human habitation, slop of the beach and angle affects the nesting places and turtle visits,\" said K Sunil Kumar Mohammed, head of molluscan fisheries division at the Central Marine Fisheries ResearchInstitut( CMFRI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888366", "title": "Cabinet puts off \u2018lopsided\u2019 bill on sexual harassment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet deferred giving its nod to the Protection of Women from Sexual Harassment at Workplace Bill, 2010 after several Cabinet ministers expressed concern that the bill appeared loaded in favour of the complainant and the burden of proving innocence was on employers, which could encourage misuse of the law.The Cabinet referred the bill to a GoM that is likely to include home minister P Chidambaram, HRD minister Kapil Sibal, law minister Salman Khurshid and minister for women and child development Krishna Tirath .Sources said the language of the bill needed to be redrafted to ensure that there was no room for harassment of an innocent employer through a motivated complaint filed by a disgruntled employee. The bill brings within its ambit all domestic workers, besides women working in formal and informal sectors.A senior minister, speaking on condition of anonymity, said, \"Some more discussion is neededon the bill. You cannot have it completely one-sided.\" The bill aims at ensuring a safe environment for women at workplace - be it public or private.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889627", "title": "Rajasthan government to soon clarify on certificates required by orphans under RTE", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after TOI published a report, \"Orphans in peril as RTE mandates parents' income, caste certificates,\" the Rajasthan government's social justice and empowerment department has written to the education department to soon clarify the issue of certificates mandated under RTE for orphaned children.The report had highlighted how orphans were being asked documents like parents' income certificate, caste certificate, age certificate etc. to get admission in private schools. The RTE Act 2010 had made it compulsory to reserve 25% seats for economically weaker sections in private schools.Aashrya Care Home superintendent Sushila Morthiya had filed a complaint with the education department when schools demanded various documents like income certificate, which an orphan cannot produce. However, despite her repeated efforts, she failed to get an answer about what documents she could produce to get those children in her child-car home admitted to private schools under RTE.\"They (schools) should admit such orphans without seeking any such documents under RTE. However, now the social justice department has written to education department urging them to issue a clarification on income certificate for orphans, the schools can admit such children without demanding any such documents,\" said an official of social justice department.He said that the NGOs or social organizations can themselves or through child welfare committees, assure schools that these children are orphans and for that reason, income certificate is not necessary for them.According to the official, the state government had been keeping orphans under the Other Backward Classes (OBC) for providing various benefits. Such children are also kept under disadvantaged children category under the Free and Compulsory Education Act 2009. The state government has considered such category children suitable to be covered under 25% reserved seats in private schools.He said that the schools should not demand any age proof or BPL cards from any children as it is not compulsory under RTE. If they are demanding them, it is not right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890557", "title": "'Explain low rate of recruiting reserved category teachers'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The National Commission for Scheduled Castes has written to the MHRD and the UGC regarding the low representation of SC/ST/OBCs in the teaching staff of the Central universities in the country. The commission has sought a report on the reason behind sanctioned posts in the universities lying vacant.A reply to an RTI query shows that Central universities are apparently not very keen on filling the vacant posts of SC/ST/OBCs professors, associate professors, readers and assistant professors. The RTI data from 24 Central universities shows that most of the universities have more than half the sanctioned posts for SC/ST/OBCs lying vacant.The situation is no different in Central universities in UP. Out of the universities which have responded to the RTI query, Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University, Lucknow, has 67% of the teaching staff from General category. Out of 106 teaching staff, including professor, associate professor and assistant professor, 71 are from General category. Allahabad University, on the other hand, did not have even a single SC/ST/OBC appointment in the professor grade. The same grade has 12 General category appointees. The Banaras Hindu University , in response to an RTI query from Mahendra Pratap Singh, has revealed that out of 51 posts sanctioned for professors, for SC, none have been filled. tnnThe appointments have only been made in the grade of assistant professors, but there are still 96 posts vacant for SC, 74 for ST and 123 for OBCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890530", "title": "Toilet scam stinks online", "text": "LUCKNOW: The failure of Centre-sponsored Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC) in providing sanitation facilities to rural households of the state has left many 'stinking' lids open in the online forums. TOI's front-page report on the UP Toilet Scam published on Thursday has moved many on Twitter and Facebook to comment on the same.From punstars to celebrities, all started tweeting on the new scam - with bits of sarcasm, satire and sense of disgust. 'Cricket fan' Poonam Pandey's tweet \"The Toilet Scam is a tribute to the common man who defecates in the open,\" goes viral as 'Toilet Scam' and 'Rs 2,900' both were trending as most tweeted keywords on Thursday.@AkhilaShankar sums up the morning experience mentioning the TOI headline, \"Ah India! Where else would I get to read morning headlines like 'Now, UP gets its Rs 2,900 crore Toilet Scam'?\"Taking a dig at the politicians, @sree2weets tweets, \"In a rather strange development, the ministers involved in the 'Toilet Scam' are reporting severe diarrhea instead of the usual chest pain.\" @Krishprash wonders, \"Toilet scam? Now they've started making money from excreta? #PleaseTellMeMore\"Wondering who at all were responsible for the scam, @scratchysingh tweets \"you can't tell by smelling who actually did the Rs 2,900 crore Toilet Scam.\"Irony was not left to the stinking tweets only. TOI's Facebook page experienced the Scam's 'response' as Facebookers went on to blame, and describe, the Toilet Scam. Shubhkarman Singh wrote on Facebook, \"Even the toilets aren't speared! These chaps think it is easy to get away as its not intuitive or easy for a layman to understand all this. Wonder when these jerks will ever stop crippling the Indian economy.\"Punsters were the most famous ones on Twitter as the bunch of one liners flooded twitter. @binoy_momaya tweets, \"Now who is gonna take the Harpic Challenge for this UP(ee) Toilet Scam of 2900Cr.. Toilet Paper scam to follow in near future.. Stay Tuned.\"Taking reference to the famous Slumdog Millionaire scene, @ChinmayiBali tweets, \"Everyone involved in the Toilet Scam Y U NO run around like Jamaal from Slumdog Millionaire?.\"@fakingnews tried to mix pun with some 'intelligent thinking' by tweeting \"Toilet Scam should be linked to the 2G scam. Finally we could know why there are more mobile phones than toilets in India.\" After all, as @LifesPurple tweets, \"Toilet Scam: SHIT HAPPENS but more importantly SHIT MATTERS!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12889194", "title": "Trader looted in Shahpura", "text": "BHOPAL: Two unidentified masked men allegedly stabbed a man and looted cash and a mobile phone from him near Laxmi Parisar Phase I in Shahpura area in the city late on Wednesday, said police.The complainant identified as Ashish Sharma, 35, is a resident of the E-7 Arera Colony. Sharma runs an ice-cream parlour in Rohit Nagar near Shahpura. The incident took place when Ashish was returning home on a two-wheeler after closing the shop in the night. The two masked men intercepted him near Laxmi Parisar, Phase I and allegedly looted Rs 7,000 cash and a mobile phone from him.When the victim resisted, the accused attacked him with a knife and escaped the spot with cash and the mobile phone, the police said.Sharma had sustained injuries on his fingers in the incident. Later, he rushed to the police station to inform about the incident.Though the police immediately carried out a search in the area, the duo could not be nabbed.The police have registered a case under Section 394 (voluntary causing hurt in committing robbery) of the IPC . Further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12888003", "title": "Shortage of coins in city, Madan seeks RBI help", "text": "KOLKATA: State transport minister Madan Mitra said on Thursday that the state government was making a daily loss to the tune of Rs 25 lakh due to shortage of coins. Mitra said he was going to discuss the issue with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).Mitra said that bus and tram conductors were facing problems owing toimmense trouble due to shortage of coins, because of which they were forced to let off passengers without tickets or with tickets of lower value.Mitra said that he had received complaints from several transport corporations regarding the issue had complained about this shortage of coins and they have worked out that the total loss by the five different corporations due to this coin shortage is around Rs 25 lakhs. He said that there was a shortage of Re 1 and Rs 2 coins of denominations of Re 1 and Rs 2. \"Even 50p coins are out of circulation and for that tram conductors face much trouble as the ticket for trams in the second class starts at Rs 3.50,\" the minister said.Mitra said that she will urge chief minister Mamata Banerjee to write to the RBI governor so that the apex bank circulates more coins for the state. He said that even when he approached the RBI officials for issuing coins, instead of Rs 10 lakh coins worth Rs 10 lakh, coins of only Rs 1000 were given. He mentioned that even the private bus operators were also facing much loss as they had to purchase coins at a cost of Rs 15,000 per month. Ashis De a bus owner of route number 222 said that they need to pay Rs 110 for getting coins of Rs 100 and wanted some action from the end of the governmentThe minister criticized the RBI and alleged that some private operators were doing business with coins after procuring them from the RBI, but the bank was not providing coins to the transport department. \"People can not walk in front of the RBI because of these operators, I found it today.\" The RBI should ask the mint to circulate at least two lakh more coins, he said.Mitra also held a meeting with the Calcutta Telephones so that the state buses on long distances can have special mobile telephony system. In case of any accident, so that in case of any accident the control room can be easily informed for help.He said that the transport control room will be set up at Netaji Indoor Stadium and he will set up a helpline number therefor passengers, so that they can get all types of information. \"Even if passengers have left behind belongings on the bus, they can get information about the location of the bus.\"Mitra also said that the state government will run night service buses since people of different professions need to return home late at night and often they are clueless on how to return home. For the passengers, 100 new bus stands will be set up in the city., but Mitra urged the people to protect the bus shelters.The minister said that database of taxis and private operators will be there in the transport control room so that if any vehicle commits any crime, the owner can be easily traced.The minister said that the transport department will prepare the taxi chart soon. \"But we want to make the people aware that the additional 15% rate is only to be charged after 10.30 pm and not before that. Once we make the new fare chart ready it can be misused by the taxi drivers and for that awareness among the passengers is needed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12889923", "title": "For social service, students from 17 schools join hands", "text": "PANCHKULA: From discussing socio-economic issues during inter-school conferences, students are now shifting their focus towards grooming themselves as responsible human beings of the society. For this a group of students from nearly 17 schools from across India and Oman visited the old age home in Panchkula as part of the three-day Round Square Senior Regional Conference on \"Serve And Find\" going on at Lawrence School, Sanawar.These students, all from classes X, XI and XII, brought for them flowers, fruits and a wall clock and took away a rich experience and a sense of satisfaction.Priyanshu Ranjan Gupta, a Class XI student from The Indian School, Oman, said, \"I realized the importance of our parents and took an oath that we will serve our parents forever and will spread the same message all around.\"Utsav Mehra, Class X student of Scindia Boys College, Gwalior, said, \"It was my first experience and I was surprised to see well-educated people and people belonging to rich families have been left alone to live. It was disheartening, but I have decided to visit such places more often.\"Vikramjeet Singh, Class XI student from Lawrence School, Sanawar, said, \"It was great to interact with elderly. I feel youth should come out and work for spreading awareness so that no one leaves their parents alone in times when their support is the only thing parents need.\"Deveshish Mehta, a Class XI student of Lawrence School said, \"It was great feeling to see them smile because of you. It really meant a lot.\"The conference that started on Wednesday at The Lawrence School has a participation of nearly 120 students from 17 schools, who have been divided into six groups -- Helping Hands, Philanthropists, Givers, Contributors, Angels and Kar Sevaks. All groups on Thursday went to different places to offer social service. Where some went to cancer hospital in Shimla others visited an orphanage in Subhatu, Environmental Kasauli, Shimla Ashram and Leprosarium in Mandudhar.Some of the participating schools include All Saints College, Nainital; Bangalore International School; MGD School, Jaipur; MNSS Rai, Pathways World School, Gurgaon; PPS Nabha; Sanskar Valley School, Bhopal; Scindia Boys College, Gwalior; Assam Valley School, Assam; The Daly College, Indore; The Doon School, Dehradun; The Indian School, Oman; Vidya Devi Jindal School, Hisar and Vivek High School, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12888202", "title": "Govt to record interviews of varsity teachers", "text": "KOLKATA: The state has decided to video capture interviews of all job applicants and candidates facing the panel for recruitments in teaching posts in state universities.Vice chancellors (VCs) of the 14 state universities made this suggestion to education minister Bratya Basu and higher education department officials at a meeting on Thursday. \"Now, the modalities to implement the decision will be chalked out. The plan to video record interviews was undertaken to ensure transparency in recruitments. If our decision is challenged in courts of law, then the video recording can be shown,\" Basu said adding that states like Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Uttarakhand already have this system in place.At Thursday's meet with VCs, the higher education department has decided to set up a seven-member committee chaired by the state higher education council chairman, Sugato Marjit.\"The committee will look into the deficiencies and also suggest ways to improve a few clauses in the amended University Act as and when required. They will look at the problems and help overcome the shortcomings. Some of the varsities have informed us about problems they have faced while implementing the act,\" Basu said. They will also take a decision regarding the video recording of interviews.It was also decided to set up a service commission for recruitment of non-teaching staff in universities. \"VCs too have supported the idea. We are now evaluating the possibilities. The job of non-teaching staff will be transferable,\" Basu added. Now, non-teaching staffers are recruited by the individual universities. If the service commission is set up, the recruitment process will be transparent.The education minister also said after completing financial audit of most universities, including Calcutta University, the government is planning to introduce academic audit, too, in order to know the merit of teachers who have been appointed in the universities. The seven-member panel will draw up a proposal after consulting universities on ways to conduct the academic audit.From the 2012 session, teachers in universities will be evaluated by students as well. \"The evaluation will check whether teachers are regularly taking classes and if students understand the lessons. Evaluation cannot be a one way process. However, only those students who meet the prerequisite criteria of attendance and performance will be given the opportunity to evaluate their teachers,\" Basu confirmed. He, however, said the nitty-gritty will have to be chalked out regarding the criteria of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12888021", "title": "Parking slots to be regularized in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: To solve parking crunch, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is earmarking the slots across the city in coordination with Gurgaon police.\"We are working to regularize the parking slots. The biggest problem is that there are several unregistered parking operators. So we are going for proper identification of authorized players,\" said Praveen Kumar, HUDA administrator.The administrator has sought details of all the parking spaces in HUDA sectors including markets, roads and other commercial places. \"Once the details are ready, we will install sign boards with information like parking fee, details of operators and capacity,\" said Kumar.At present, illegal parking operators can be found functioning from various vacant plots in the city. In some case, HUDA's land was encroached upon by the parking mafia and the authority had to seek police intervention to reclaim the land.The agency had got an FIR registered against, a parking operator, who was running multiple illegal parking slots in the city. \"We took action against the illegal parking operators. But now we are streamlining the process,\" said Kumar.Tenders will be invited and parking slots will be given to eligible contractors through a transparent system, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887456", "title": "Time to blow the trumpet against excessive honking", "text": "NAGPUR: Stand at any traffic signal or road in the city and you are bound to hear unnecessary honking. It is also not rare to wake up in the middle of the night due to a horn blaring on the road outside your house.What could be the reason for such behaviour even in silent zones, which not only flouts the law but also the basic principles of civic sense? People attribute it to those wanting to portray themselves as 'cool' or even boredom.\"In India, we have a culture of showing off our vehicles by honking. Also, people, especially youngsters, honk to attract attention or portray themselves as 'cool',\" said Sanket Parma, a final year engineering student.Many people honk even if the signal hasn't turned green. Some say it is in anticipation that the vehicle ahead will not move as soon as the signal turns green.\"I live close to Pratap Nagar square, and the horns are sometimes really unbearable,\" said Kalyani Girdhar, a student. She says that since it is a square with a signal, there is no reason for anyone to honk, but the nuisance remains.\"Boys also speed down the roads, criss-crossing across lanes and honking all along, especially in the night. It is a big disturbance for my studies. People don't have patience, and slowing down is below dignity for people, while honking has become a style statement,\" said the MSc student.Jyoti Samseriya, assistant professor, GH Raisoni College, Shraddha House, said that honking was mainly done by young boys to attract the attention of girls around them. \"There is no other reason. It is quite irritating,\" she said.Along with the lost civic sense, what is more appalling is that the traffic police are not strict about the issue. There are 303 silence zones in the city, but many don't even have a sign indicating the fact.Jayashree Sastri, English teacher at Saraswati Vidyalaya at Shankar Nagar Square, said that honking was a constant problem for the school in this busy area. \"I haven't seen any sign near the school declaring the area as a silence zone even though there are two schools, a college and a hospital on the road from Shankar Nagar to LAD College square,\" she said.\"We teachers usually give students writing work once the noise starts. Most of the times, our throats are sore as we try to be heard over the honking noise,\" said Sastri.Sanket Parma also pointed out the lack of silence zone signs outside most schools.The traffic department claims that the signs had been erected but were uprooted during road works. They said talks were on with the Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC) to restore the signs. They added that 3,924 cases had been lodged against offenders for excessive honking in 2011.The rising sound pollution due to needless honking can also affect health and temperament. \"Loud noise or continuous exposure to it can increase the irritability of a person, affect his or her hearing ability and may even cause blood pressure to rise,\" said Dr Pradeep Rajderkar, family physician.\"What we can do,\" says Sanket Parma, \"is put up signs near squares belittling people who honk unnecessarily. Similarly, those who support no honking can put up signs like those on trucks, asking people not to honk.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887257", "title": "BEST bus fares to rise from today", "text": "MUMBAI: Travelling by BEST buses will cost more as the fares have been hiked from Friday, with the minimum rate now Rs 5 from Rs 4 earlier up to 2 km. The fare rise is between Re 1 and Rs 6 depending on the distance travelled. The hike in fares was cleared at a BMC meeting on Thursday.As the distance increases, the hike goes up from Rs 2 (from existing Rs 5 to Rs 7 for 3 km) to Rs 3 (from existing Rs 7 to Rs 10 for 5 km) and so on to Rs 6 (from existing Rs 12 to Rs 18 for a 15 km distance). The minimum express bus ticket will now be Rs 6, while the AC super and fast tickets will start from Rs 15. The Magic bus pass has been increased to Rs 700 (monthly) and Rs 2,000 (quarterly), the AC Diamond bus pass has gone up to Rs 2,000 (monthly) and Rs 5,500 (quarterly). The AC Express pass is now Rs 2,500 monthly and Rs 7,000 quarterly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12889217", "title": "Welfare projects for newly-annexed areas in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation has chalked out a series of welfare projects to develop the erstwhile panchayats and town panchayats annexed with the corporation recently. The civic body has planned to implement a Rs 40 crore solid waste management project for the three municipalities, three town panchayats and 11 village panchayats annexed to the corporation. The solid waste management works will commence soon as Rs 10 crore has been sanctioned.During the council meeting on Wednesday, mayor V V Rajan Chellappa said that a Detailed Project Report (DPR) was prepared under the Integrated Urban Development Scheme (IUDS) 2012 where the corporation sought Rs 40.12 crore for solid waste management projects in the newly annexed areas. After the corporation approval on January 30, 2012, the DPR was sent for the approval of the municipal administration commissioner and the first phase of funds of Rs 10 crore has been sanctioned in the current fiscal year. The corporation will procure 400 dumper bins, 125 compactor bins and two compactor trucks for the worth of Rs 3.70 crores. The tenders for the same were called and work orders were awarded to two companies, the mayor informed the council. The corporation has also called for tenders to procure 50 dumper trucks for the cost of Rs 6.12 crores to clear solid waste from the newly annexed areas. The mayor sought the council's approval to grant the tenders and sent the proposal to tender award committee at municipal administration commissioner. The council passed both the resolutions during the meeting. City commissioner (incharge), Arumuga Nayanar said that the corporation had already provided two bins each to the newly annexed areas. \"We are repairing another 25 bins and will provide these bins to the areas where a lot of garbage is accumulated. As soon as the government sanctions the tenders we will get the additional materials for solid waste management for these areas,\" he said.The corporation is also working on providing drinking water facilities to the newly annexed areas through the Cauvery Joint Drinking Water Scheme. \"We expect that the drinking water facilities will be provided in a year and we are also working on underground drainage facility to the new areas,\" he said.During the meeting, the council also passed the resolution on leasing 25 tractors and trailers from Madurai District Agricultural Engineering Cooperative Society to clear the garbage from the extension areas as well as some places in the old corporation limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12888497", "title": "Fire breaks out in Kareli", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Property worth thousands of rupees was gutted when a fire broke out at a 'dalmoth' making unit located at Sultanpur-Bhawa in Kareli on Thursday. However, timely intervention of police and firefighters checked the fire from spreading.Station officer Kareli said the fire broke out when an employee of the unit was lighting the furnace. The employees immediately informed the police and fire department who rushed to the spot and doused the flames. The police were assessing the damages. No one was injured in the incident.Suicide: A 27-year-old youth hanged himself at his house in Mahajni Tola under Kotwali police station. Police said the reason behind suicide was yet to be ascertained. The deceased was reportedly pursuing CA course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887401", "title": "\u2018Hike taxi and auto fares only if services improve\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Making representations before the state-appointed Hakim Committee on Thursday, consumer activists opposed an immediate fare hike in auto and taxi fares and demanded that any revision be linked to \"quality of service\". This came a day after an auto drivers' union sought from the committee an assured income of Rs 3.4 lakh per annum and on the day cabbies' unions asked for a fare hike to ensure an annual income of Rs 6.25 lakh.Shirish Deshpande of the consumer rights group Mumbai Grahak Panchayat told the committee that auto fares had already increased in MMR by 25% in the last six months. \"This was better than any increment in pay of industrial workers. Why should commuters pay more money to autowallahs?\" said Deshpande. \"Besides, unless they give good service and install e-meters in all autos, the issue of fare hike does not arise.\"The Hakim Committee was set up by the state in March to devise a formula each for periodic revision of fares of taxis and autos in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region.The consumer rights groups meeting former civil servant PMA Hakim argued for penalization of auto drivers should commuter complaints over refusals, rude behaviour and tampered meters rise significantly. One way the state could punish rickshaw drivers, they recommended, is by withdrawing the fare hike for a period.Deshpande said the fares should in future be based on the metric system. \"We suggested that the base fare be for the first kilometre instead of for the first mile. And that the fare should rise after every subsequent 100 metres,\" he said. \"As per the Consumer Act, a commuter should be paying for every fraction of distance covered.\" Deshpande contended that the metric system would benefit more than 50% commuters since in Mumbai people normally travel shorter distances.He demanded that the government conduct a survey on the operational costs of autos and taxis to assess if unions' demands for fare hikes are genuine.Another activist Sunil Mone, meanwhile, recommended to the committee that the state metrology department be authorized to certify and recalibrate meters in autos and taxis after a fare hike. \"The weights and measures department has trained officials who have in-depth knowledge on meters used in public transport. The RTO does not have the expertise,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12887369", "title": "Tiger dies in trap, another found trapped near Tadoba", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A tiger died after it was trapped in an iron jaw trap laid by professional trappers in Palasgaon range in the buffer zone of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve. Another tiger is still trapped in a nearby snare, but it is alive, said foresters.The dead body of the tiger was discovered by a team of foresters on Thursday evening. One of the forest guards at the spot was also injured when his leg got trapped in a jaw trap while approaching the dead body.The foresters said that the tiger that is still trapped can be heard calling from a distance in Palasgaon range.RFO, Palasgaon Range, Rahul Sorte said that poachers had laid multiple iron jaw traps in compartment no. 559 under Vanmali beat of Palasgaon range on Wednesday night. There is presence of a tigress and a tiger in the area. Both the tigers appear to have been trapped in the jaw traps sometime in the night. One of the two tigers succumbed to its injures, while the other was still trapped when foresters reached the scene on Thursday evening.\"The area is frequently patrolled by our forest guards as phase-IV tiger monitoring exercise is underway. Our guards had gone to the area to install camera traps on Wednesday, but they had returned without placing the cameras since the tigress was present in the area. The forest guard again went to the same place on Thursday at around 5pm to install the camera traps. This time he was shocked to find the dead body of a tiger in a jaw trap,\" said Sorte. He said that the foreleg of the deceased tiger was trapped in the jaw trap. He however did not disclose whether the dead tiger was male or female.Sorte claimed that another tiger is sitting close to the dead body and growling hard. It is likely that this tiger too is trapped in another jaw trap. However, foresters have refrained from approaching this tiger fearing an attack.Tranquillizing experts have been summoned to the spot and an alert has been issued in the district for Baheliya and Bawariya poachers, who have expertise in poaching with jaw traps. Foresters and police department have issued a lookout for traditional medicine sellers, as Baheliya poachers usually enter forest areas in this disguise.Forest guard MB Zade was injured in the evening after his leg got trapped in a jaw trap when a team of forest officers reached the spot. His leg escaped serious injury thanks to the shoes he was wearing. Forest officials expertly removed his leg from the trap, leaving the shoe in the trap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12887933", "title": "Light winds, drizzle bring relief but add to traffic jams", "text": "GURGAON: After waking up to a bright and hot Thursday morning, Gurgaoniites were taken in by surprise when the sky became dark with rain bearing clouds around noon.There was sporadic rain in the city between 2pm and 3pm on Thursday which brought a welcome relief from the soaring temperatures.Light winds along with the drizzle added to the cooling effect as many chose to stay out and enjoy the weather beyond their lunch breaks.According to the weatherman, the reason for the sudden shower on Thursday was a western disturbance over eastern Jammu &amp; Kashmir. But, it is set to clear by Friday and move eastwards, bringing back the heat. However, the weatherman predicted that another approaching western disturbance might help ease the weekend temperatures over the city.A brief spell of rain around 7.30pm, however, caused a bit of traffic problem with poor streetlighting and potholed streets adding to the chaos. Traffic snarls were reported from MG Road, Golf Course Road, Delhi-Gurgaon expressway and near the city bus stand, HUDA City Centre and Maruti Udyog factory after the sudden spell of rains.\"I am glad that it is not as hot as the month of April should be. The past few weeks have been pleasant with continued rains. Since the rains are not heavy, we are not experiencing major traffic pile-ups in the city,\" said Anshul Basu, a student of DU living in DLF Phase II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/balipeta", "code": "12887453", "title": "Maoists send \u2018people\u2019s court\u2019 tape with MLA", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/BALIPETA: Even as the Maoists released BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka on Thursday after 33 days in captivity, they ensured he would not go back on his reported promise to quit the assembly and the ruling Biju Janata Dal .After the handover in Balipeta, Hikaka's tribal escorts played an audio tape that had the MLA purportedly telling a \"people's (praja) court\" that he had failed as a people's representative and that he would quit as a legislator after being released. The unusual Maoist demand for Hikaka's resignation is being viewed as a move to clear the way for Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh president, Nachika Linga, in electoral politics. Days after Hikaka was abducted, Linga had demanded his ouster. The Maoists freed Hikaka in exchange for a government commitment to free 23 of their people behind bars.On Wednesday, the Maoists, who abducted the Laxmipur MLA on March 23 from Toyaput near Koraput, claimed that a people's court had decided to free him after he had \"apologized\" to the rebels and villagers. A Maoist leader identifying herself only as Aruna, had in an audio message aired by a local TV channel here, claimed the decision to release Hikaka was taken after he pledged he would resign his assembly seat and quit BJD's primary membership.Holding an impromptu press conference, the MLA said he ate the same food as his captors and they moved him from one place to another at least thrice. \"They shared with me whatever they ate and also gave me medicines. I did not have any significant medical problem and stayed with them all along.\" A medical team, present at Balipeta, examined Hikaka, before he headed for his home at Laxmipur, where his mother, two sons and other family members were waiting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12890221", "title": "Gangster Jadeja used fake identity to give cops the slip", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Early on Monday a team of Vastrapur police had raided the Eden Garden hotel on the SG Highway. Two couples were caught drinking liquor. It now turns out that one of them was Karan Jadeja, a Porbandar-based gangster. Interestingly, though, the cops came to know about this historysheeter only after he had been released on bail.The twist in tale was Karan had hidden his true identity and had posed as Kamal Patel, a businessman.Once the goof-up was confirmed by cross checking photos of Kamal with that of Karan, procured from Porbandar police, Vastrapur police issued summons to Karan and his friend Vishal Chandarana, aresident of Rajkot in this connection.\"We shall register a complaint against both Karan and Vishal, irrespective of whether they chose to honour our summons or not,\" said a Vastrapur police official. On Monday, when the cops paid a sudden visit to the hotel, Vishal and Karan were with two women and were also consuming liquor. All the four were brought to the police station and booked for violating the prohibition act. They were produced before a court on Tuesday where Karan introduced himself as Kamal. Not just that, a friend stood as a guarantor too and Karan was granted bail by the court.City police are now on a soul-searching mode. \"There were some procedural lapses which led to the release of such a historysheeter who has several criminal offenses pending against him. The most glaring of the errors by the policemen who arrested him was that they did not cross-check the claim that he was Kamal. They did not even bother to ask for his identity proof,\" said a senior city police official.Irked by their lapses, the cops have now sent an application to the city police commissioner, seeking to cancel the license of the hotel where the two couples were caught.The cops also want the hotel officials to share the blame for not cross-checking Karan's credentials before allowing him to take a room under a fake identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12887886", "title": "Builders cry foul over compounding fee", "text": "HYDERABAD: A multistorey building owner of LB Nagar paid about Rs 1.20 crore towards building permission fee to the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC). After completion of the structure, he applied for an occupancy certificate (OC), but was shocked when he was asked to cough up a penalty of Rs 62 lakh for the deviations.Like this commercial building owner, several builders/property owners are crying foul over the new norm - linking the compounding fee to land value for regularising deviations.As OC has become mandatory to get water and electricity connections for the past one year, builders above Ground+2 floors have started approaching the civic body for it. In the last one year, 1,500 builders have applied for OCs. Of them, 724 builders (above G+5 floors) applied at the GHMC head office.To get an OC, builders have to ensure that there are no deviations in their structures. If there are minor deviations, especially for Vaastu or setback violations (except for front setbacks), these can be regularised by paying compounding fee (penalty) to the corporation. However, this rule would be applicable for only those buildings where deviations are less than 10% of the total built up area.Initially, the provision of collecting compounding fee for minor violations was incorporated in the New Building Rules (known as GO 86 issued in March 2006) as OC cannot be denied for simple violations in the buildings. The GO said that the corporation could regularise deviations up to 10% of built up area in non high-rise buildings by collecting a compounding fee of Rs 1,000 per square feet (sft). Since the penal amount was very less, the GHMC wrote a letter to the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department and got it hiked to Rs 5,000 per sft, a couple of years ago for Greater Hyderabad.As a result, in the AP Building Rules 2012, which came into force early this month, the MA&UD; department revised the compounding fee and it is now 100% of the land value fixed by the registration department at the time of collection of penal amount for the violated portion.\"GHMC had collected Rs 40 crore towards penal amount from builders in the last financial year. It is likely to touch Rs 100 crore this financial year. This is mainly due to strict implementation of OC for getting water and power connection,\" GHMC chief city planner GV Raghu told TOI.In the last one year, over 6,500 building permissions were granted, including 5,981 permissions released by zonal and circle offices and another 600 were given by the GHMC head office, GHMC sources said. The owners would also apply for OC and make payment for regularising the deviated portion.\"Though the rule permits for regularisation up to 10% of the total built up area, most owners deviate 4 to 5% of the entire built up area,\" the chief city planner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888768", "title": "Rs 25cr plan to fight diabetes in works", "text": "NEW DELHI: India, home to over 61 million diabetics, is now putting together plans for massive global scientific projects to find innovative ways to fight the disease, whose burden has gone up in the country by 50.8 million since 2010.To be called \"India Programme XII on Diabetes Research\", the ministry of science plans to invite proposals for this global alliance in diabetes research.The ministry says, \"Research needs to be conducted into diabetes through more novel pathways, than the traditional paradigm that is related to an excess of energy in the body either due to overeating or lowered physical activity.\"The International Diabetes Federation (IDF) says by 2030, India's diabetes burden is expected to cross the 100 million mark as against 87 million earlier envisaged. The country is also the largest contributor to regional mortality with 9.83 lakh deaths attributed to diabetes last year.Dr Anoop Misra from Fortis Hospitals said, \"Inter-country cooperation in diabetes research, especially for south Asian population, is important since many such population and ethnic groups share similar metabolic perturbations and high propensity to develop metabolic syndrome and diabetes. Indian scientists would benefit immensely if they share their research experience with counterparts from other nations.\"The science ministry proposal says Rs 25 crore will be set aside for global collaboration with partial funding coming from participating countries.Latest statistics revealed by the International Diabetes Federation's (IDF) 5th Diabetes Atlas say, India's prevalence of diabetes among 20-79-year olds is 9.2%. In sheer numbers, India, however, is only second to China. In 2011, China had 90 million diabetics that will increase to about 130 million by 2030.IDF says, \"India will face one of the toughest struggles against diabetes in the region. India also accounts for most of the 112,000 children in the region with Type-1 diabetes.\"Dhruba Lall Singh, chairperson of IDF's south-east Asia region, said, \"India is obviously a large concern.\"Bariatric surgeon Dr Ramen Goel added, \"One person is dying from diabetes every seven seconds. According to the IDF, the total number of people with diabetes in 2011 reached a staggering 366 million with 4.6 million deaths. Healthcare spending on diabetes has reached $465 billion.\"IDF adds, \"New figures indicate that the number of people living with diabetes is expected to rise from 366 million in 2011 to 552 million by 2030, if no urgent action is taken. This equates to approximately three new cases every 10 seconds or almost 10 million per year.\"The Atlas said, \"Four in every five diabetics at present are between 40 and 59 years. Around 78,000 children are developing Type-1 diabetes every year. By 2030, one in every 10 adults will have diabetes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12889228", "title": "Imphal on the edge over explosions, missing kids", "text": "IMPHAL: Police have tightened security in the state capital following a rise in grenade attacks by underground rebels and frequent disappearance of children. Forty different underground organizations are operating in Manipur - most of them demand restoration of the state's past sovereignty, while others are fighting to safeguard their respective ethnic clusters.\"Elaborate security measures have been taken up to thwart these attacks on offices, residences of officials and businessmen and the mysterious disappearance of children,\" said additional SP (Imphal West) N Herojit Meitei. He said that apart from setting up nine check posts, as many additional quick response teams have also been fanned out to strategic areas. \"We are also conducting frisking operation and sudden raids round the clock to net rebels,\" said the senior police officer.Of the two explosions on Tuesday night, the first one took place near a private nursing home at Lamphel Sana Keithel in Imphal West while another grenade went off near the residence of a minor irrigation engineer at Sagolband in the same district.Meanwhile, at least nine children have gone missing in the last few days prompting parents as well as the police to suspect insurgent outfits for recruitment of chilssd soldiers in their fold. Though there had been reports of child soldier recruitment by rebel groups in the state a few years ago, the outfits flatly denied the claims. In the latest such incident, Rahul Takhellambam, a standard VII boarder student of Don Bosco high school in Chingmeirong, went missing on Saturday.On Tuesday, a sit-in-protest and a public meeting was held at Sangakpham. The meeting decided to launch a stir if the government fails to take concrete action by Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887068", "title": "Metro body will get more powers", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation (MMRC) will be given greater administrative autonomy to help it plan eight Metro lines. Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMR-DA) commissioner Rahul Asthana said the corporation's structure would change but it would stay under the wings of the MMRDA.Nine Metro lines are planned for Mumbai region and only the Versova-Ghatkopar one is under way. MMRDA officials said MMRC would be modeled on the lines of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).Since the Centre will part-fund some Metro lines, MMRC's head could be a Central government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12889778", "title": "Celebs have not always shone in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: The bond between celebrities and Parliament has often not endured beyond the initial excitement, with records showing that famous actors, artists and sportspersons have been niggardly in contributing to the parliamentary debate.In fact, the bigger the name, the weaker the show. The celebrity of celebrities, the nightingale of India, Lata Mangeshkar drew criticism for being absent from Rajya Sabha to which she was nominated. Govinda, a huge box office draw when he was elected to Lok Sabha, was hardly present. Dharmendra won from Bikaner on a BJP ticket but then vanished from the scene. The list is endless.In fact, some of them like Dharmendra proved such misfits that after absenting from Parliament, they shunned their new career in politics in no time.On Thursday, Sachin Tendulkar and yesteryear glamour queen Rekha were nominated to Rajya Sabha but the celebration of iconic figures was tempered by the scepticism whether they would take their duty as parliamentarians as seriously as their vocations.The record of celebrity MPs does not inspire much optimism. Lata, Dharmendra, Govinda apart, Vyjayanthimala, M F Hussain, Dara Singh and Hema Malini have been subject of criticism. A record-keeper with Lok Sabha said Govinda barely attended Parliament 25 times. Lata's no-show triggered strong comments from actress Shabana Azmi.While Dharmendra hardly visited Parliament or his constituency, Dara Singh too preferred to rest on his laurels. Some like Hema Malini, Jaya Bachchan or former cricket captain Azharuddin have been high on attendance but ciphers on performance. In fact, Shabana Azmi is seen as the most active of nominated MPs of all time.Observers view the inactivity among nominated MPs as natural. While they earn celebrity status in their fields of excellence, they are not necessarily ones to take a stand on public issues or rally behind a cause. In fact, most live a cocooned life in their prime and just lack the initiative to step out of it. The fear of controversy is the biggest deterrence.If the establishments of the day have continued to indulge celebrities, especially by nominating them to the Upper House , political insiders agree it is to bask in their reflected glory. After all, BJP picked the 'Dream Girl' and then used her appeal with the masses in electioneering. Congress may be thinking of appropriating the biggest contemporary crowd-puller by nominating Sachin as MP.Tucked away in the celebrity crossover to Parliament has been Dilip Tirkey, three-time Olympian and regarded as the best hockey fullback in recent times who has come to the RS on a BJD ticket. Asked to comment on the dismal record of celebrities as MPs, the 34-year-old hockey star said he would try to attend every session and promised action. \"I will react to issues, especially those relating to sports , tribal areas and education in tribal areas,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887729", "title": "Newly wed woman hangs self after fight with husband", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman committed suicide by hanging from a ceiling fan in Laxmi Nagar in east Delhi, police said. Suneeta (39) was a native of Himachal Pradesh and had got married twelve days ago.The incident took place around 11pm on Wednesday when one of the neighbours informed police about a fight between the couple. \"On reaching the spot, the woman was found hanging from a ceiling fan. She was rushed to a nearby hospital but was declared brought dead. Since her marriage had not completed seven years, an SDM inquiry has been initiated and a case under appropriate sections of IPC has been registered,\" said a senior cop.Suneeta had returned to Delhi three days ago from Himachal Pradesh, police said. Suneeta's husband, Rakesh (35), works as a technician in a printing press. He told police that Suneeta was short tempered and took the extreme step after an argument over a 'petty issue'. According to Rakesh, he left home after the argument and when he returned, he found Suneeta hanging,\" said a cop.However, Suneeta's parents alleged that their daughter was being harassed over dowry and also ridiculed for being older to her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12890190", "title": "Civic body asked to inspect educational institutes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The division bench of HC on Thursday asked AMC to conduct inspection in all educational institutes of the city and submit a report on measures taken in connection with fire safety. The court asked the civic body to do so after the petitioner's advocate cited a Supreme Court order issued after a tragedy that took place in Tamil Nadu. Ninetythree children were burnt alive in Lord Krishna Middle School in Kumbakonam district.The apex court cited many other instances of fire taking place in schools and directed all the states to adopt higher safety standards. The SC issued express directions to all state governments to ensure that all schools install fire extinguishing equipment within six months. The school buildings should be kept free from inflammable and toxic material. It directed for periodic evaluation of structural aspect of the school by engineers, who must strictly follow the National Building Code.On basis of all these directions, the HC has asked AMC to initiate the procedure to inspect school premises and submit a report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12888793", "title": "Survey shows 40% students confused about career", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: About 40% of teenagers here are confused about their career options. This revelation came during a nine-month survey conducted by the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research's (CSIR) National Metallurgical Laboratory (NML) among 4,000 students of 44-odd schools.The three-member panel, headed by the chief scientist, information management and dissemination centre, NML, N G Goswami, which conducted the survey among students of Standards VIII, XI and X found that 40% of the students are clueless about their careers. \"Nearly 30% want to go for engineering, while 20% say they are preparing for the medical stream and 10% want to go for MBA,\" said Goswami.During the survey, the panel members interacted with students, their schoolteachers and parents to figure out who could help the students come to a decision regarding their careers. \"The rest of the 40% did not have any clear concept about careers and lacked guidance and motivation from their parents and teachers,\" said Goswami.\"At present, the structure of imparting education in schools is such that they tend to prepare the child largely for competitive examinations (thus overlooking the need for a balanced growth of a child),\" said Goswami.\"We appealed to the respective schools to send these students to NML so that we could encourage them to study metallurgy,\" said Goswami, adding that the response was positive.\"Out of 1,600 students, several have shown their interest in metallurgy. But, it is just the beginning and we have a long way to go,\" said the NLM chief scientist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12887903", "title": "2 minor girls working as helps rescued in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: In yet another case of minor girls being employed as domestic helps, two teenagers were rescued from the house of a garment factory owner in Sushant Lok I, Block D, on Thursday.While one of the rescued girls is a citizen of Nepal, the other hails from Madhepura district in Bihar. The Nepalese girl claimed that she was neither getting any salary nor allowed to speak to or visit her parents.While the police reportedly said that the girls would be around 16 years of age, as mentioned in the statement of the employer, the NGO Childline has questioned the claim.An official said they had asked for an age determination tests, as they suspected the age of the girl from Bihar to be not more than 12 years and that of the Nepalese girl not more than 14 years.The Sushant Lok police have lodged an FIR against the employer under Section 374 (unlawful compulsory labour) of the IPC and Section 26 (exploitation of juvenile or child employee) of the Juvenile Justice Act, said SHO Gaurav.A joint raid was conducted by a team of officials from Childline, the district child protection officer (DCPO), the labour department and police at the house around 11.30am on Thursday to rescue the girls.DCPO Jyoti Duhan said, \"This is a disturbing trend coming to the fore. Employing minors is a crime and attracts punishment by law. A call was received by Childline on April 22 and after location and address verification, a raid was conducted.\"Nishi Kant, director, Childline, added that as one of the girls belongs to Nepal, they were also looking at the case from a cross-border human trafficking angle.Kant added that the victims in their statement said that they have been working in the house as domestic help for the last two years. The girl from Nepal said she was not getting any salary and was not even allowed to visit home.\"The placement agencies are rampant in Gurgaon. This needs to be curbed. They are illegally run organizations. They bring children from poverty stricken states and forced to work in cities. Many children also become victims of sexual exploitation.\" Said Kant.After medical examination, the children were given shelter at the children home.Notably, just a week ago, a 16-year-old domestic help was rescued from a Delhi-based teacher's house from the same locality - Sushant Lok I. The girl had been a victim of sexual abuse by a neighbourhood car driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12888163", "title": "Cops question builder\u2019s wife on links with model", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police, investigating the Karan Kakkar case, have recorded the statement of the wife of a developer. The couple, family friends of accused Vijay Palande and Simran Sood, often used to visit them at Oberoi Springs, Andheri (West), in a white Audi. Palande used to tell Kakkar, who had an apartment in the same building, to emulate the developer's flashy lifestyle.The police believe the developer is financier Kakkar referred to in his March 5 SMS to a friend. In late March, the developer's wife had accompanied Simran to Bangkok on a shopping trip. Earlier, the woman had been questioned by the crime branch. \"We will call the developer for questioning if need be,\" said a top cop.She told the police she owned a boutique and visited foreign countries for shopping. She said the Bangkok visit was her idea and she asked Simran if she wanted to join in. She said she had met Kakkar a couple of times through Simran, but did not know much about him. One of Kakkar's ATM cards was used for shopping in Bangkok between March 11 and April 1. Palande told the police he had given the card to a friend, who the police suspect gave it to Simran after her arrival in that city. Kakkar had five more ATM cards, which Palande gave his friends, using one himself at a Malad mall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12888714", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation lifts water rationing as Thumbe dam overflows", "text": "MANGALORE: Timely pre-monsoon showers have bailed the Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) out from a precarious position of resorting to water rationing in the city. With water at Thumbe vented dam, main drinking source for city, overflowing on Thursday, the civic body authorities have reverted to earlier position of water supply to all users - domestic and commercial.Water rationing was in force across the city from March 25. Concerted steps taken by the district administration headed by DC NS Channappa Gowda in conjunction with MCC authorities helped the city tide over the water crisis, commissioner Harish Kumar informed corporators at the monthly meeting of the civic body here on Thursday.\"I have directed the water supply department to restore normal water supply,\" Harish said. Water level at Thumbe, capable of storing water up to 13 feet, had dipped to 8.2 feet. Regarding direction given by the Karnataka high court to the DK district administration to allow Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) to pump two million gallons of water per day for drinking and safety purposes, Harish said, \"Power supply to MRPL's pump house at Sarapady weir has been restored. They can draw the quantum of water as directed by HC until any fresh order,\" He added that things may not worsen again as there is inflow to Thumbe.Harish also set the record straight on MRPL moving the HC seeking directions for release of water. \"MRPL did not make us (MCC) or the district administration party to their case,\" he said adding the city corporation too did not appeal or get involved in their case. \"However, a section of the media wrongly misinterpreted the HC verdict describing it as a setback to MCC. MRPL is allowed to draw full quota of five MGD of water,\" he said. Disproving notions of water mismanagement on part of MCC, Harish said the situation had arisen mainly due to dwindling inflow. As against 239.9 mm rainfall in the catchment area of Thumbe from January to April in 2009, 216 mm in 2010 and 141.6 mm in 2011, the rainfall this year was a mere 70 mm. \"The city corporation will seek advice of the district administration to take control of all upstream weirs from December next to avert a similar water crisis,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12893024", "title": "Employment opportunities", "text": "TeamLease IIJT offered more than 690 employment opportunities to youths in East India at a job fair held in various citiesKOLKATA: TeamLease Services and Indian Institute of Job Training (IIJT) received over 429 jobseekers throughout the eastern region at job fairs held in various cities like Kolkata, Contai, Domjur, and other towns in West Bengal. The job fair offered over 690 jobs in sales, insurance and banking sectors for graduates and candidates who have finished their 10+2.Over 107 candidates have been shortlisted by the top companies like Flipkart India Pvt Ltd, Global InnovSource Solutions Pvt Ltd, Bajaj Capital Insurance Broking Ltd, Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd, Shomuk Engineering and consultancy services, Bhandari Automobile Pvt Ltd, India Infoline Ltd etc.The candidates got the opportunity to go through assessment and employability evaluation conducted by experienced IIJT faculty and career counselors. The objective of this initiative is to help candidates assess themselves for job readiness and build a platform to bring jobseekers &amp; employers together, thereby taking a step ahead in bridging the skill gap across industries.According to Subhankar Bhattacharya, east divisional head at IIJT Education, \"Unemployment and un-employability are the two major issues in are our country. An integrated approach, adopted by such initiatives that bring together job seekers and employers to link the demand and supply of manpower will certainly help bridge this gap.\"The job fair was held in Kolkata, Contai, Uluberia, Domjur, Barasat, Sinthee, Darbhanga and Silchar. The turnout of candidates that appeared ranged highest in cities like Uluberia (90 candidates), Kolkata (78 candidates) Sinthee (72 candidates), Barasat (70 candidates) and Silchar (50 candidates) but number of candidates that were shortlisted was comparatively low (25, 20, 10 and 15 respectively).On the other hand, cities like Contai and Domjur, which had a low turnout of appearing candidates (32 and 20 candidates respectively) had surprisingly a larger number of successful candidates as 15 and 7 candidates were chosen respectively.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "12888791", "title": "Failed Bengal students lock up teachers", "text": "JHARGRAM: Class XI students of a school in West Midnapore district who had failed in the annual examination on Thursday locked up all the 50-odd school staff after a meeting to discuss their failure did not yield any results.The students of the Nayabasan Janakalyan Vidyapeeth at Gopiballabhpur said they would not open the gate till they were all promoted to class XII, said Ashok Pattanaik, secretary of the school's managing committee.Ninety of the 247 Class XI students of the school had failed in the annual examination conducted by the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education. The school authorities could not do anything in this regard due to council norms, said Pattanaik. The meeting between students and the authorities began at 9am but failed to resolve the issue till 10.30am, when the school closed for the day, he said. When students of all the other classes left, the 90 students locked the main gate with all 52 teaching and non-teaching staff still inside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12888961", "title": "Centre yet to accept IIM-I chairman's resignation", "text": "INDORE: Even after two weeks, the Centre is yet to take a decision on the resignation of chairman of Indian Institute of Management-Indore (IIM-I), LN Jhunjhunwala, whose tenure ends on May 31. The delay is said to due to the transfer of Union HRD principal secretary, who was holding the charge of the IIM.Sources at the Union HRD ministry said that the reason for the delay is attributed to the transfer of the principal secretary, Union HRD, Ashok Thakur, who was looking after affairs of the IIM, as has been made the chief secretary of Himachal Pradesh. He was yet to take up the new assignment. The decision on Jhunjhunwala's resignation will be taken only after a new HRD principal secretary is appointed, said a source familiar with the development.However, adamant on his stand, Jhunjhunwala told ToI over phone, \"It (the government) has not been able to make up its mind as yet on my resignation. I personally believe that there are certain areas that need to be investigated upon by the government. First, N Ravichandran (director of IIM-I) is also acting as president of a Chennai-based society and one of the faculties of IIM-I. Padmanabhan, one of the faculty members of IIM-I, is also associated with him as the secretary of the society. How can a person head a society, which is involved in activities similar to that of the IIM-I.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887289", "title": "PIL against contractor of Lalbaug flyover", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a fortnight after a concrete block fell off the Lalbaug flyover, a public interest litigation has been filed in the Bombay high court seeking criminal prosecution of the contractor, Simplex Infrastructure, for endangering the lives of citizens. The PIL-filed by activist Bhagwanji Raiyani-has urged the court to ban vehicular movement on the flyover till an immediate structural audit is carried out by the IIT.Advocate Sumedha Rao, counsel for the petitioner, mentioned the PIL before a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar on Thursday. The case will be heard on May 3.\"Despite other incidents, the state has failed to lodge criminal proceedings against Simplex for endangering the lives of citizens and allowing the same firm to carry out repairs,'' the petition stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12888869", "title": "No end to ordeal for motorists", "text": "MYSORE: There seems to be no end to parking woes at KSRTC suburban bus stand. Despite promises from the district minister and the authorities concerned, vehicle users continue to suffer due to parking-related problems, which the former have failed to check.The bus stand was developed under the funds provided by Centre's JnNURM scheme, which is aimed at improving urban infrastructure and at creating facilities for public. But it seems the very purpose of providing facilities, including parking, has defeated here.Passengers are alleging that the parking space is shrinking, and that the authorities are not doing enough to attend to their problem. The officials, however, are reasoning that many vehicles are parked for several days, inconveniencing the motorists, which the passengers are disputing. During a reality check, TOI found that commuters are suffering due to lack of space.A banner has been put up at the entrance that 'scooter parking is only for 12 hours'. As there is no clarity what it means exactly, it has confused many passengers using the parking facility at the bus stand. A passenger said it is against law. A sexagenarian couple, who came in a two-wheeler, asked this reporter after seeing the banner that whether they can park their two-wheeler till tomorrow? \"This is the only parking lot in the area and every day, vehicle users are facing trouble due to the attitude of those managing the parking lot. No authority or elected representative seems to have taken it seriously.I will write to JnNURM authorities in New Delhi about the unpleasant scenario at KSRTC bus stand. Repeated complaints on this have gone unheard,\" an employee, who regularly travels to a neighbouring district, told TOI. When contacted, KSRTC divisional traffic officer S Chandrashekar admitted that they have received complaints against the alleged harassment by people in the parking lot, and that they have warned the contractor of cancelling the contract if they receive complaint from passengers.Meanwhile, the officer said they are introducing computerized system of issuing parking tickets to check any harassment. The project is being piloted. This is aimed at preventing wrongdoings in the parking lot. To a query, Chandrashekar said he has to check as to how many two-wheelers and fourwheeler can park at a time at the facility. The situation may turn worse once a shopping mall starts functioning at the building as KSRTC authorities have to share parking space for its visitors too. This is expected to further shrink the parking space. Earlier, there were complaints with regard to fleecing of motorists who come to park their vehicles there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12888484", "title": "Father shoots son over petty issue", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a bizarre incident, an ex-army personnel shot his son in village Kuti under Kokhraj police circle of Kaushambi district on Thursday.According to reports, Shyam Lal, an ex-army man killed his son identified as Shyamal (25) over a petty issue. Police said the Shyam, had on Wednesday night, asked his son not to attend a wedding ceremony in the village. But Shyamal attended the wedding.On Thursday morning, when Shyamal returned,Shyam Lal had a brawl with Shyamal. The scene took an ugly turn when Shyam Lal took out his 0.12 bore licenced weapon and shot his son. The incident spread wildfire in the area and locals assembled outside the house.Police claimed that the accused managed to give a slip to villagers. Police have launched a manhunt for him after registering a case. The body has been sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12889405", "title": "Eye in space to survey borders 24x7", "text": "CHENNAI: India successfully launched the Risat I (radar imaging satellite) on Thursday, giving itself an eye in space that can monitor its borders 24x7, irrespective of weather conditions, thanks to a cloud penetrating radar that will cover the entire Indian land mass at frequent intervals.Keeping a vigil on border areas irrespective of hostile weather conditions, that is often the case in the Indian subcontinent, will add to the ability of Indian monitors to track movements on the ground in areas considered sensitive from a defence and security viewpoint.Enabling the high-resolution pictures, expected from May 1, will be a synthetic aperture radar that can track images of the earth even in darkness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887454", "title": "Body at Nehru Place: Cops clueless, but confirm rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after a semi-nude body of a woman was found near a Metro pillar in Nehru Place, police are still grappling for clues.Police, however, confirmed on Thursday that the woman had been sexually assaulted and then murdered.During investigation, police had identified the body as the name of the woman's husband was tattooed on her right hand. Her husband told cops that his wife had gone missing and he had lodged a missing person report at a Rohini police station, the day before her body was found.Cops are now questioning the woman's relatives and friends to ascertain who she was last seen with. The pair of jeans recovered from the spot has also been sent for examination, police said.Meanwhile, there has been no headway in the case where a bare, decomposed body of a woman was found inside Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Hospital complex on Wednesday afternoon.Cops, however, confirmed that the body was not of any patient from the hospital and they are now checking missing persons complaints filed in nearby areas.The fact that no CCTVs are installed on the hospital premises has made it harder to find out how and when was the body dumped at the hospital, said police.A murder case has not been registered yet and police are waiting for the autopsy report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12887239", "title": "Woman candidate to hold mayor's post in Chandrapur Municipal Corporation", "text": "Chandrapur: A woman will become the first mayor of Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) as the reservation for mayor's post for Chandrapur was declared for Other Backward Class women on Thursday morning. Congress holding sure majority with the backing of independents and Shiv Sena corporators is set to grab power in CMC.All major parties fought the election with focus on the issue of development and had sought sure majority for themselves. However, citizens denied all the parties of clean majority and gave hung mandate. Congress with 26 seats in the house of 66, emerged as the largest party. BJP that denied pre-poll alliance with Shiv Sena won 18 seats on its own. With none getting clear majority, the key to power fell into the hands of 10 independents and Shiv Sena having five seats. NCP with four seats and MNS, BSP and Bharip Bahujan Mahasangh with a seat each were other minor gainers in civic elections.Having learnt lesson from ZP president's election, Congress did not relied on NCP for support and played safe this time. Ex-MP Naresh Puglia, who spearheaded the election campaign, successfully won support of all independent corporators and two minor parties. He forged alliance with 10 independents and corporators of Bharip Bahujan Mahasangh and MNS. This group of 12 corporators along with 26 of Congress jointly registered themselves as allied panel titled Indian National Congress Lokshahi Aghadi. 10 independent corporators keen to stay in power bargained as a group with Congress.Sena having five seats though have not declared its support to Congress openly, but internal sources claimed that all five of the corporators are keen for going with Congress for power. Congress party presently enjoys support of a total of 43 corporators and is sure to grab power in CMC. It is learnt that presently all Congress corporators along with those supporting their party in CMC have collectively moved to undisclosed location.BJP being second leading party in CMC, too tried its cards, but being at the loss of independent corporators it is in no position to seek magic figure of 34 in corporation. Earlier in ZP president's elections, BJP had managed to keep Congress away from power despite latter being largest party in ZP. BJP had forged alliance with NCP, Yuvashakti Shangthana, Shetkari Shanghatna, MNS, BSP and Shiv Sena to grab power in ZP. However Congress leadership this time gave no chance to BJP and ensured that it has clean majority to gain power in CMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12887937", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority sectors not yet ready to face monsoon", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of the sectors under the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) in new Gurgaon say that the stormwater drains are blocked with mud, dirt, garbage or sewage and fear that the city is not prepared to face the rains.Y K Shrivastava, a resident of Sector 56, said \"The stormwater drain on the internal as well as the main roads were laid barely a year ago but are still unattended. Lack of maintenance has flooded them with sewage water. Many private colonies have started the process but is yet to start in the HUDA sectors.\"The entire city is connected by seven major drains including stormwater ones. In addition to these, the rainwater also flows out of the city through natural drainages like open channels and creeks.Despite work having started on the desilting of internal drains in the private colonies it would not make much difference in the waterlogging if the master drains are not cleaned by the HUDA or the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG).When contacted, Mahesh Dhayma, councillor of Ward 32, said, \"The procedure has not yet started and we fear that it would result in flooding during the coming monsoon. I have been approaching the HUDA officials who have been promising to start the work in the coming week.\"The residents of Sector 45 and Sector 47 have been writing to area councillors and the RWAs on the drains blocked with sewage or garbage. Nisha Singh, councillor of Ward 30, said, \"I have been following this issue about the blocked stormwater drains falling in my ward. Only the drain on the master road is desilted while the rest are blocked.\"There have been complaints of waterlogging in the previous years and the city gets flooded even after a little rain.According to the HUDA officials, the tenders for the desilting of drains have been floated in many areas and the work would be completed before the onset of rains. \"If there are still any particular issues reported from any area, we will resolve them at the earliest,\" said a senior HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887074", "title": "Indian Council of Agricultural Research to involve farmers, industry in research", "text": "NAGPUR: Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), the apex body of all state-run farm research centres in the country, has asked institutes under it to involve all stakeholders in planning the direction of research under the XIIth five year plan. Instead of conducting research based on ideas generated by the scientists, ICAR will now look at research in a holistic manner that would solve the problems faced by the farmers and also add value to the produce by developing food processing units.Following the instructions of ICAR, city-based National Research Centre for Citrus organized a day long \"stakeholders' meet\" on Wednesday under the leadership of former vice-chancellor of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth Sharad Nimbalkar. Nimbalkar is also the chairman of Research Advisory Committee (RAC) of NRCC. The Centre plans to hold another meeting in June-July to identify issues to direct the RAC.The meet involved 50 stakeholders directly or indirectly associated with citrus crop and industry and discussed issues like citrus cultivation, plant protection, marketing, storage, processing and value addition. \"ICAR is promoting research based on suggestions by stakeholders. The institute's research committee headed by the director will continue to be a part of the research plan,\" said the NRCC director V J Shivankar.NRCC has chosen Uttamrao Kadam from Limbgaon near Nanded and Ramesh Jichkar from Warud, two progressive farmers, on the RAC. On the industry front it has involved NOGA (Nagpur Orange Growers Association) for orange processing.Participants in the meet included RB Thakare, advisor to Swaminathan Foundation and former vice chancellor of Shri Shivaji Loka Vidyapeeth, Sunil Shinde, former MLA and orange grower, Ashok Dhote, former Zilla Parishad president, AK Joshi, head of Regional Remote Sensing Centre, RK Agrawal, assistant director of National Horticulture Board, AM Katkar, divisional manager, Marketing Board, Pune, D A Narkhede, NOGA manager, Uday Patil, superintending agriculture officer (SAO) of Nagpur district and RC Jadhav, SAO of Amravati Division. Programme coordinator of Krishi Vigyan Kendra at Central Institute for Cotton Research in city and at Durgapur and Amravati and Prof Panchbhai and Prof PS Gonge from College of Agriculture and NRCC scientists were also present.Several issues concerning citrus cultivation such as drip irrigation, soil and water conservation, planting material, applications of remote sensing and imaging techniques in ground water survey, orchard health and disease mapping, precision farming and geo-positioning system, wine making from oranges were discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12889526", "title": "Power, water supply remains disrupted", "text": "VARANASI: The power supply to different parts of the city was affected with additional rostering on Thursday. The erratic power also disrupted water supply to various parts of the city especially in the morning hours.As per reports of PVVNL office, additional rostering of two hours was done in most parts of the city as per instructions of Lucknow control office. The areas and feeders attached with 33 KV Bhadaini, Shankuldhara, Daphi and Naria in the southern parts of the city remained worst hit after facing frequent rostering in the day. Similarly, power supply was also hit in other feeders attached with 33 KV Chowkaghat, Maidagin, Kashi Vidyapeeth and Sigra as rostering was made in rotation to prevent excess load on other feeders in the day.According to Subhash Mehta, executive engineer, Dubakia control unit, the rising power demand was responsible for erratic power supply while additional two hours of power rostering was forced due to instructions of Lucknow control office. Technical snag caused in 132 KV Ledhupur power substation also disrupted power supply in trans-Varuna areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12888563", "title": "Measures taken to check child labour unsatisfactory: Child rights body member", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Expressing dismay over the inhuman and unhygienic condition of children residing in four government shelter homes, member, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), Dr Yogesh Dubey said that records and statistics related to health and education along with rehabilitation measures undertaken by state government for child labour were grossly unsatisfactory.The member who visited the children's home in Shivkuti, Mumfordganj, juvenile home and women's shelter home in Khuldabad during his two-day visit of Allahabad in the aftermath of incident of rape of minor girl inmates of Shivkuti childrens home in the city, was addressing newspersons here on Thursday.Sharing the details of the visits, he said that quality of food served to children in general was bad. What is more is the fact that there were no arrangements for physically challenged and other handicapped inmates at these homes.In this connection, a detailed report will be prepared by the commission and submitted to the Government of India as well as the principal secretary, UP Government, he said.Citing various irregularities in the functioning of the government homes in Allahabad for children and juveniles he said that the total strength of staff for managing and looking after the inmates was very less. Most of the staff members were unskilled, untrained and not sensitised to the needs of children. A lot of work needs to be done on this front.However, on its part the commission will ensure that strict action was taken against those who have been held responsible for gross mismanagement of government run homes in Allahabad, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12889492", "title": "PM must pay more attention to Ganga: Kalraj", "text": "VARANASI: Alleging that the UPA government at the Centre was not serious about the problems plaguing the Ganga such as its uninterrupted flow or pollution, senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Kalraj Mishra said the issue needed more attention and focus of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .Talking to media persons in the city on Thursday, Mishra claimed more than Rs 1,000 crore had been spent in the name of Ganga Action Plan but the government had not succeeded in checking the disposal of pollutants in the Ganga. He said the Prime Minister should initiate a move like constituting a committee of technical experts and senior politicians to find out the ways to save the National River.\"The Ganga and the Yamuna are not ordinary rivers. Focusing on developmental issues only by checking the flow of water by constructing dams is not fair in the case of these rivers,\" he said. Those rivers had not only contributed a lot in the agricultural growth but the faith of the people was also attached to them. He said further delay in efforts to save the Ganga would prove costly. He said instead of political, there was a need for launching a social movement on the issue.Commenting on Akhilesh Yadav government, he alleged that the law and order scene had worsened in almost all the districts of the state in a period of just one month of the Samajwadi Party rule. He said the state government was not in a position to claim that the law and order scene was up to the mark in any district. He said the government would have to show haste in taking tough decisions for the desired improvement in law and order scene as the cases of murders and loot were increasing.He alleged that the SP government was working for the benefit of only one community by announcing financial assistance for the girls of minority families for their marriage, posting of officers of same community at key positions. He said the BJP was not against any community but the government should work in the interest of all castes and communities. Regarding BJP, he said efforts for revival of party's structure in the state had been started and its effects would be visible very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "12890258", "title": "\u2018Da, we speak Russki. Welcome to Goa\u2019", "text": "CANDOLIM: Menus, shops and road signage in Russian are a common sight today in the state's coastal tourism belt and even in spice plantations in the hinterland. Almost all restaurants in the tourism belt of Calangute-Candolim have menu cards in Russian, while in Morjim most shops and restaurants have Russian signboards because of the large number of Russian visitors there.Most Russians do not speak any English and since the Russians have overtaken the British in terms of the number of foreign visitors in Goa, entrepreneurs in the tourism industry have had to enlist the services of Russian language speakers to conduct business with the Russians.Says Larisa, a Russian from St Petersburg who is a regular visitor to Goa, \"Usually, the young generation don't need translators because they know some English but the older generation is different; they don't know any English.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888532", "title": "Schoolbags in Tamil Nadu to get lighter", "text": "CHENNAI: Students in schools across Tamil Nadu will soon have a spring in their step, with their schoolbags reduced to half their weight from the next academic year.Under the trimester system of education to be introduced in the next academic year, students of classes 1 to 4 will be required to carry one textbook instead of four, and those in classes 5 to 8 will carry two textbooks instead of five.The state has tried to reduce the weight of schoolbags from 3kg to 1.5kg for a class 1 or class 2 student. A class 8 student, who now lugs a 7kg bag to school, will have to carry a bag weighing a more reasonable 3.75 kg.While textbooks for classes 1 to 4 will have around 30 pages and cover four subjects, those for classes 5 to 8 will have language lessons clubbed with other subjects in one book of 60 pages.The move will ensure that a student carries a maximum of 10% of his or her bodyweight. Health experts consider even this too heavy for children in the age group.A study conducted on 200 schoolboys by the Movement Analysis Lab of Srinivas College of Physiotherapy and Research Centre and Kasturba Medical College, Mangalore, found that bags weighing 5% of the bodyweight of the child could affect the trunk and lower limbs and those weighing 15% of body weight could adversely affect the head, neck, trunk and the lower limbs, and change the overall posture of the child.\"It upsets me to see my son carrying such a heavy schoolbag,\" said Santhosh Swaminathan, father of a class 6 student of a private matriculation school in the city. \"I'm glad to know that the weight of schoolbags will be reduced.\"Schools affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education have already attempted to reduce the weight of schoolbags. The schools have asked students to do their homework online or their assignments on worksheets.\"They even weighed our schoolbags and announced the heaviest bag at morning assembly to get us to carry lighter bags,\" said Satish, a student of Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan, Nungambakkam. A couple of years ago, CBSE issued circulars to schools, saying the number of textbooks for a particular class should not exceed the number prescribed by the National Council of Education Training and Research.The board asked schools to provide space for bags of children up to Class 2 so they would not have to carry them to school and back, and make changes to introduce alternatives to homework. Earlier this year, 14 schools in Delhi, Baroda, Bangalore and Nagpur started using ClassPad, a personalized educational tablet, to replace books for high school students. \"It's good to know that the weight of the schoolbag will be reduced for children in the smaller classes. But older students have no choice but to carry their books. However, worksheets can be used as alternatives to notebooks,\" said R J Bhuvanesh, CEO of Kaligi Ranganathan Montfort Group of Schools.Students have more to cheer about than lighter schoolbags. The academic workload will also be cut with the introduction of the Comprehensive and Cumulative Evaluation system from classes 1 through 8 from the academic year 2012-13. \"The mistakes in the previous Samacheer Kalvi textbooks have been corrected and the CCE system will be included this year,\" said K Devarajan, director of the directorate of teacher education, research and training. Students were kept guessing about their textbooks for two months after schools reopened last year, but they will not have to worry a repeat", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12889161", "title": "Arrest or kill: Govt policy on Reds", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is pursuing an \"arrest or kill\" policy against Naxalites, a zero tolerance attitude towards the outlaws who have been identified as the biggest internal security threat.Union home secretary R K Singh told a parliamentary committee that privately he tells the DG of CRPF that \"we arrest or kill as many armed Naxalites as possible\".The claim, if unusually forthright, was aimed at convincing parliamentarians wanting to know how the government reacted to killing of armed forces, and shows that the repeated insistence that Naxal extremism has socio-economic roots has not deterred the Centre from pressing ahead with a tough policy.Addressing the standing committee on home affairs on April 4, Singh said, \"Within the close confines of this room, if I am discussing this with the DG of CRPF separately, my preference would be that we arrest or kill as many armed Naxalites as possible. I am not going to say this in the press. That does not mean we do not react.\"The candid statement, perhaps the first of its kind, that cops have been asked not to flinch from killing Naxals, raised tempers during the discussion. Congress MP Harshvardhan objected to the statement, saying it was \"unconstitutional\" to direct CRPF personnel to \"kill them\".The home secretary clarified, \"I said arrest them, and, if not, you have the weapons, fire; I mean, kill them.\"The Congress MP from Maharajganj in Uttar Pradesh objected again.The senior bureaucrat's frank admission of a \"strong policy\" against Naxalites, spoken behind closed doors, comes in the thick of major hostage crises involving Red outlaws. The abduction of an MLA in Odisha and an IAS officer (collector) in Chhattisgarh have seen a single demand from Naxalites - stop Operation Greenhunt.Social activists have complained that carte blanche to security forces in anti-Naxal operations were resulting in human rights violations, with poor tribals in jungles at the receiving end of cops' anger against Red terror.Harshvardhan offered no comments on the panel's discussions, but when asked about the Naxal policy, he told TOI, \"How does one know when a tribal is picked and killed, and then branded a Naxalite? There cannot be blanket orders to kill.\"While Naxalites are engaged and killed in encounters, MPs felt the \"arrest or kill\" policy conveyed a general attitude towards the ultras and not just armed encounters. They pointed to the union home secretary's caveat that he could not say this in public.The comment has triggered debate among parliamentarians. They felt it was controversial and unacceptable, but conceded that the present mood was so strongly against Naxalites that the Centre could disregard concerns about human rights violations to go after them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12888343", "title": "Record result for SSLC, 93.64 % candidates successful", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The SSLC exam results announced on Thursday saw an all-time record of 93.64% pass, which is 2.29 % higher than the previous year. In all, 4,69,919 students appeared for the examination this year and among them 6,995 students secured A-plus grade in all subjects. This record pass percentage is without any moderation, a practice abandoned in 2004. In all, 711 schools registered 100% pass as against 577 schools last year. Kannur revenue district recorded the highest pass percentage of 96.93, while Palakkad has the lowest pass percentage of 86.91.Among education districts, Kanhangad recorded the highest pass percentage of 98.52 and Palakkad education district the lowest with 85.04. The maximum number of candidates (922) who secured A-plus for all subjects are from Kozhikode revenue district; Kannur education district tops in this category with 452 students. The maximum number of candidates (73,867) who appeared for the exam are from Malappuram revenue district. Of the 711 schools that secured cent per cent pass in the state, 248 are aided, 253 unaided and 210 government schools.The certificates will reach the education department offices in each district by May 15. Regular candidates who had failed to secure even D-plus in the exam can appear for the SAY (Save a Year) supplementary examination from May 14 to 18. Candidates who could not appear in two subject papers at the exams due to health problem or death of immediate family members (father, mother or siblings) are also eligible to appear for the SAY Exam.Those planning to appear for SAY exam need to submit their applications with fees and a computer printout of proof of their grade to the concerned school headmaster by May 3 before 4 pm.For further details and results: www.results.itschool.gov.in, www.keralaresults.nic.in, www.kerala.gov.in, www.examresults.kerala.gov.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888706", "title": "UGC's NET to be completely objective from this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Eligibility Test, conducted by University Grants Commission (UGC), will be completely objective type from this year. The first objective type NET exam will be conducted on June 24 and will comprise three papers.According to new exam pattern there will be no negative marking. Moreover, the candidates will be allowed to carry the carbon printout of optical mark recognition (OMR) response sheets with them after the examination.The National Educational Testing Bureau of UGC conducts NET to determine eligibility for lectureship and for award of Junior Research Fellowship ( JRF) for Indian nationals in order to ensure minimum standards for the entrants in the teaching profession and research. So far the pattern of the exam had been subjective, where aspirants had to write detailed answers. \"The commission has decided to change the pattern of examination. All the three papers will be objective and will be held on the same day in two separate sessions. The syllabus, though, for all the three papers remains the same as that of the previous year,\" said Surender Singh, deputy secretary (NET), UGC.Meanwhile, the pattern change has confused a lot of aspirants. According to a history student from JNU, Ritika Sahu, \"It's a confusing scenario right now. The first paper is on general aptitude while the second and third are specific. Till December 2011, paper III was a subject one. Now, we are appearing for the two objective type papers on the subject and the UGC claims no change in syllabus.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12888064", "title": "Goods worth crores gutted in factory fire", "text": "GURGAON: Goods worth crores were gutted in a fire at a hosiery factory in Begampur Khatola on Wednesday night.The incident took place on factory premises on Wednesday around 9pm. As many as 15 fire tenders were rushed to spot and the fore could be doused only after 3 hours later. No casualty was reported. \"Thread worth crores of rupees turned into ashes. The reason of the fire has not been established yet,\" said Isham Singh, the fire officer.\"The total stock of 55 tons yarn and the plastic hangers was worth at least Rs. 1.5 crore. I wasn't at the godown, but our staff informed me,\" said D.L. Arora, general manager of Rolex Hosiery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889085", "title": "Doctors' delegation meets Nitish", "text": "PATNA: A joint delegation of Indian Medical Association (IMA), Bihar chapter, and Bihar State Health Services Association met CM Nitish Kumar here on Thursday and apprised him of their concern over the implementation of Bihar Clinical Establishment (Registration and Regulation) Act in the state.The doctors were apprehensive about several provisos of the Act which had already been cleared by the state health department and waiting for cabinet approval. Principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha was also present at the meeting.\"The Act contains several anomalies,\" said IMA (Bihar chapter) president Dr Parmanand Prasad Pal. \"The state government has adopted the central legislation of Clinical Establishment Act, 2010. Health, as a subject, comes under state list, and the state should have freedom to adopt any law according to its own needs,\" he added.Dr Rajiv Ranjan Prasad termed the Act unrealistic saying the minimum prerequisites fixed for opening a nursing home in the proposed Act would discourage doctors from setting up clinics. He said the Act was promoting five-star hospital culture.A doctor, who was part of the delegation, said, \"The delegation told the CM that the doctors were not against the proposed Act. But it should neither be anti-doctors nor anti-people.\"The provision of Rs 5 lakh fine for violation of the Act would deter doctors from opening new nursing homes in the state, the delegation told the CM. They also complained about no representation of doctors in the registration and appellate authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12890314", "title": "Cops can raid bar and restaurants", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court has held that bar and restaurants are 'places of public entertainment' and police have the power, both under the Police Act and Excise Act, to enter these premises without warrant and conduct search and seizure.Justice S Abdul Nazeer overruled the claim of city bar and restaurants owners that only the excise commissioner, deputy excise commissioner or any excise officer can inspect their premises, according to provisions of the Karnataka Excise Act.The judge said, as per the Excise Act, police have the power to enter bar and restaurants to check illegal import, export or transport of intoxicants; check whe-ther the licence-holder is making any spirit fit for human consumption, any adulteration cases by the licenced vendor or manufacturer. Police can check misconduct or violation of conditions like permitting drunkenness, disorderly conduct or gaming; allowing prostitutes and habitual offenders to use the premises and selling liquor to minor children.\"Section 66 of Police Act authorizes a police officer to enter places of public resort, which he believes is being used as a shop for sale of liquor or intoxicating drugs or a place of disorderly characters,\" the judge observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "12888721", "title": "Chief minister's visit to Garhwa fails to bring cheer among locals", "text": "GARHWA: Chief minister Arjun Munda's visit to Vananchal Dental College and Hospital (VDCH) in Faratiya, Garhwa to attend mass wedding ceremony of 101 couples may have brought cheers to the hospital management and staff, but it shattered hopes of Garhwa people as their hopes and expectations were not met.This is Munda's fifth visit to the district. When he visited Garhwa for the first time on January 7, 2011, he made a number of promises to the Garhwa residents. The promises included construction of a bypass road to ease the traffic chaos, construction of a check dam on local Danro River to solve drinking water issues, improvement in the condition of dilapidated NH-75 and other roads in the town and speed up work on the pending irrigation schemes.Ironically, none of the promises have been fulfilled, till date. Munda has visited Garhwa in the past and iterated his promises but no development work has been taken up in the district so far.Munda had given a deadline of three months for the repair and extension of NH-75 when he visited Garhwa in December last. However, there has been no improvement in the condition of NH-75 and other roads in the town until today.\"Munda's promises are nothing but sheer drama,\" said Dr MP Gupta, vice-president of Indian Red Cross Society, Garhwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12892857", "title": "IMMT Foundation Day", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Institute of Minerals and Materials Technology (IMMT) Bhubaneswar, an institute of Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), observed its 48th Foundation Day recently. Dr P K Mohanty, vice chairman-cum-managing director, Orissa Sponge Iron and Steel Ltd delivered the foundation lecture as the chief guest.Prof Barada Kanta Mishra, director, IMMT said that this year IMMT has created a number of unique facilities for advanced research. These include mineral processing pilot plant, fly ash brick making pilot plant and innovation centre for plasma processing. He informed that IMMT's interaction with the industry and academia in the country and abroad was on the rise this year.He further said that IMMT has taken a decision to waive off technology license fee for some of its technologies so that it has a direct impact on the society and environment and thus be able to attract more investments by MSMEs in the country.IMMT has resolved to reach out to the weaker sections of the society through the CSIR-800 (CSIR's initiative to reach to 800 million Indians through its various technologies). IMMT will further use the PPP mode to assist and promote Indian and foreign industries in the areas of iron ore, coal, bauxite-aluminium, manganese, nickel, copper.Speaking on the topic, 'Experience of a developer in iron and steel making', Dr Mohanty said that with his experience as an entrepreneur throughout his life he can see that IMMT has made significant progress in the fields of mineral processing and material extraction.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12888535", "title": "Families of terror accused allege police torture", "text": "KANNUR: The relatives of Abdul Alim, U K Musthafa and Managu Shafeek, some of those accused of raising funds to influence the witnesses in the Kashmir terrorist recruitment case, claimed that police were threatening them.Addressing the media here on Thursday, Firosa Begum, the wife of Abdul Alim, who is yet to be arrested, said policemen had been visiting their houses at odd hours and threatening them.\"We are finding it difficult to live peacefully. Branding my husband as a robber, who looted money for terrorist works, has tarnished our image in the society,\" said Firosa.\"The police unnecessarily connect every case with terrorism and also deny the accused in criminal cases basic human rights,\" said K E Gangadharan, member, Kerala State Human Rights Commission.He added that Shaharas, who is in judicial remand, had been severely beaten up by police at the Kannur Town police station and that the commission had recorded his statement in this connection.U K Musthafa, Shaharas's uncle, alleged that police had tortured Shaharas to make him confess that he had collected money for influencing witnesses in the Kashmir terrorist recruitment case. \"If it is proved that he has committed a crime, he should be punished. But it is not justified to extract statements using third-degree methods,\" said Musthafa.Two youths, U K Shaharas and Kottakunnil Muneer, were arrested this week in connection with the looting of a team who were playing cards in a lodge near Caltex in Kannur town on November 14.According to police, during interrogation they confessed to have raised funds to influence the witnesses in the Kashmir terrorist recruitment on interrogation they confessed they were raising funds by looting people to influence the witnesses in the Kashmir terrorist recruitment case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12889362", "title": "Man commits suicide after wife's sterilization", "text": "BHOPAL: The sterilization fiasco in Madhya Pradesh refuses to die down.Lamenting the decision of making his wife undergo sterilization two months ago, a 35-year-old man, father of six daughters committed suicide in Betul district on Wednesday. His wife, who went under the scalpel in February, alleged that her husband was promised a plot of land and cash by the panchayat secretary and sarpanch of the village in exchange for the sterilization.On the woman's complaint, the district administration has ordered an inquiry into the case. Kanchan Dongre, CEO of the Janpadh panchayat in Maultai said, \"Action will be taken based on the inquiry report.'' The police also registered a case and started its probe into the suicide.Prakash Deshmukh, resident of Sandiya village, seven km from Betul town and 150 km south of Bhopal, consumed poison on Wednesday afternoon. Neighbours rushed him to the district hospital where he was declared dead. Deshmukh and his wife Kala worked as agricultural labourers.In the beginning of the year, the state saw a sharp rise in vasectomy surgery numbers after chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan declared 2012 as the year for family planning and welfare. District administration officers went all out to fix targets for number of sterilisations and implementation. Reports of forced vasectomy and allurement to make people go under the scalpel poured from across the state.Wife of the deceased, Kala Deshmukh, accused that her husband too asked her to undergo sterilisation after panchayat secretary Hemant Barde and sarpanch Vijay Thakre of the village lured with promises of a plot of land and money.On February 14, I was operated upon. After that day, my husband kept meeting the panchayat secretary for the land and money without any success.Panchayat secretary Hemant Barde could not be contacted but sarpanch Vijay Thakre said, \"The couple have six children and have no money to feed them. We did not lure them with impossible dreams but informed them of the various schemes of the state government for BPL families.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890443", "title": "'Former PWD boss had stake in BSP MLA's company'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former engineer-in-chief of PWD Tribhuwan Ram had a stake in the company owned by BSP MLA Uma Shankar Singh, who got most of the contracts for the construction of roads during the BSP regime.This was revealed by PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav after a review meeting with PWD engineers on Thursday. Yadav said that the ministry will get the contracts awarded to the company examined soon.Ram, now a BSP MLA from Asgara (Varanasi), has been one of the most powerful engineer during the Mayawati regime. In fact, he got an extension in the service twice, kicking off raging resentment amongst his colleagues. Even after his retirement, he was awarded the post of advisor to the chief minister.The minister also ordered dissolution of the technical audit committee (TAC) of the PWD to get it reconstituted. Yadav was peculiarly dissatisfied with the audit report of the 22 kms long Hardoi road bypass in the state capital. Yadav, around 15 days ago, had ordered the technical examination of the road after he found it potholed. He was also peeved with the slow progress of the road. The PWD had spent Rs 300 crore on the construction of road. \"The condition of roads in the state are not satisfactory at all,\" Yadav said. Yadav said that there were cases where in roads were constructed on papers only. In fact, Yadav was candid in saying that the engineers demanded 10 percent commission on construction of roads. It was because of the practice of commission that the quality of roads were compromised.The minister has now directed all the zonal engineers to submit a report within a week after an assessment if they need any repair work. \"It is only then that funds will be released for the project,'' he said. Shivpal added that the financial condition of the department was extremely poor.He said that the engineers need to change their style of functioning or else they should get ready to face action. The minister also directed the department engineers to see that the condition of roads improve within two months.Reviewing the projects of the UP bridge corporation, Yadav said that corporation during his previous stint as a minister had constructed 151 bridges in one year. However, during the BSP regime the number of bridges constructed by the corporation got reduced to around 50. He directed the officials to ensure that the incomplete bridges be completed as soon as possible. Shivpal also directed the managing director of UP bridge corporation to assess the situation of bridges on a day to day basis and see that their quality is not compromised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887663", "title": "DTC bus mows down man, driver held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was mowed down by a DTC bus in Paschim Vihar, west Delhi. Vikas Kumar was a resident of Tagore Garden and worked with a footwear manufacturing factory in Mangolpuri Industrial area. Kumar (22) was on his way home when a low-floor bus hit his cycle. \"The impact was such that Kumar was thrown off the cycle and he came under the wheel of the bus,\" a cop said. The driver, Arvind Singh, has been held.In another case, a student (22) was mowed down by a DTC bus in outer Delhi, police said. The victim was a resident of Shahdara, east Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12889438", "title": "Give debt relief or Trinamool will step up heat: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday threatened to bring her anger to the streets of New Delhi and launch an agitation in the capital if the Centre didn't give in to her demand for a moratorium on debt repayment.In a rare and exclusive interview to TOI at the Writers' Buildings in Kolkata, the Trinamool Congress chief didn't once utter the words \"threat\" or \"pullout\", but her message was clear. She is stepping up the pressure on the Congress-led coalition at the Centre without beating war drums. The Trinamool agitation in Delhi - quite unprecedented for an ally to take on its own government this way - is just the first step in a gradual escalation of pressure tactics.Mamata is due to meet PM Manmohan Singh next week to seek a three-year debt repayment moratorium for Bengal. \"We have been waiting for 11 months for the Centre to consider our demand sympathetically. We will wait some more. But if we don't get justice, all our MPs and MLAs will be forced to launch an agitation in Delhi,\" she told TOI.She added that she and her TMC colleagues would take a series of initiatives in Delhi to convince the Centre to clear the moratorium.Debt restructuring is a genuine demand. We have neither asked for a special package nor are we begging. Bengal's huge debt is a legacy of the past. In March 2011 alone, Bengal's total debt was around Rs 183,000 crore, two months before the change of government. At the end of May that year it had mounted to Rs 2,03,000 crore. The state was paying Rs 22,000 crore a year on payment of interest and the principal when its annual earning is Rs 21,000 crore, she pointed out. Bengal's plea should be treated as an exception,\" she said.As a first step, her party MPs have sought an appointment with the PM. This will be followed by her meeting with Singh, tentatively on May 4 - the day the PM meets chief ministers on the National Counter-Terrorism Centre, which Mamata opposes.\"The Fiscal Regulation and Budget Management Act was promulgated in 2005. Why did the Centre allow the financial indiscipline in Bengal even after that,\" she asked, accusing the Centre of indulging the Left government's \"gross financial indiscipline\".\"Money was borrowed even from the public fund. For this reason alone the Centre will have to agree to the moratorium.\" Mamata said her government was worried about paying salaries in the coming month as the Centre had \"suddenly and unilaterally\" deducted Rs 2,000 crore from its assistance on account of payment of compensatory sales tax. \"We had set aside Rs 3,000 crore for payment of salaries, now Rs 2,000 crore is suddenly gone despite the fact that the group of ministers had objected to such arbitrary deductions,\" she said.She indicated that while the PM and Sonia Gandhi continue to remain sympathetic to Bengal, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is not that forthcoming. \"Both the PM and finance minister had promised help. The truth is the PM is willing to help us. But even after that, I have been humiliated and insulted,\" she said without specifying who was responsible for it.She said she had met the PM five times on this issue and the finance minister 15 times. The Bengal finance minister had also met Pranab \"at least 15 times\". \"But we are told that if we are given the moratorium, J Jayalalithaa would raise the same demand. This argument is totally unacceptable and our plea should be heeded under any circumstances,\" Mamata said.The CM believes that if her government gets a three-year reprieve, it would help speed up development projects. \"No development and planning has taken place in the last 35 years, but we have done a lot in just 11 months,\" she said, listing out projects like additional rice procurement, creation of additional town police forces and creation of more employment opportunities. \"If we don't have the money, how shall we pursue projects like ensuring food for the poor, construction of roads and even pay salaries?\" She fears that an essential project like distribution of rice at Rs 2 per kg to poor, \"which had helped curb the Maoist menace in Bengal\", could suffer.On the coming presidential poll, Mamata plays her cards close to her chest. \"I don't want to say anything now. We have some political allies with whom we will have to talk. There is the Congress. We also have to talk to regional parties, in addition to some key non-political persons,\" she said. The Congress is dependent on the Trinamool to get its candidate elected to the post of President. The Samajwadi Party has already approached Mamata for a joint strategy, pushing for the non-political Abdul Kalam for a second term.Mamata made it clear that she still opposed the NCTC in its present form as it \"would be an assault on the federal structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887928", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited gets tough on defaulting local bodies", "text": "NASHIK: In a startling fact the interest accrued on the arrears that public water supply works owe to Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has grown seven times with the major defaulters being Yeola and Manmad municipal councils. Taking a tough stand against the local bodies, the MSEDCL, Nashik zone has sent letters to them to either pay-up or face disconnection.In all there are 16 public water works (PWWs) being operated by zilla parishad, municipal councils, minor irrigation and such entities in the Nashik circle that have defaulted. The arrears stand at Rs 218.39 lakh where as the interest has reached the figure of 804.24 lakh. The outstanding with PWWs in Nashik Circle (district) has been piling up for last several years and the civic bodies have failed to yield to MSEDCL's request.The arrears of Manmad Municipal Council has reached the figure of Rs 150.3 lakh and the interest factor has reached the figure of Rs 749.05 lakh at the same time arrears of Yeola stood at Rs 3.71 lakh and the interest has reached the figure of Rs 31.30 lakh.In order to get the arrears cleared the company has announced the amnesty scheme that allows the PWW to repay their arrears in 24 equated monthly instalments with and interest accrued waived off completely. But the PWW also has to clear the current bill every time.\"We have from time to time, communicated with each and every body, but they have failed to respond to our letters, suggestions and demands, to such extent that the interest accrued is twice or even thrice the actual arrears. The company has therefore announced the only chance for the bodies to get out of the vicious circle by paying the arrears and waiving off the interest,\" chief engineer P U Shinde said.\"Whenever we sent a letter to the civic bodies to pay up, they would make it a political or a prestige issue and gather sympathy. Sometimes the respective bodies would either pay a very small amount of the arrears or only the current bill and the things would be back to square one from the next billing cycle,\" an officer said on the condition of anonymity.\"The officers will meet the heads of these civic authorities to apprise them of the scheme. Those who still do not yield will be fined and interest will be charged from April 1, 2012. If the bodies fail to clear dues even then, the power connection of their water projects will be discontinued,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "paderu", "code": "12887821", "title": "Naxals gun down Special Intelligence Branch cop", "text": "PADERU: Maoists struck terror in Visakha Agency on Thursday evening by gunning down a Special Intelligence Branch (SIB) constable. In a similar incident earlier in the day, naxalites brutally killed two tribals and kidnapping 10 others from a village near Gadchiroli in eastern Maharashtra.Forty-five-year-old Kuda Appanna became the first SIB cop to have been shot dead by red guerrillas in the state. Sources said a Maoist action team carried out the dastardly attack at the government junior college grounds at around 5.30pm when Appanna got out of his car to fill air in the tyres.Eyewitnesses said that three armed youth opened fire on Appanna the moment he got out of the car. Four rounds were fired from close and Appanna took bullets in his head and chest. \"All of them had weapons and they fired at him from a very close range. He died on the spot,\" an eyewitness said. The attack carried out, the rebels fled the scene within seconds.Appanna, a native of Darela village in Munchingput mandal, had been working as an intelligence cop for 15 years and had been attached to SIB for the last six of those. Sources said Maoists had targeted him as they believed that he was the pointsman sending out key information about their whereabouts to the intelligence wing.\"The rebels were also mighty upset with Appanna for his role in mass surrenders of Maoist militia members\" a source pointed out. The deceased cop is survived by two wives and two children, aged five and one-and-a-half years.Earlier, a group of armed Maoists swooped down on Markegaon village in Gadchiroli division in the morning and caught hold of girijan duo Devsay Usandi and Ram Narote whose throats they then proceeded to slit in front of the villagers. After killing the duo whom they charged with being police informers, the rebels took away 10 tribals along with them and disappeared into the nearby forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "12886727", "title": "Rough sea conditions disrupt fishing activity", "text": "CANDOLIM: Rough sea conditions has disrupted fishing activity all along the coastline over the last few days. Almost all fishing trawlers were seen anchored at safe harbours. Speaking to TOI, chairman of Mandovi Fishermen's Co-operative Society, Menino Afonso, said, \"No fishing trawlers can go out to sea because of the strong winds and dangerous undercurrents which make it difficult for the fishermen to control the nets in the water. We are hoping the weather conditions improve in the next few days.\"According to him, the rough sea condition has been prevailing almost non-stop ever since the tsunami alert was issued more than 15 days ago following the earthquake in South-East Asia. The India Meteorological Department (IMD) said there was nothing unusual with the weather. \"At present, there is actually no disturbance in Goa or Maharashtra. There is an upper-air circulation in South Tamil Nadu, but I don't think it is having any effect in Goa,\" said KV Singh, director, IMD. But, most water sports operators who had suspended their activities for a few days, resumed their business, lifeguards said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12886571", "title": "Cortalim bypoll: South Goa collector issues prohibitory orders", "text": "MARGAO: In view of the byelections to the Cortalim assembly constituency on June 2, the South Goa district collector, N D Agarwal, on Thursday, issued an order under Section 144 of the CrPC, 1973, prohibiting the carrying of all types of arms, fire arms, ammunition, lethal weapons, in public places, streets, public squares, thoroughfares, bylanes, or in any open place in the Mormugao taluka.The order comes into force with immediate effect till the election process is over. Further, the collector has directed all arms license holders in Mormugao taluka to deposit all their fire arms at the nearest police station, in their respective jurisdiction, latest by May 5. All the firearms deposited will be returned to the license holders after June 18, i.e. after the election process is over, says the order.If any person has a real threat to his or her person or property, he or she should approach the director general of police for providing necessary security by the police \"but under no circumstances will any person be allowed to carry his own personal firearms, licensed or otherwise, except with special permission from the collector,\" the order adds.Addressing the media, Agarwal informed that two control rooms have been set up, one at the district headquarters, Margao (2714898 /1077 (toll free)/9850205651) and the other at the Mormugao mamlatdar office (2513014/9850205652).\"The public can contact the control rooms, which will be functioning round the clock, for election-related complaints or violation of model code of conduct,\" Agarwal said.Further, all the bars in South Goa will have to down their shutters by 11pm till June 18, i.e. until the election process is over, Agarwal said.Manoj Sadawarte and Amit Kumar Shukla, central government officers, have been appointed as in-charges of the flying squad, and will be assisted by four other officers. Besides, four sector officers have also been appointed, Agarwal said. The flying squad can be contacted on 9850205653 while the sector officers can be reached on 9850205654.South Goa SP Arvind Gawas, who was also present for the press briefing, informed that out of the total of 35 polling booths in Cortalim constituency, the police have identified six polling booths as sensitive and four as hypersensitive.The South Goa police have requisitioned two companies of central paramilitary forces to reinforce the strength of the local police, Gawas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12888050", "title": "4 zonal panels for house tax issues", "text": "GURGAON: After councillors protested house tax in the MCG House meeting on Wednesday, the municipality has decided to form committees in each zone to resolve the objections raised by the residents.According to sources, there are over 50,000 pending objections. Councillors said the residents were sent erroneous house tax bills and asked the municipal commissioner to order a fresh survey to assess the area and calculate tax dues.However, sources in the MCG said that a fresh survey will lead to cost overruns and delays. Gaje Singh Kablana of INLD suggested that ward-wise house tax committees should be formed and plots smaller than 50 square yards should be exempted from house tax.\"We have constituted four zonal committees. The committee members would include officials from the tax department and area councillors. Each committee will be headed by the joint commissioner of the respective zone,\" said an official.\"We have been lagging behind in implementing the house tax because of such objections. However, we hope that these zonal committees will be able to resolve the issues soon,\" he added.Last week, the director of urban local bodies department had invited all the municipal commissioners in the state to discuss a new formula for collecting house tax in municipal areas. However, no final decision has been taken yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887814", "title": "Safety drive after woman electrocuted", "text": "NASHIK: In a knee-jerk reaction to the incident where a woman was electrocuted in a slum area in Panchavati, the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has embarked upon a special drive to inspect and ensure that there are no bare wires in slum areas and to install 6-way and 12-way meter boxes.\"We have asked our personnel to check for any leakages in power cables, in slums that could cause accidentsanywhere, besides setting up multi-point meter boxes for safer connections,\" said MSEDCL executive engineer CU Patil reacting to the incident in which a 32-year-old woman was electrocuted.Speaking about the conditions of the slum area where the accident had occurred, an officer from the company on condition of anonymity said that the lane was hardly 3 feet wide and it was impossible to install even a small distribution box in there. Hence a pole was erected at the centre from where connections were provided through service wires to the residents.As is commonly known, most slums have illegal storeys constructed with makeshift material. In one such house, the Sharma family lived in one such dwelling. The deceased happenened to come into contact with the charged wire leading to the mishap. and the accident occurred.When asked if there were remedial measures being planned, Patil he said that that the company had the provisions to of layout underground lines or to set up 20 even setting up of transformers 20 in numbers, through a high voltage distribution scheme (HVDS), but the lack of space was a constraint. and lack of will of the people marred the projects.\"There is no proper are no proper drainage system making laying of out of underground cables is absolutely hazardous. Besides, in locations like these be it any slum, there have been incidences in the past where the personnel are not allowed to do their work, or in other cases, construction material or electricity material is has been stolen putting such projects on the backfoot. This has put the works in such areas on the back foot.However, we have undertaken the multi-meter box system, which has been completed in the neigbouring Vajreshwari slum,this area was the next \" the officer said.A multi-meter box is a device wherein by way of multi-meter box, a common wire is brought at a point where six or twelve meters are installed and connections to the houses surrounding the box is given. This was also completed in several other areas of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12889469", "title": "Robbers loot house after injuring inmates", "text": "VARANASI: A band of looters robbed cash and valuables worth more than Rs 1 lakh from a house after attacking a woman and her son in Mahavan village under Rohania police station on Wednesday night.According to reports, Shyamnarain Kanojia dwells in a house at Mahavan village with wife Hiramani, son Deepak and daughter Nandini. On Wednesday evening, Shyamnarain went to visit his sister in Akhri area. Hiramani and Deepak went to sleep outside their house in the night while Nandini slept on the terrace.After midnight, six masked miscreants raided the house. They tied Hiramani and Deepak with ropes and also beat up the woman brutally. Later, they entered the house and decamped with cash Rs 5,500 and ornaments worth over Rs 1 lakh. On receiving information of incident police reached the incident site on Thursday morning. Cops took one person in custody for interrogation in this connection.Death in mishap: Munakka Sao (55), a native of Bitapur village under Chaubeypur police station, was killed near Chhittanpur crossing when a car hit him and fled from the scene on Thursday. He died on the spot.Meanwhile, in another road mishap near Gulavan Nasirpur under Bilariaganj police station in Azagarh district, one Gorakh Yadav (35), a native of Kakarahi Jaskaran area was killed when a truck hit his motorcycle. He died on the spot.Man beaten to death: Ramu Chauhan, a 77-year-old man of Jahanaganj in Azamgarh district was beaten up by some miscreants near his house in Khema area on Wednesday night. He succumbed to injuries on the spot. Police were investigating the matter after sending the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12895338", "title": "Samantha School girl Look in 'Nee Thaane En Ponvasantham'", "text": "Here is the surprising look of cute actress Samantha in Nee Thaane En Ponvasantham movie.Samantha is seen in School Girl look in this still. Jiiva is playing male lead in the movie and Gautham Vasudev Menon is directing the movie.Source: Currentweek.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889173", "title": "CM praises Bihar State Road Development Corporation for infrastructure development", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Thursday entrusted the Bihar State Road Development Corporation (BSRDC) Limited not only with the responsibility of infrastructure development in the state but also to make state capital beautiful with the upkeep of the parks.Addressing the employees of the BSRDC on its third foundation day, he said, \"With so many works on road and bridge construction going on, I am confident my dream that people from any remote corner of Bihar reach state capital in a maximum of six hours will very soon become a reality.\" He was also happy that investors are coming for road and bridge construction on PPP mode.There was time, the CM said, when people were dying for small bridges and now mega bridges worth several hundred crores of rupees are coming up. A state's prosperity is measured from the private investment in infrastructure development, he added. The CM also awarded some employees for their extra-curricular activities.Road construction minister Nand Kishore Yadav said in the past one hundred years, 21 bridges across different rivers were constructed while the NDA government headed by Nitish Kumar during its six years tenure had constructed 16 river bridges, 17 are under construction while foundation stone of 12 bridges has already been laid.Earlier, the CM through video conferencing inaugurated a multi-purpose hall constructed by the BSRDC under corporate social responsibility on the campus of Balika Madhya Vidyalaya,Danapur, run by noted social activist Sudha Verghese. BSRDC MD Pratyaya Amrit said in road sector Bihar has made major leaps and now it is neighbouring states' envy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12889319", "title": "\u2018No convincing proof of mobile-cancer link\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Long-term use of mobile phones may cause cancer, although there is \"no convincing evidence\" to suggest that, claims the biggest ever review of the subject.The review, carried out by the British Health Protection Agency's Advisory Group on Non-ionising Radiation (AGNIR), found that a large number of studies have been published on cancer risks; but none of them had demonstrated that mobiles actually cause brain tumours or any other types of cancer.A small number of individual studies have claimed to have found evidence of a link between heavy mobile phone use and increased brain tumour incidence.Two years ago, the INTERPHONE study had reported that the heaviest users could be at a 40% increased risk of developing glioma, a common type of brain cancer. But, most studies have found no such association. Launching the 333-page report, which reviewed hundreds of studies, professor Anthony Swerdlow, chairman of AGNIR, said, \"I think there is a need to keep a watch on national cancer trends in relation to this, particularly with brain tumours.\"So far brain tumour rates are not rising in the sorts of age groups who have had exposure for 10, 15 years. But if this is something that takes 15, 20 years or more to show up... we need to keep watch over rates just in case,\" Swerdlow was quoted as saying by the Daily Telegraph.Swerdlow, also an epidemiologist at the Institute of Cancer Research, said that researchers running cohort studies also needed to investigate the matter to see if heavy users of mobile phones tended to develop brain tumours more than others.The review found no evidence that radiofrequency electromagnetic fields caused by wi-fi caused harmful effects. Neither did it find any proof that cellphone transmitters caused health problems, and recommended that \"excessive\" use of mobile phones by kids should be discouraged while adults should make their own decision. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888759", "title": "Drug dealer clubbed to death", "text": "CHENNAI: A ganja peddler feared by his neighbours in Royapettah was clubbed to death by his sister and two relatives on Thursday, police said.Shanthi and her brother Nagarajan allegedly used cricket stumps to beat C Palani to death. In the evening, both of them surrendered before a judicial magistrate court in Poonamallee. Police suspect Shanthi had a land dispute with Palani.\"Palani was taking bath in a bathroom beside a small compound wall on a narrow lane off Pudupet Garden Street. At 9.50am his sister Shanthi, 40, her brother Nagarajan, 32, and her son-in-law Bhoopathi barged into the bathroom and hit him with cricket stumps,\" assistant commissioner of police (Royapettah) K Ramachandran told TOI.An apparently terrified Palani, who fell after a few blows, managed to run out of the bathroom, but the group caught him and hit him again repeatedly. Police quoting witnesses said Nagarajan slashed him with a knife and dropped a grinding stone on his head while Shanthi held him tight to a wall. Palani was involved in three murder cases and five attempt to murder cases in north Chennai.Tondiarpet police have registered a murder case and are on the lookout for Bhoopathi who is absconding. Before police could rush in, he fled the scene. The area showed no signs of a murder, and the residents did not seem to be shocked over the killing.Residents said Palani was harassing many shopkeepers demanding money daily. Nobody came to his rescue. Palani was living with Poompuhar, wife of an accused, who is now in Puzhal prison. The couple have two daughters and a son.A couple of days ago, Palani reportedly threatened a few shopkeepers when they refused to give him money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12887822", "title": "Brothers robbed of Rs 2L at gunpoint", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang of four barged into an office in Madhavpura on Wednesday night and robbed Rs 1.5 lakh cash and gold jewellery worth Rs 50,000 from two brothers. Police believe the robbery to be the handiwork of an insider. According to Madhvapura police officials, Kailash Jain, 32, and his brother Kishor, 30 - residents of Ghevar Complex, Shahibaug - own Kailash Trading on Madhavpura crossroads. It deals in household goods commission. Kailash and Kishor were present at their office at 10 pm when four persons barged in and locked the door. One of the four had used a handkerchief to mask his face. \"A robber approached Kailash with a knife while another threatened Kishor with a revolver,\" said a Madhavpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12889712", "title": "Murdoch admits to hacking, rues News of the World cover-up", "text": "LONDON: Media baron Rupert Murdoch , appearing before a judicial inquiry into phone-hacking allegations at the now-defunct News of the World , admitted on Thursday that people's mobile phones were illegally hacked and even conceded there had been a cover-up at the newspaper, though he denied he had been a part of this.It was the second day that Murdoch - owner of Star TV in India and chairman of the $60 billion media conglomerate News Corporation - was giving evidence at London's Royal Courts of Justice. Under a patient, polite, but piercing inquisition by the lead counsel, Robert Jay, the 81-year-old tycoon could no longer keep denying or not remembering.Playing the victim, Murdoch said, \"There was a cover-up . I think the senior executives were shielded from anything that was going on there. But there is no question in my mind that maybe even the editor, but certainly beyond that, someone took charge of a cover-up .\"He came close to naming those he suspected, describing one as a \"clever lawyer and a drinking pal of the journalists\" . Asked if he should have known about the cover-up, Murdoch responded : \"I also have to say that I failed; and I am very sorry about it.\" He continued: \"I am guilty of not having paid enough attention to the News of the World, probably throughout all of the time that we've owned it.\"Meanwhile, Harold Evans, who was editor of the Times when Murdoch bought it in 1981 - and sacked him within a year - was scathing in his criticism of Murdoch's deposition.Evans alleged that Murdoch had told the then news editor of the Times the promises of editorial independence given to avoid his bid for the paper being referred to the British Monopolies and Mergers Commission (MMC) \"weren't worth the paper they were written on\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887364", "title": "Why do you strike work: HC asks union", "text": "MUMBAI: Don't go on strike and harass passengers, the Bombay high court told the Sharad Rao-led Mumbai Auto Rickshawmen's Union on Thursday.A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing the union's matter remanded to the HC by the Supreme Court for monitoring. On April 13, the apex court dismissed a special leave petition filed by the union challenging the HC's decision last month to dismiss the union's petition against electronic meters. The apex court directed the state to file before the HC a compliance report regarding e-meters' implementation.Additional government pleader S R Nargolkar said a preliminary compliance report will be submitted by May 8. He, however, informed the court that in a month and a half about 1,743 e-meters have been installed in Mumbai. It will take a year, he said, to fit all autos with e-meters since it has to be done whenever drivers bring their vehicles for the yearly fitness test. There are about a lakh autos in Mumbai and 5 lakh autos in the state, the court was informed.The judges questioned the union's call for a strike to demand a hike in fares. \"Don't harass passengers. Why do you go on strike?\" asked Justice Majmudar.The union's advocate M D Nagle said an undertaking has been given to the court on not striking work over e-meters but he said he would not be able to make a similar statement over fare hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12888643", "title": "Cancelled Rajya Sabha poll ballot box with CBI", "text": "RANCHI: Having sought permission of the Election Commission (EC), CBI sleuths on Thursday took possession of the ballot box related to the countermanded Rajya Sabha poll from the assembly to investigate into the charges of horse trading in the March 30 election.The officers are learnt to have argued that the investigation would have remained inconclusive if the final outcome in form of votes cast by legislators in the assembly was not clear. The agency was directed by the EC principal secretary through the Union secretary of personnel, public grievances and pension on April 9 to take up investigation into the entire election process.A team led by CBI SP R C Choudhary arrived at the assembly campus in the morning and summoned polling agents of various political parties to open the box at the strong room. The election's returning officer and assembly secretary in-charge, K K Prasad, said his role was limited to cooperating with the sleuths. \"I handed over the ballot box and relevant papers related to the March 30 electoral process to the CBI and had made necessary arrangement for the polling agents to remain present when the strong room was being opened,\" he said.Prasad admitted that after confirmation of signatures on the sealed box by different polling agents, CBI officers scrutinized the papers and ballot papers as well. \"I was present as custodian of the ballot box till it was not officially handed over to the CBI,\" Prasad said.JMM's polling agent Suprio Bhattacharya said he was asked to confirm his signature on the sealed ballot box. \"I did what I was asked to butI believe that the ballot box opening and counting of the votes should have been done before the polling agents or someone authorized by the party to oversee the counting,\" he said.It took more than eight hours for the CBI to complete formalities before leaving the assembly premises around 8 pm. The CBI is learnt to have seized all the relevant papers, including two hourly report sent by the returning officer to EC on the day of elections. It has also taken a copy of the report sent to the EC in which three MLAs were accused of violating standard electoral norms.Unwilling to give details of the scrutiny of ballot papers and other seized documents, that would be taken to New Delhi, Choudhary said they had completed their investigation at the assembly for now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12887984", "title": "22 suicides reported in 4 months in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: On an average, at least one suicide takes place every week in Gurgaon. In the past four months, 22 suicide deaths were reported from the city. While this data is alarming enough, police records don't even account for the large and rising number of attempted suicides.Is this inevitable in stressful urban life, or does it show how little we care for mental health? According to experts in clinical psychology, both these points need emphasis if we are to understand suicide and help prevent it.Dr Roma Kumar, senior consultant clinical psychologist at the Max Hospital, gets around 12-14 depression- and other stress-related cases every month. \"Suicide is the thirrd leading cause of death among adolescents of 15-24 years of age. And the sixth leading cause among children of 5-14 years of age.\" Most of the cases reported from Gurgaon have indeed involved young post-adolescents.\"Suicidal people tend to be severely depressed. At the same time unable to recognize their symptoms. More importantly, people around them are unable to recognize their symptoms, too,\" said Kumar. Stress and depression are common, but some have lower threshold levels and are driven to extremes by their despair. Kumar prescribes 24/7 suicide helpline and counseling centres for those in need.Gurgaon, despite the soaring suicide rate, doesn't have a single helpline for depressives and others showing suicidal tendencies - a lack, which, according to suicide prevention activists, is contributing to the problem. \"Counselling can help a lot. Simply talking can help a lot,\" said Honey Chandaani, a psychiatric counsellor based in New Delhi, who deals with suicidal patients. \"Suicide is the culmination of unbearable stress, shame and guilt. And before a case goes out of hand, counselling can work wonders,\" he said.Chandaani says that offices, schools and colleges should set up workshops and special sessions for those seeking psychiatric help. As does Johnson Thomas, a suicide prevention activist, who runs round-the-clock suicide helplines across the country, Aasra.\"We get about 30 calls a day from all over the country,\" he said. Thomas believes that in cities like Gurgaon, lifestyle changes and high-speed-living are 'making a psychological dent.' \"There are a lot of people who have been suddenly thrust into jobs, which give a lot, in terms of money, and take a lot, in terms of peace of mind and stability.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12888967", "title": "Rubella vaccine before pregnancy must for baby's health: Doctors", "text": "INDORE: Timely immunisation before pregnancy against rubella can save the newborn child from congenital deformities such as blindness, deafness , and retarded mental growth and heart problems, say city-based gynaecologists. According to them, it is essential to get vaccinated against rubella three months before conceiving a child.Dr Neerja Pauranik, senior gynaecologist and head of department, Bombay Hospital, said, \"A few people get the vaccination done at their level. There is lack of awareness about the vaccine and a few avoid on economical reasons too. However, the vaccine is not costly and is also safe to use.\"Only 5% women can develop mild rashes on skin as a side effect of the vaccination, Dr Paruanik said adding that there is no need to worry of the side effect. The vaccine should not be taken during pregnancy but three months before conceiving a child, she added.Rubella, also known as German measles, is a mild disease that affects an expectant mother and can have very harmful effects on the unborn child. Rubella vaccine is recommended for pre-pregnancy.Another city-based consultant gynaecologist Dr Ruma Shukla said, \"It can seriously affect infant's vision and hearing abilities. If you are infected with it during the first four months of pregnancy, it can cause brain and heart problems to the child. If a pregnant woman's blood shows that she has recently been infected with rubella, she may be counseled for a termination of pregnancy.\"Elaborating further about the infection, Dr Shukla said that most of the post-marital and recurrent abortion occur due to rubella infection.As per the WHO recommendation, countries should take the opportunity of accelerated measles control and elimination activities to introduce vaccines against rubella. Those countries that have not introduced rubella vaccine, and are providing two doses of measles vaccine using routine immunization or supplementary immunization activities should consider the inclusion of rubella vaccination in their immunization programme. However, the vaccine is yet to be included in the immunisation programme in state.According to Dr Seema Vijayvargiya, secretary, Indore Obs-gynae Society, the vaccination should be given to the girls in the age group 12 to 26 years to avoid congenital malformation among girls. \"Only one dose of Rs 30 can save a newborn child from the infection,\" she said.Apart from nominal cost of vaccine in market, Rotary Club is providing the vaccine for free. The club has vaccinated 30,000 girls last year and plans to go for an awareness drive in schools and colleges.According to Dr Nalini Langar of Rotary Club, it is the responsibility of all club members and associated gynecologists too contribute to the society and raise awareness on the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12892694", "title": "SC sets up committee on norms for issuing SIM cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday set up a joint expert panel to recommend the procedure for the telecom firms for properly identifying the customers before issuing SIM cards to them.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia said the panel comprising officials of the department of telecommunications (DoT) and the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai) will submit its report to the government within three months.The bench passed the order on a plea by one Avishek Goenka seeking its direction to the government to frame guidelines for telecom firms for issuing SIM cards.He further alleged the verification norms were necessary in view of the recent probe in terror attacks pointing towards the use of mobile phones the connections for which were given on the basis of fake documents.He had pointed out that both in Mumbai and Delhi blasts, the probe had reached to the conclusion that the cellular phones used by the accused were operating with SIM cards, secured on the basis of bogus documents.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887475", "title": "Power cuts up sharply for high loss feeders", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major decision to crack down on power theft, MSEDCL has significantly increased load-shedding in high loss areas - those having more than 50% distribution and collection losses (DCL). For the first time in the history of the state, duration of power cuts will be calculated feeder wise depending on their DCL figures. The principle for the feeders will be same as that for MSEDCL divisions. A feeder is a supply line that emanates from a substation and supplies power to hundreds of consumers.Most of high loss divisions are in Marathwada. The high loss feeders are bound to be in such divisions. There is no division in Nagpur division having DCL more than 50% and hence the order wont affect this area. At present, MSEDCL divisions having DCL less than 42% do not face any load-shedding. The situation will continue as power availability is increasing in the state at a satisfactory pace. Divisions having losses between 42% and 50% come under E category while those having losses over 50% are under F category.MSEDCL has now decided that treating a feeder having 51% loss at par with one having 65% was unfair. Hence the company has created new categories - G1, G2 and G3. The feeders having losses between 50 and 55% will come under F, 55 to 60 - G1, 60 to 65 - G2 and 65 and above G3.At present, all divisions and hence feeders having over 50% losses had seven hours load-shedding in urban and semi-urban areas. However, now F category will have seven hours, G1 - nine hours, G2 - ten and G3 - eleven hours. Thus the load-shedding has been increased by six hours for a division having losses over 65%. This will send a strong message to consumers of the division that power theft wont be tolerated.Till now the losses were calculated by giving 70% weightage to distribution losses and 30% to collection efficiency. Now both will have same weightage, which implies that high arrears will increase the losses of a division.Explaining the philosophy behind the decision, a senior MSEDCL official said the company purchased power at an average rate of Rs 3.60 per unit. The cost increased to Rs 5.19 per unit by the time it reached the consumers. However, in divisions where losses were more 50%, MSEDCL recovered less than Re 1 per unit. \"This loss has to be recovered from honest consumers in other divisions. We have decided that consumers of such high loss divisions can't be spared anymore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "tripunithura", "code": "12888451", "title": "Chain snatchers operating in Tripunithura strike gold", "text": "TRIPUNITHURA: Chain snatchers operating in and around the temple town have adopted a new mode of operation. They now target devotees who are either on their way to temples or are returning from these places of worship.There are nearly 100 temples spread across the area between Chottanikkara and Eroor. And nearly six cases of chain snatching are reported in this region in a week. The latest incident was reported from near the Pisharikovil Temple.The chain-snatching gangs find their task very easy as devotees follow a very strict routine, especially for the auspicious 'nirmalya dharshanam' (the viewing of the idol in the sanctum sanctorum soon after the temple opens) early in the morning.Nirmalya dharshanam at Sree Poornathrayeesha Temple begins at 4.00am, followed by nearby temples such as Chakkamkulangara Siva Temple, Thamaramkulangara Sree Dharma Sastha Temple, Adampillykavu Temple, etc.As the timing of nirmalyam in these temples varies, devotees move from one temple to another through the pocket roads. This is the time (from 4 am to 6 am) that chain snatchers strike, according to Hill Palace police.Last week, gangs snatched a chain from a devotee on Mukkottil Temple Road, which was followed by another attempt near Thamaramkulangara Temple. This was foiled by locals. But the two-member team succeeded in snatching a five-sovereign chain from a woman on Elamana Road. On Monday morning, a motor bike-borne youth snatched five-sovereign chain from a woman near the Pisharikovil Temple.There have been even attempts at grabbing gold chains while devotees are having darshan. \"My mother's chain was snatched while she was inside Sree Poornathrayeesha Temple,\" said C G Harish of Spectrum Electronics.Some of these gang members pretend to be ardent devotees, and visit various temples, said Koodappuzha Sankaran Namboothiri, the main priest at Thamaramkulangara Temple.\"These gangs first study the routine of potential victims during day time in select localities and prepare a route map and plan on how to carry out the crime and escape. They prefer Pulsar bikes for their operations as these bikes have extra pulling power,\" said sub-inspector P R Santhosh of Hill Palace Police Station.The Hill Palace Police, meanwhile, have intensified search for the criminals behind the recent incidents.\"We have deployed two-member beat teams in each temple locality to monitor pocket roads. Those who notice strangers roaming on motorbikes should inform either the beat team or the police station. They should also note down the registration number of such bikes,\" Santhosh said.In the wake of increasing chain snatching cases, many temple committees here have extended wholehearted support to police officials in tracing chain snatchers.\"As part of this mission we have displayed a notice on our notice board,'' said V Krishnanath, joint secretary of Thamaramkulangara Ayyappa Seva Samity.\"The notice requests devotees (especially women) to avoid using ornaments on usual days and to be alert in the wee hours and on evenings,'' Krishnanath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12889303", "title": "Manipuri lad to bring Hollywood-style effects in movies back home", "text": "IMPHAL: A young 3D stereo effect compositor from Manipur is one of members of a Mumbai-based technical team that is part of many Hollywood hits including 'Star Wars Part 1', the Harry Potter series, 'The Green Lantern', 'Immortals' and 'Transformers'.A resident of Khwai Brahmapur Nagamapal in Imphal , Vicky (24), along with his colleagues, worked on the visual effects for these films at Prime focus, a Mumbai-based studio which does work for many Hollywood-based companies among others. He holds a diploma in visual effects from Frameboxx, a Delhi-based institute.\"The world of visuals effects is like a wonderland and my journey in this world has been amazing; it was filled with lots of ups and downs and I love my work as it translates into viewing pleasure for the audience,\" said Vicky.Vicky, who was working as a team leader and global trainer in Mumbai is now looking to work in Manipur where the digital-format movie industry is booming. \"I have left Prime Focus and I'm looking forward to join the digital-format film industry in Manipur. I want to do my best to add stunning visual effects to Manipuri movies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887047", "title": "Pipeline work leads to traffic snarls on Western Express Highway", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's pipeline work between Vakola and Kherwadi has led to massive peak hour traffic snarls on the Western Express Highway. The traffic police said the nightmare for motorists will continue for more than a fortnight.Civic officials have dug large pits to fit valves on water pipelines. \"The work was to have been carried out last month, but we requested the civic body to postpone it as students' exams were on. We had to grant permission eventually as the work is essential. We are trying our best to minimize inconvenience to motorists,\" a senior traffic official said.The highway was jammed between Bandra (E) and Andheri (E) between 10am and 1pm on Wednesday and Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12890072", "title": "Protesting villagers spoil marriage song and dance", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: More than 50,000 people were left disappointed as stage performances in almost all marriage palaces at Ferozepur Road were disrupted by protesting villagers. The villagers alleged that their wheat got burnt due to the crackers burst in marriages. They also blocked the highway resulting in a massive traffic jam.There are around 16 marriage palaces on this road. According to sources, it was around 11pm when suddenly some farmers gate crashed few marriage palaces.The villagers shouted slogans alleging that their wheat got burnt due to the crackers used in the marriage, added sources.Resident of Sarabha Nagar, Sukhjinder Singh said, ''I was completely taken aback when some villagers came and disrupted the ceremony. Nobody even protested against them.''Resident of Model Town, Sunita Dhingra said, ''The mood of the party was spoiled as the DJ system was stopped. It was not restored even after the villagers had gone. Later, I got to know that the villagers protested at many marriage palaces.''Resident of Dugri, Amarjeet Singh said, ''I left the part for some urgent work but got stuck in the traffic jam for over an hour as farmers had blocked the way in protest.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12888457", "title": "Auto overturns, kids have narrow escape", "text": "NOIDA: Thirteen schoolchildren had a close shave when the autorickshaw they were travelling in overturned after being hit by a speeding bus. Three students, who were critically injured, have been admitted in the ICU at a city hospital.The incident took place around 2pm when the autorickshaw driver was taking the students to their respective homes. \"A bus rammed into the three-wheeler near City Centre. The autorickshaw overturned becuase of the impact. The children were rescued by locals and rushed to Prakash Hospital. While 10 kids were discharged after first aid, three are still in the ICU. Meanwhile, bus drivers started beating up the autorickshaw driver blaming him for driving rashly,\" a police official said.Those with critical injuries have been identified as Shivansh (12), Rohit and Ajay (11). All are students of Class 7 in Central School. \"The victims have sustained bruises and fractures. A team of doctors is looking after them\", said a source at Kailash Hospital.\"Prima facie it seems to be the fault of the auto driver who was carrying 13 students in the vehicle. A team has been formed to look into the matter. Some locals and witnesses have also been questioned,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12890083", "title": "After rain, thunderstorm likely today", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city woke up to a bright sun, thinking it would be another hot day. But soon, rainfall showered cheer, bringing the temperature down. About 7.7m rainfall was recorded on Thursday.During the next 24 hours, city may witness duststorms and thunderstorms, says Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate agro-meteorologist at Punjab Agricultural University. He adds, ''The western disturbances brought the rain clouds. A rise in minimum temperature from 19.2 degree celsius to 21.2 degree celsius caused the western disturbances.Dildeep Singh, 23, a student of PAU, enjoyed the shower when it started around 3pm over coffee with friends Manpreet Singh and Gurpreet Singh.Kirti of Ghumar Mandi, said, \"I hope the weather remains cool throughout this summer.''Reema Verma, a homemaker of Kitchlu Nagar, said, ''The fall in temperature is quite a relief.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890096", "title": "CBI gets more time to respond to Thamburaj\u2019s plea", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Thursday granted more time to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Pune unit, to respond to the anticipatory bail plea filed by former vice-chief of army staff Lt. Gen. Noble Thamburaj (retd) in a case pertaining to his alleged involvement in a defence land lease case.CBI special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena sought time to reply to the bail plea because the deputy superintendent of police Rajpal Singh who is investigating the case was out of Pune.Apprehending arrest, Thamburaj had obtained ad interim anticipatory bail on March 20. Later, the bail was extended till April 26 after the CBI filed a report before the court seeking one-month time. On Thursday, the court granted the CBI time till April 30 to respond to the bail plea.Thamburaj was posted at Southern Command headquarters from October 1, 2007 to December 31, 2008. He took charge as vice-chief of army on January 1, 2009.On January 30, the Army Headquarters, New Delhi, had registered a complaint with the CBI, alleging that Thamburaj, who was then the General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Southern Command in Pune, and former defence estates officer S R Nayyar extended undue favour to a construction firm, Kalpataru Builders, in the matter of leasing a bungalow on a prime defence land in the Pune cantonment.The matter relates to a 0.96 acre piece of land at bungalow no 8-A, survey no. 241-A, Lothian road, in the Pune cantonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12888504", "title": "Ex-PWD minister moves high court against Lokayukta order", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Former state PWD minister Nasimuddin Siddiqui along with his wife Husna has knocked doors of the Allahabad High Court challenging an order of the state Lokayukta whereby the matter relating to his disproportionate asset case has been sent before the present UP Chief Minister for reconsideration.Siddiqui and his wife have sought quashing of the order dated March 15,2012, whereby the Lokayukt has referred the disproportionate asset case for the reconsideration to the UP chief minister.The former cabinet minister has demanded not to disclose the material colleted by the Lokayukt or opinion formed by him in respect of disproportionate asset case either in the print or electronic media.The bench, comprising Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel, will again hear this case on April 30.The state government, UP chief minister(competent authority under the lokayukta act), Lokayukta-UP and NK Mehrotra in personal capacity have been made party in the writ petition.Counsel appearing for the petitioner Shashi Nandan in support of his case argued in the court that Lokayuta has no power to re-send the matter of the disproportionate asset case to the present chief minister for reconsideration under the Lokayukta act. He argued that once the former UP chief minister (competent authority) Mayawati had finally considered this issue after the recommendation made by the Lokayukta and dropped the aforesaid proceedings, the same case against Siddiqui cannot be re-opened by the Lokayukta.Advocate-general of the state SP Gupta had opposed the writ petition stating that this writ petition is not maintainable for the reason that no final decision in this regard has been taken by the chief minister so far. He also pointed out the bench that the petitioners have approached the court at preliminary stage and therefore no relief could be granted in their favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12886656", "title": "Lower rates please: Hoteliers to Margao Municipal Council", "text": "MARGAO: Members of the South Goa Hotel and Restaurant Owners Association say they are not against the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) charging for collecting hotel waste, but they want the rates to be reasonable. They also want the increased rates not to exceed 20-25% of the earlier charges.Claiming that they unfailingly paid the monthly garbage collection rates in the past despite MMC's collection drive being irregular, association members alleged a wrong impression has been created that only hoteliers mess up Margao.MMC has classified the hotels and restaurants into three categories depending on size. Accordingly, it's been proposed that A category units pay 80, category B units pay 60 and category C units pay 20 per month for waste collection. In a similar exercise in 2007, the rates were 25, 15 and 10 for categories A, B and C respectively. There are 386 hotels and restaurants across Margao and Fatorda.Sources said MMC's exercise, initiated in March 2011, was supposed to be a trial drive and fees would be imposed only once the pitfalls were identified and the exercise streamlined.As the fee structure hasn't found favour with hoteliers, the exercise has failed to generate revenue and drains resources instead, sources said.\"All of a sudden the MMC has sought to increase the garbage collection charges by over 300%,\" association president C P Jaggi told TOI on Thursday. He stressed that the classification of small, medium and big hotels should be done systematically and properly by MMC before any charges for garbage collection are levied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12887808", "title": "Hillary to make farewell visit to India as Secretary of State", "text": "WASHINGTON: She reignited moribund US-India ties with a visit to New Delhi in 1994 as the First Lady in the first Clinton administration. Now, she may be making a farewell visit to India, a swansong for a well-established relationship that she nourished over two decades in the corridors of power.Hillary Clinton will visit India on May 7 and 8 on the final leg of a three-country tour, the State Department announced on Thursday. She will arrive in Kolkota (from Dhaka) on May 7, where she will meet with officials of the Mamata Banerjee government and other civil society organization representatives. She will then go to New Delhi where she will meet with Indian government officials to review progress in the strategic partnership.The announcement, and timing, of the visit comes as a surprise since Clinton was expected to engage her Indian counterpart SM Kirshna at the US-India Strategic Dialogue to be held in Washington, D.C. on June 13, just five weeks after her now-proposed visit. Her primary Asia mission was meant to attend the fourth round of US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue in Beijing on May 3-4. There were also reports that she might visit Pakistan to smoothen the embittered relationship with Islamabad . India was not on the cards.However, the state department on Thursday announced what in all likelihood will be Clinton's farewell visit to India as Secretary of State since she has indicated she won't be taking up the same office in an Obama second term. The fact that she is coming to India soon after the China engagement, and ahead of the strategic dialogue and the NATO summit meeting in Chicago suggests she is working on a larger project at the tail end of her term as a much-admired secretary of state.During her last visit to India in July 2011, Clinton exited India through Chennai, where she made a landmark speech urging New Delhi to play a leadership role in Asia-Pacific. The speech was widely seen as an encouragement to India's Look East policy. Whether she revisits the theme in Kolkata, which she has visited in 1997 as First Lady following the death of Mother Teresa , remains to be seen.From another run for the White House to World Bank presidency, Clinton, who is now 65, has been mentioned for various new positions. But indications are that she wants to retire to a private life, pursuing her pet personal projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888454", "title": "Bofors boom in House, again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty five years after the issue first hit headlines, the BJP on Thursday revived the controversy describing it as a \"continuing saga of corruption\" that had not got closure. The party, joined by Left leaders, demanded a judicial probe in a debate that saw uncharacteristic informal interventions by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and BJP member Menaka Gandhi .Both houses of Parliament were repeatedly disrupted over the issue when the BJP alleged \"cover up\" in probe and \"burial\" of the case. It led to acrimonious exchanges with the Congress members leading to adjournments in the pre-lunch sitting.Raising the issue during zero hour in the Lok Sabha, senior BJP leader Jaswant Singh admitted that while \"the correct weapon was acquired, it was acquired in a wrong manner....You (Congress) have paid, we have paid. The nation continues to pay for the mistake.\" CPM leader Basudeb Acharia demanded reopening of the Bofors pay-offs case.He was interrupted by parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal who said that it was the BJP who was responsible for spreading canards about how the Bofors weapon system was ineffective. Congress leader Sonia Gandhi also interrupted when Singh spoke about how the name of actor Amitabh Bachchan had been dragged into the controversy. Sonia was seen telling the BJP benches that it was their party who had accused Bachchan.Singh raised several questions, including why the Indian investigators did not meet investigators in Sweden and why prime accused Octovio Quattrocchi was allowed to escape from New Delhi.Admitting that the NDA had failed to get Quattrocchi extradited after his arrest in Malaysia, Singh said, \"Many will say why did not you do it. You have failed, we have failed. But don't consider our failure as your success.\"In the Rajya Sabha, leader of opposition Arun Jaitley said, \"There were repeated efforts to cover up. The pace of investigation varied with the colour of the political government in power... we gave a whole burial to the case... the fact is clear. Somebody got the contract and somebody got the kickback...this man (Quattrocchi) is so powerful. Entire Indian state appeared so helpless... this is a textbook illustration of fraud.\"As Congress member Mani Shankar Aiyar rose on behalf of the treasury benches to counter the allegations of Jaitely, Opposition members shouted him into silence asking why he is being allowed to speak when only leaders of parties in the House have been permitted to raise the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12886548", "title": "Thorat murder: High court sets aside Shadab's life sentence", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently set aside a sentence of life imprisonment imposed by the trial court against Mohamud Shadab for murdering Sanjay Thorat at Vasco in 2000.Additional sessions court at Margao had held the accused guilty under Section 302, IPC, for killing the deceased by assaulting him with a boulder on May 5, 2000. The trial court had also sentenced him for robbing the wrist watch and gold chain, finger ring all valued at 14,000.The accused had filed an appeal against the trial court judgment. During the hearing before the high court, advocate for the appellant, Arun Bras de Sa argued that there is absolutely no evidence that the duo were last seen together or to prove the motive for the commission of the crime. He further submitted that the alleged recoveries of the articles belonging to the deceased and the clothes of the accused at the instance of the accused, have not been proved by legal evidence.De Sa pointed out that these articles and clothes were not produced before the trial court. The public prosecutor C A Ferreira explained that the articles seized during the investigation ,which were received by Vasco police, were missing even before the trial started. Hence, the prosecution could not produce the 'muddemal' articles and this cannot be treated as fatal to the prosecution case, Ferreira said.While giving benefit of doubt in murder and robbery case, a division bench comprising justice A P Lavande and U V Bakre, observed, \"In the absence of identification of the clothes before the court, the evidence led by the prosecution regarding recovery of the said clothes, at the instance of the accused and presence of human blood on the clothes, do not stand proved.\"The court stated that no reliance can be placed on identification of the wrist watch and gold chain at the police station by the panch witness as they were not produced before the court for identification. It also held that it was extremely difficult to hold the accused guilty for the murder in absence of proof of motive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12889477", "title": "Property rights discussed at Banaras Hindu University", "text": "VARANASI: Observing the World Intellectual Property Right's Day, Intellectual Property Right (IPR) cell of the Banaras Hindu University (BHU) organised a workshop on property rights at the Senate Hall of Swatantrata Bhawan on Thursday.Addressing the workshop, Prof J N Sinha, director of Institue of Technology (IT-BHU) said an educational institution must realise its role in patent regulation, awareness about the intellectual property rights and felicitation incentive must be encouraged. \"It is also important that all the researchers and scientists be oriented to do research with an idea as to whether there is any possibility of patenting,\" he added.Prof Raju Majhi of Law School, Prof S Kumar of department of Mechanical Engineering, Dr Anjali Bajpayi of faculty of Education, Dr P K Sharma of Institute of Agriculture (IAS) along with many others participated at the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "12888612", "title": "Katarniaghat control room to check forest fires", "text": "BAHRAICH: With a view to averting any fire mishap at Katarniaghat forests, the administration has opened a control room in Bahraich district.\"The control room would operate from the office of sub-divisonal forest officer,\" Katarniaghat Divisonal forest officer (Wildlife) R K Singh said adding, \"fires are common during summer.\"An appeal has also been made to the locals and the tourists to apprise the control room about any fire to enable timely action. Besides, the forest department has asked the passers-by not to throw burning matchsticks and cigarettes in the woods.The forest is home to a number of wildlife animals, including elephants, leopards and tigers. Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary is a part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve and is located on UP's border with Nepal in the Terai area of Bahraich district. It covers an area of 400 km and was established in 1976.The sanctuary is now being managed along with the Dudhwa National Park and Kishanpur Wildlife Sanctuary, as part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve under Project Tiger of the Government of India. The Katerniaghat forests provide strategic connectivity between tiger habitats of Dudhwa and Kishanpur in India and the Bardia National Park in Nepal. Its fragile Terai ecosystem comprises a mesmerizing mosaic of Sal and Teak forests, lush grasslands, steaming swamps and wetlands.It is unique for the number of endangered and critically endangered species, which are found here and include the gharial, tiger, rhino, Gangetic dolphin, swamp deer, Hispid hare, Bengal florican, the white-backed and long-billed vultures. One of the best places in the world for seeing the gharial in its natural habitat is the Girwa River, where it is found sympatric with the mugger. This population was one of three that were still breeding, when the project to conserve this reptile from the verge of extinction was initiated in 1975.In the Girwa, mugger crocodiles are also seen though in much smaller numbers, as their favorite haunts are stagnant wetlands like the many 'taals' and 'baghars' that dot the sanctuary. Side by side the serenely swimming gharial can be seen frolicking Ganges dolphins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887243", "title": "Airfares from Mumbai may soar", "text": "MUMBAI: Flyers taking off from the Mumbai airport are likely to pay around 15% more from the current charges if the Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd's proposal of a whopping 500% hike in landing and parking charges or the user development fee (UDF) is approved by the Airport Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA).Having already been burdened by an airport development fee of Rs 100 for domestic travelers and Rs 600 for international flyers from May 1, the hike, if approved by AERA, is likely to make flying from Mumbai one of the costliest in the country.After Delhi airport increased the landing and parking charges by 346%, Mumbai has proposed a 500% increase that is under AERA's consideration and a decision will be taken in next two months.With the aviation sector already struggling to keep its operations going, industry sources said airlines will have no choice but to pass it on to the passengers by increasing airfares.On Wednesday, AERA had allowed Delhi airport to increase UDF by 346% for the next two years. As per a preliminary analysis made by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA), the hike in airport charges in Mumbai is likely to be higher than Delhi airport.CAPA estimates show that once Mumbai also gets a sanction to charge a higher fee, the price of the Delhi-Mumbai-Delhi ticket would go up by 16-20%. \"A Delhi-Mumbai return trip is likely to go up by Rs 1,600-2,000. We expect Mumbai's tariff to be higher than Delhi,\" said Kapil Kaul, CEO, subcontinent and Middle East, CAPA.He said that air travel will only become expensive from now on.\"We expect the cost environment to be severe in the near term due to continuing high fuel prices, rupee depreciation, increase in service tax and hike in airport fee,\" Kaul said.Tour operators also concurred, saying that travelers will have to shell out at least 20% more in the next four to five months. International travelers would also be paying Rs 2,000-3,500 more for flying in and out of Mumbai once AERA allows Mumbai airport to charge higher UDF.\"Service tax has already pushed the fares up by 15% for both domestic and international destinations. Now, with airport tariff hike, cash-strapped airlines will be forced to charge the passenger more,\" a Fort-based travel agent said.\"Many airlines may even pull out operations from the airports if the costs go too high,\" he said.An MIAL spokesperson said that Mumbai airport's proposal for UDF is under consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12889647", "title": "Anti-encroachment drive in Ramadevi", "text": "KANPUR: The officials of Kanpur municipal corporation (KMC) carried out anti-encroachment drives at various spots in Ramadevi on Thursday.The drive was carried out in Sabzi Mandi, near and beneath the overbridge and the busy Ramadevi crossing. The KMC squad and local police razed several temporary shops that had been erected there and created traffic snarls in the area.The squad removed 28 makeshift structures, five tin-shaded shops, five shanty shops and five extended platforms of shops in the area.\"We asked the shopkeepers to remove the articles kept inside these structures. The municipal commissioner had instructed the street vendors not to encroach the area in future,\" said CP Shukla, who was leading the encroachment drive.The police used mild force to restore order when some of the shopkeepers tried to resistance.The municipal commissioner ordered that the if the place is encroached again, the zone incharge of KMC will be held responsible for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890199", "title": "Two factory workers die of electrocution", "text": "PUNE: Two workers died due to electrocution at an ice cream manufacturing unit at Malwadi in Hadapsar on Wednesday. The incident took place when the two were working near a freezer and came in contact with a live electricity cable connected to it.The Hadapsar police identified the deceased as Vinodsingh Shrisevaram Rajput (22), from Hadapsar, and Ramu Amarsingh Thakur (24), from Moshi. Rajput originally hailed from Rajasthan, while Thakur was from Uttar Pradesh. The owner of the unit, Prabhuram Chunnilal Kadwasara, a resident of Tupenagar in Hadapsar, was arrested by the police for causing death due to negligence.Senior police inspector Pandharinath Mandhare of the Hadapsar police station said Kadwasara has been running the unit from a rented place. \"The unit employs around eight people and has six freezers for storage of ice-cream,\" he added.Rajput and Thakur had been working at the unit for the last few months. \"Around 1.30 pm on Wednesday, they accidentally touched the live wire while working near one of the freezers. They were immediately rushed to a nearby hospital, but were declared dead,\" Mandhare said.Mandhare said investigations revealed that the unit was being run on power connection meant for domestic purpose. \"We have sent a letter to the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited in this regard and expect it to take action in the matter,\" he said.Moreover, Kadwasara had not taken the requisite permission from the Pune Municipal Corporation to run the unit. \"We have written a letter to the PMC in this regard,\" Mandhare said.Mandhare said a case has been registered against the owner of the place from where Kadwasara was running the unit as he had not given information about renting out the place to the police, which is mandatory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12888594", "title": "Calicut University syndicate members flay 'autocratic ways' of V-C", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Three syndicate members of the Calicut University have called for a thorough probe into the varsity's move to allot land to IUML-related private trusts.Speaking at a press meet here on Thursday, syndicate members R S Panikkar, G C Prashanth Kumar and K Sivaraman, all affiliated to the Congress, said that a judicial or vigilance probe or even a people's enquiry into the issue should be launched to unearth the truth behind the deals.\"Cancelling the illegal move would not end the issue. There should be a proper enquiry to find out if there was any conspiracy of illegal pressure behind the decision,\" Panikkar said.Reacting to the statements made by vice-chancellor M Abdul Salam in the TOI interview on Thursday, he said that the V-C had wrong notions about the university system, the powers vested with the syndicate, and his own authority.\"The V-C arrogates himself as the supreme power and thinks that he can behave like an autocrat. He has a notion that the syndicate is just a body to ratify his decisions, which is a very wrong concept,\" he said.Panikkar said that no study was undertaken to find out the facts and particulars about the three trusts, including their office bearers, their fund sources or if they have any prior experience in running similar projects.He said the V-C had misinterpreted the suggestions made by UGC in the approach document for the 12th plan regarding public private partnerships (PPP).\"How can the V-C along with his coterie decide on the modalities of implementing PPP initiatives on campus without framing a proper policy for it,\" he said.The three syndicate members said that the fact the Badminton Development Trust, which was given land for setting up a sports project was not an authorized organization but a private trust of 4-5 members, was brought to the notice of the syndicate when their request for land was being considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892959", "title": "Why this Kolaveri di rakes in 6.7 crores profit", "text": "When Why this Kolaveri di song was released, Aishwarya and Dhanush made no big investment as it was merely the recording session that we got to see in the video. But this song turned out to become such a huge it and has raked in a profit of 6.7 crores to Sony Music.Incidentally, Why this Kolaveri di, which featured in the film 3, also had a record number of remixes due to its immense popularity. Trade pundits relate this popularity to the heavy campaign that Sony Music had done along with Aishwarya and Dhanush promoting it through the social networks.3 was directed by Aishwarya Dhanush and starred Dhanush and Shruti Haasan as the lead pair.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887381", "title": "50% NMC staff absent during mayor's surprise check", "text": "NAGPUR: This was known to citizens for years, but now it is official. Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) staffers are rarely at the workplace during working hours.Mayor Anil Sole conducted a surprise visit on Monday at 10.30am to check punctuality and attendance of the civic staffers. He visited 14 department and found the average attendance figures of staffers was only 50.18%. The best attendance was at the committee department - which prepares the agenda for NMC meetings. Eighteen out of the nineteen staffers were present.On the other hand, the absentee figure for accounts and finance department was the highest at 77.77%. Only eight out of 36 staffers were present when Sole visited the section. The public relations department was second worst, with only two out of seven staffers on duty. The other departments with high absenteeism were general administration (60%) and health (65%).Talking to mediapersons Sole said he had passed on the figures to municipal commissioner Sanjiv Jaiswal. The commissioner had agreed that it was an alarming situation and assured to look into it.\"I have not issued show cause notices to the absent staffers because the numbers are so high. Had the absentees been 5 or 10% we would have considered some action. I have therefore appealed to them not to neglect their duties,\" he said.The mayor said that finally it is the employees who have to change their attitude. \"Technology does not work. In many offices biometric sensors have been damaged by the employees. They have to change their mentality,\" he said.A senior NMC officer admitted that while the civic staffers were supposed to work eight hours a day, but they did not remain present in their workplaces for more than five hours. Coming late is also very common. \"The numbers are so high that officers do not dare take action against them. Besides, many officers also come late. Only senior officers come on time because they are summoned by the municipal commissioner frequently. Secondly, many officers are in field for hours and hence they cannot be expected to remain present in office for eight hours,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889871", "title": "I-T raid: City businessman admits to Rs 70 crore unaccounted money", "text": "JAIPUR: A prominent businessman of the city with interests in hotel, realty, jewelleries and precious stones has disclosed unaccounted income of Rs 70 crore to the income tax (I-T) department, which on Wednesday conducted its biggest-ever search and seizure operation in the state.S M Nigam, director general of Income Tax (investigation), Rajasthan, Jaipur , said, \"On the basis of incriminating documents found and seized from the residence of the key accountant of the business group, the assessee admitted undisclosed income of Rs 40 crore from unrecorded receipts and transactions in group companies. Further, the assessee admitted capital gains of Rs 30 crore in a group entity. Thus, an overall additional income of Rs 70 crore was admitted by the assessee.\"He added, \"The seizure includes vital incriminating documents indicating unaccounted money and cash seizure of Rs 12 lakh from the residence and head office.\"The search was conducted at the residence and office premises of the businessman, his associates and employees. The operation covered 21 premises at Jaipur, Chomu, Dausa and New Delhi.A total of 13 warrants were executed. Besides surveys under section 133A, the operation involved more than 100 personnel of income tax department and police force.The group owns four hotels in and around Jaipur, including a 5-Star hotel and a heritage hotel, which were under the scanner of the operation. Besides, this group has launched residential and commercial complexes at Jaipur, Dausa, Bharatpur, Vrindavan and other cities.The group's business interests span over verticals like manufacturing and export of gold and silver jewellery and precious and semi-precious stone-studded ornaments, mainly to USA and Hong Kong.This manufacturing unit is located at special economic zone in Jaipur. An interesting issue that came up during investigations was that a number of companies had been floated by the group with key employees being as directors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887528", "title": "Biometric attendance at motor driving schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: It will not be easy anymore to obtain a certificate from any motor driving training school by skipping actual training. Considering the high prevalence of people faking the records of mandatory 21 hours' training, the transport department of Delhi government is developing a software to link all motor driving institutes.According to the plan envisaged, a person has to go for biometric attendance during training, which can be checked by officials of transport department and those issuing driving licences. \"We will have this software in place in the next one month. Then we will ask all driving training institutes to follow the new norm,\" said Ranjit Kumar Singh, deputy transport commissioner at a conference on training of drivers of heavy vehicles held at the College of Traffic Management (CTM) in Faridabad.City's motor licencing officer Anil Chhikara added that at present, driving training institutes keep attendance registers of trainees and it's easy to alter records. \"You will find people bringing certificates from these institutes without even undergoing practical training. Once we have the biometric system, officials can check attendance,\" Chhikara said.Annually, at least six lakh licences are issued or reissued in Delhi and there are only 70 motor driving training schools. Singh said they are also considering to rate these institutes in the near future. \"Maharashtra has done this rating and Orissa government plans to make it mandatory for every applicant to undergo training from a recognized training school. The best practices are being adopted by more states, which is a good sign,\" said joint secretary (transport) Nitin Gokarn.Delhi is also the first state which has made it mandatory for all driving licence holders of heavy vehicles to undergo refresher training when they go for renewal. Every year at least 60,000 such licences are issued or renewed in the capital. \"All other states must replicate this and the Central government must ask them to follow suit. To make our roads safe, we are also recommending to the Centre to have a zero tolerance policy towards alcohol consumption by bus drivers,\" said road safety expert and CTM director Rohit Baluja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12879223", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha's sibling rivalry in Bollywood", "text": "First it was Parineeti Chopra who jumped in to give competition to cousin sis Priyanka Chopra, now actor Sonakshi Sinha has also got competition from elder cousin sister Bhavna Ruparel.Bhavna is going to be making her lead debut in a film titled \"Chalo Pichchur Banate Hai\". Directed by Pritish Chakraborty, Bhavna is paired opposite Rahil Tandon in the film, which Bhavna says is, 'a film within a film'.Talking about how she bagged the role Bhavna says, \"It was through Facebook that I got this offer. I went for auditioning and got selected. This was the first ever offer for a full-fledged acting debut that I received. I liked the script and my role and hence I gave my nod.\"Although Bhavna is not completely new to the industry, she has earlier done cameo roles in a few films and also done a few ads. \"Earlier I have acted in few movies like 'Na Tum Jano Na Hum' where I played Esha Deol's sister and then in 'Joggers Park' as the niece. I did a music video of 'Pehla nasha',\" Bhavna added.The shooting of \"Chalo Pichchur Banate Hai\" was mostly done in Goa and is expected to release in end of June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887794", "title": "Illegal slaughter houses swarm city as NMC unable to issue licences", "text": "NASHIK: Efforts by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to legalise slaughter houses in the city that have come up in the past four years are yet to materialise as the state government is yet to take a decision over it.The health department had put forth a proposal to the state government in 2008 for the enforcement of bylaws legalising the slaughter and sale of meatfowl and seafood fish.Since four yearsThe department has been following it up with the government for the last four years but there has been no concrete steps have been taken by the state over the issue. taken by the state government in this direction.The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has three legal slaughter houses; at Bhadrakali, one opposite the railway station at Nashik Road, and one behind the vegetable market in Satpur. But since 2004 onwards the state cancelled the provision allowing the NMC to grant slaughter house licenses. The city is now swarming with places meat is sold in the open or slaughtered illegally within shops.The health department informed that licenses would be issued for shop owners selling meat, for the shop itself and for those selling frozen meat, chicken, etc.\"Some people slaughter animals in their shops. Most of them take the meat from the three authorised slaughter houses. This is not good for health and environment and to keep a check on illegal sale and slaughter of meat, we had applied to the state government in 2008 for rules and regulations governing the licensing of meat shops in Nashik under the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation Act 1949,\" informed Dr SG Hiray, health officer of the NMC.Dr Hiray said that despite constant follow-ups with the government, no positive step has been taken in this direction in the past four years. \"The proposal has been approved in Thane and Mumbai and once we get the final approval, we will have control over the illegal slaughtering and sale of meat, fowl and fish.As of now, the municipal corporation does not have the power to take action against illegal meat selling shopsOnly the anti-encroachment department can take action against them,\" Hiray added .\"During the festival ofBakri-Id, around 25 roadside stalls selling meat are erected. for selling meat but they give us an application asking for permission to sell meat for three days. Our veterinary doctor, divisional sanitary inspector and divisional officer visit the stall locations. Persmission granted upon their go-ahead for the three- day period only.it right, we give the permission for those three days.The meat sellers also give application in police stations,\" Dr Hiray said. When asked about shops butchering and selling meat and the like, Dr Hiray said that the shop owners procure license for the shop and use it for this purpose but unless the proposal is accepted the NMC cannot do anything.NMC's veterinary officerof Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), Pramod Sonawane, said that he had been to the mantralaya on March 5 for a meeting which did but the meeting did not materialise. \"There are many difficulties in making this happen.Senior food inspectors also keep pursuing the issue constantly.From a health point of view it is important that meat sellers have take licenses. The present way of selling meat in the city is breeding mosquitoes, and leads to gives unpleasant odour, dogs keeplingering near meat shops, the foul odour is another menace, and none of these are pleasant civic issues for a city to deal with, and these are not a pleasant sight for the passers-by. On this backdrop, it is necessary for meat sellers to have the private market licence under section 376/77 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation Act, which says that that no person can sell or expose for sale any animal or article without a license from the commissioner. Also, private market license under section 378 for slaughter houses would be essential, \" said Sonawane.He further said that if the plan for licenses is this is approved by the state government then the action against offenders would include confiscation of material, closure of their shop, a criminal offence would also be registered against them. Sonawane said that the mantralaya had communicated only in October 2010 that they would conduct meetings with the NMC but it did not happen.\"It is only we who have been constantly pursuing the issue every few months and will continue to do so,\" said Sonawane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889020", "title": "Patna varsity finalizes admission schedule", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) has finalized the admission schedule for all its self-financing (vocational) courses for the next academic session (2012-13). The detailed admission schedule would be uploaded on the university's website on May 6.It has been decided that the sale of application forms for admission to these courses would start on May 9 and continue up to June 18. The filled in application forms can be submitted by June 20. The dates of entrance test and interview would be fixed after June 20. It would be ensured that the entrance tests of similar courses offered by different institutions do not coincide, said PU self-financing courses chief coordinator U K Sinha.The directors and coordinators of all the self-financing and vocational courses, offered by Patna University (PU) and its constituent colleges, have been directed to complete the process of admission of students for the next academic session by July 14 so that classes may start from July 16.The course directors and coordinators have been allowed to get the question papers of entrance test set on their own, but they would have to take prior approval of the VC for the appointment of question setters, evaluators and interviewers. The fee structure of different courses will remain unchanged for the time being, but it may be revised after the approval of the chancellor, said Sinha.PU currently offers at least 65 self-financing courses at undergraduate and postgraduate (PG) levels. At postgraduate level, PU runs MSc in environmental science and management (zoology department), MSc biotechnology (botany department), MSc biochemistry, Master in social work (sociology department), MA in rural studies and PG diploma in industrial safety management (personnel management and industrial relation (PMIR) department), MCA, PG diploma in computer applications and PG diploma in actuarial science (statistics department), PG diploma in women's studies (history department), PG diploma in clinical psychology (Institute of Psychological Research and Service), PG diploma in Hindi journalism and mass communications (Hindi department), PG diploma in Urdu journalism and mass communications (Urdu department) and PG diploma in HRD (psychology department).Besides, several vocational courses are being run by different colleges of PU. Patna Women's College has been running such courses as communicative English, advertising and sales management, industrial microbiology, computer applications, mass communications and business management. These courses are of three-year duration.Patna Science College runs courses like Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA), BSc in biotechnology and environmental science. Patna College has started courses in functional English, mass communications, business administration and computer applications at the graduation level, whereas B N College runs three-year degree courses in computer applications, geohydrology, functional English, business administration and certificate course in nutrition and dietetics. Magadh Mahila College runs job-oriented courses like social work, computer applications, and commerce and business administration at the graduation level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12888456", "title": "Corporation launches trial project to depollute Market Canal", "text": "KOCHI: If the Corporation succeeds in the trial it is undertaking to depollute the Ernakulam Market Canal, citizens can rest assured that the city will soon have cleaner water bodies. As part of a comprehensive cleaning up plan, the local body is testing the efficiency of enzyme technology to detoxify the canal.Launching the 22-day trial on Thursday, mayor Tony Chammany said, \"We have brought in experts from United Kingdom who will try and detoxify a selected portion of the canal. The enzyme technology is expected to facilitate decomposition of organic waste in the water. If this succeeds, we will announce a comprehensive cleaning plan that would include fencing of canals, construction of side walls, and prohibiting dumping of garbage on canal banks. Steps will also be taken to remove plastic and other inorganic substances in the water.\"The trial project is being carried out by UK-based Caringfornature.com, and is sponsored by the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII).A 15 x 5meter wooden box-shaped instrument is placed to separate the portion of the canal which is to be cleared. Oxygen is then pumped into the bottom of this portion to facilitate aeration. Oxygen is crucial for the aerobic bacteria that help decompose organic matter. Following this, enzyme solvent will be added to the water.This process will lead to the emission of a pungent smell which will remain in the area for at least two days. \"The odour will eventually wear away. The trial will go on for 22 days and at the end, there will be crystal clear water in the experiment zone,\" said Steve John.France Warren, another expert, is also here working on the project. Caringfornature.com started a garbage treatment project in the city on Wednesday.Nawaz Meeran, CII-Kerala's past chairman, said that depending on the success of the trial, CII would continue to associate with the project. \"Such projects require huge investment, and the business community will support the efforts of the local body if it can sustain the momentum and take the work forward to the next level.\"According to experts, the success of the project will largely depend on the cooperation of the public. Without the support of residents associations, local merchants and traders, the efforts to the clean water bodies will not succeed.Corporation secretary Ajit Patel, in the meanwhile, said the civic-body would initiate discussions to create awareness among the public on the need for participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12889664", "title": "Mercury to rise further", "text": "KANPUR: The mercury once again crossed the 39 degrees Celsius mark as heatwave made life difficult for the denizens on Thursday. The maximum temperature was recorded as 39.1 degrees Celsius, while the minimum temperature was 19.3 degrees Celsius. The humidity was recorded as 53 per cent in the morning which reduced to just 22 per cent in the afternoon.As per weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University , there will be no change in the prevailing weather conditions in the days to come. \"There would rather be an increase in the maximum temperature by a degree or two in the days to come,\" said Anirudh Dubey, weather scientist at CSA.Meanwhile, the heatwave forced people to stay indoors during the daytime. But, the erratic power supply only added to their woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "12887452", "title": "Maoists kill 2 former aides; cops deny beheading and kidnapping rumours", "text": "GADCHIROLI: Continuing their violent ways in Gadchiroli, the Naxals, on Thursday, killed two of their former sympathizers for reasons yet to be ascertained. District SP S Vireesh Prabhu quashed rumours that were doing the rounds earlier in the day that the bodies were found headless.Prabhu was also emphatic that no villagers from Markegaon have been abducted. But TOI learns there are indications that the Naxals have rounded up at least a dozen people. On February 1, 2009, Markegaon village witnessed one of the deadliest bloodshed by Naxals when they mercilessly killed 15 police personnel from Gyarapatti police outpost.On Thursday, the bodies of Devrao Usendi (37) and Ramsai Narote (45), both active former Naxal cadres until they surrendered in 2006, were found on the Markegaon-Sawargaon road in Dhanora tehsil, close to the Chhattisgarh-Maharashtra border, around 95-km away from Gadchiroli district headquarters. There are no reports of Usendi and Narote having any political links.Police said Usendi and Narote had several injury marks on their bodies. \"It appeared that they had been repeatedly thrashed with hard and blunt objects,\" said a cop. \"They had head injuries too, which is likely to have caused their deaths.\"Usendi was the former head of the Markegaon area sangam. Narote too was one of the members of the Naxal jan militia in Markegaon before he too gave up arms. Police said the Naxals used to previously leave behind pamphlets explaining their actions but have not been doing so for the last few incidents.Sources in the district said Usendi and Narote were whisked away from their hamlet in Markegaon on Wednesday night. Their family members and some villagers tried to dissuade the Naxals and followed the rebels for a while. But they were sent back.The kidnapping rumours started around this time. It was further fuelled by stories by a few traders from Dhanora who were heading to Gyarapatti village for a fair. They returned midway bringing back tales of Naxal brutality.Prabhu said that after contacting villagers from Markegaon villagers the cops were able to confirm that the villagers who went pleading behind the Naxals are safe. \"As of now we are sure no one has been kidnapped,\" he said. \"Markegaon village has a sizeable number of Naxal sympathizers. There is no reason why they would antagonize their supporters.\"According to rumours doing the rounds during the day, Naxals had abducted the villagers for having objected to the killings of Usendi and Narote. The Naxals, who were perturbed over the opposition from villagers, whisked them away to the jungle on the pretext of holding talks with them.The Naxalites have been wreaking havoc in Gadchiroli this month. They have so far assassinated six civilians including two from Markegaon. The other four civilians had affiliation with political parties. On April 24, the Naxals killed deputy sarpanch of Wangeturi gram panchayat Rainu Juru Kowse (40); on April 13 ex-zilla parishad member Kewal Atkamwar was assassinated in Etapalli; Pawankumar Bhalavi, former Naxalite and husband of ex-Panchayat Samiti chairperson in Arewada village was killed on April 20 and on April 22, the Maoists killed Gardewada gram panchayat sarpanch Chamru Joi.The Naxalites have reportedly issued a warning to rural office-bearers in local bodies to resign. The deadline expired on Thursday, but there are no reports about any office-bearer in local bodies resigning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12888185", "title": "HC seeks status report on scribe assault", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court has ordered the inspector-in-charge of Burdwan police station to file a status report on the violence at Burdwan Medical College and Hospital on March 28. The report will have to be filed within seven days, Justice Dipankar Datta directed. Several journalists were injured in the violence and had moved a petition before the court, claiming that they were beaten up by junior doctors of the hospital.According to the petition filed through advocate Subrata Mukhopadhyay, trouble broke out at the hospital after relatives of a patient alleged medical negligence. An argument broke out between them and the junior doctors of the hospital.The media received the information and reached the hospital to cover the incident. The junior doctors turned their ire on the journalists, threw some of them to the ground and beat them up. Some journalists were not even allowed to take photographs. The journalists submitted video footages, photographs and newspaper clippings before the court to substantiate their claims.It was also submitted by the journalists that they had lodged an FIR against 30 people in the Burdwan police station but no action was taken.Justice Datta expressed his shock at such violent behaviour by doctors who are supposed to treat people and asked the state government what the police are doing to bring the accused to book. Counsel for the state submitted that an inquiry is on but no arrests have been made as yet. It was also argued by the state that no arrests can be made till the accusations can be proved. The judge expressed his displeasure at this submission and directed the Burdwan IC to file a status report. The report will have to be filed within a week and must state how far the inquiry has progressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12889358", "title": "Khole-Kitovi team leaves for Delhi", "text": "Dimapur: A six-member delegation of NSCN (Khole-Kitovi), led by C Singson, convener of the outfit's ceasefire supervisory board, left for New Delhi on Thursday afternoon to discuss the extension of ceasefire between the outfit and the Centre as it is going to expire on April 28.The ceasefire between the Centre and the NSCN (Khaplang), before the outfit split, was signed on April 28, 2001.However, after their split in June last year, the NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) faction claimed that they had a ceasefire with the Centre and not the breakaway faction led by S S Khaplang.C Singson told TOI that they will meet the representatives of the Centre in respect to the extension of ceasefire, which expires on April 28 next and will also hold discussions on negotiations on behalf of NSCN (Khole-Kitovi).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887207", "title": "Thief who stole cars on order caught by city police", "text": "NAGPUR: A couple of minutes is all he needs to ensure that your vehicle in no longer yours. Within days, the vehicle is on its way to be delivered to a person who placed an order for exactly such a vehicle, of the same colour and model. In the meanwhile, the thief would leave the stolen vehicle in parking slots at government offices or hospitals to avoid suspicion, until bogus documents were prepared. The only limitation for this thief was that he could only steal vehicles that did not have automatic locking and ignition systems.Working only on specific order, Ashfaque Shaikh would target four-wheelers in the city and deliver them in Madhya Pradesh. Shaikh, a school drop out, was supporting a fashionable lifestyle and many girl friends on this income. But his run came to an end on April 23, when Ashfaque and his accomplice Kapil Jijariya were arrested by Lakadganj police squad led by police inspector Pravin More.The Lakadganj police squad comprising sub-inspector PP Bhalerao, head constable Tara Singh Jadhav, Rajesh Deshmukh and others had recovered a stolen four-wheeler from Multai in Madhya Pradesh.\"Shaikh would steal vehicles, while Kapil would prepare duplicate documents of the four-wheeler on his computer, which has been seized too. These youngsters would steal vehicles and prepare documents for a few thousand rupees,\" said More.\"The forged registration number plates and bogus documents would give a new identity to the stolen vehicle, which would be handed over to those placing the order. The stolen vehicle would then be driven by its new owner in a different state,\" said the inspector whose squad busted the interstate gang.It is learnt that Shaikh has offences registered at Sagar cantonment, Chhindwara and Jabalpur police stations, besides Nagpur.Police said Shaikh, earlier arrested by Ganeshpeth police station in 2009, is an expert vehicle thief who works for a Madhya Pradesh-based racket. Headed by mastermind Shailesh Thakre, this racket delivers stolen vehicles to interested customers at cheap rates on order.More said that the gang was busted after an investigation started into thefts of a couple of four-wheelers from Lakdapul locality near Hanuman Temple. \"This MP-based gang had spread in various districts of Maharashtra and adjoining states,\" he said. Shaikh was the point person for the racket in Nagpur.The city police had been plagued by the spate of vehicles theft, particularly four-wheelers, in recent times. Now, the police believe most of these vehicles have been sent to MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888716", "title": "Auto drivers molest woman in Chennai, held", "text": "CHENNAI: Two autorickshaw drivers who allegedly molested a woman and made away with her gold chain were arrested near Avadi on Thursday.Police said Arul, 22, from Rajeshwari Nagar in Thiruninravur and Vinoth, 23, from Kandapalayam were arrested based on a complaint lodged by a 34-year-old woman from Poompozhil Nagar in Avadi.Police said the woman received a call on Saturday, stating that her husband Palani was injured in a mishap and was admitted to the Avadi Government Hospital. When she came out of her house, she noticed two men waiting in a car in front of the gate. They told her that they were her husband's friends and that he had been taken to a private hospital in Manapakkam.As she got inside the car, the duo tried to molest her and took away her 4.5-sovereign gold chain. They pushed her out of the car near Thiruninravur checkpost and sped away.\"We have conducted a thorough investigation and based on the clues given by the women, we nabbed the two from Thiruninravur. They turned out to be autorickshaw drivers,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12889229", "title": "Sidhi registers maximum temperature in state", "text": "BHOPAL: Clouds over eastern and western parts of Madhya Pradesh may result in thundershowers at a few isolated places, including Bhopal division on Friday, weatherman said on Thursday.According to the meteorological office, a lower level cyclonic circulation over west MP has led to the formation of cloudy conditions.In next 24 hours, there is a possibility of drizzle in Bhopal and Indore divisions, the met office said.Thundershowers are expected at a few places, including Jabalpur, Shahdol and Gwalior divisions, the meteorological office said.At 41 degrees Celsius, Sidhi registered maximum temperature in the state on Thursday.The maximum and minimum temperatures in four main cities--Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 40.0 degrees C and 22.5 degrees C on Thursday.Bhopal recorded a maximum of 39.7 degrees C against a minimum of 23.6 degrees C. The maximum temperature in Indore was 38.2 C and the minimum temperature of 22.8 degrees C.In Gwalior, the maximum temperature of 40.0 degrees C and a minimum temperature of 22.5 degrees C were recorded. The maximum temperature of 39.8 (00) degrees C and minimum temperature of 23.5 C were registered in Jabalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887141", "title": "Fresh probe sought against ex-CMs", "text": "MUMBAI: A public interest litigant, whose petition resulted in the Bombay high court directing the Enforcement Directorate (ED) to probe the aspect of benami transactions and source of funds in the Adarsh scam, filed a fresh affidavit on Thursday, citing extracts of the report of Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) and the directorate-general of income tax to seek probe against former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde and former principal secretary (revenue) D K Sankaran under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act and Prevention of Corruption Act.Thane resident Pravin Wategaonkar said the CAG report brings out the various acts of commission and omission on part of various public servants involved. For instance, the report said: \"Most decisions that were taken resulted in undue favour to the society. Many of the officials who were involved in such decisions were direct beneficiaries. Either they or their relations already were or later became members of the society...\"Wategaonkar said Deshmukh was clearly mentioned in the CAG report for having allowed additional FSI of adjoining BEST land to Adarsh society during his reign. Asking a public utility to pay market rate for the land, as the government had done to BEST essentially, was to compel it to agree to transfer FSI in favour of a private society. The petitioner said Deshmukh appears to have recommended three names as Adarsh members. Of the three, two were allegedly by Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, the affidavit said.The CAG report also says that in January 2003, the state forest department issued Adarsh society the \"letter of intent\". Shinde was the CM then, and in August 2004, he approved 51 additional names for Adarsh membership, on the day the code of conduct came into force. News articles alleged that Shinde had recommended the name of one of Adarsh members. Watagaonkar also sought a probe against C S Sangeetrao, who was a former city collector, I A Kundan, Mumbai collector between 2007 and 2010, and Krishnajirao Rakhmajirao Desai alias Babasaheb Kupekar, former speaker of legislative assembly who is an Adarsh member even though he allegedly owned a flat at a cooperative society in Powai. He also sought a probe into the source of funding of the son of senior IAS officers D K Sankaran and Joyce Sankaran, who the IT department first said had paid Rs 59 lakh through cheques and Rs 11 lakh was \"not yet known\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12888901", "title": "Steps for steel city to clear traffic snarl", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Talks about the need for adequate deployment of traffic police in the city has once again gained momentum, following a recent accident in which two persons were killed in Dhatkidih on Tuesday.The city, which is witnessing abnormal rise in road accidents with the increasing volume of traffic annually, has just over 40 traffic constables to regulate the chaotic vehicular movement on the busy streets. \"We are working on multiple steps, including enhancing the traffic workforce,\" said city police superintendent Ajay Linda.He also said police are effectively working on the engineering aspect of the traffic control system.\"A comprehensive traffic regulation plan is in the offing. Soon the speed guns (designed for checking vehicles speed) will be installed at accident-prone junctions. Besides, an effective penal system will be in place to bring the offenders to book,\" said deputy police superintendent (traffic) G N Singh, announcing the mechanized traffic plan in the wake of limited traffic policemen strength.The district transport office figures suggest that the city currently absorbs around 40,000 vehicles, including 25,000 two-wheelers, annually on the streets. And the district traffic police records say 147 people died in 315 road accidents last year. \"Alarmingly, 26 people have died in road accidents in the first four months of 2012,\" said a traffic police officer. He said they confront difficulties in managing heavy rush of the traffic. \"Out of the 42 traffic personnel, 15 are women and we are supposed to regulate the lakhs of vehicles without adequate technical support,\" said the officer.Although the traffic department has put up hoardings at several thoroughfares across the city as part of its bid to spread traffic rule awareness among people, particularly teenagers, there has not been much effect of the exercise. \"Apparently, the teenagers don't seem very keen to adhere to the merits of safe driving as this is what the number of accidents in the first four months of the year suggest,\" said a member of the District Traffic Advisory Committee.Linda said a special cell would be constituted in the traffic department to keep eye on the motorbike stunt groups. The decision was taken following a meeting of the traffic department officers on Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887501", "title": "April not cruel, rains a blessing", "text": "NEW DELHI: By April-end, temperature in the city usually touches 40 degrees. However, on Thursday the weather was anything but unpleasant.The day was marked by strong winds, dust storms and light rain in some areas. The sun was hardly seen as the sky remained cloudy for most part of the day.Thursday's maximum temperature was four degrees below normal at 34.6 degrees Celsius while the minimum was two degrees below normal at 22.6 degrees Celsius. The Safdarjung Observatory recorded trace rainfall with Aya Nagar in south Delhi recording the highest at 3.4mm.\"The rainfall was due to a western disturbance that is over north Pakistan and adjoining areas at present. It will continue to impact these regions for another two to three days. Many areas in Jammu &amp; Kashmir and some places in Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand will receive rainfall and thundershowers for the next couple of days. A couple of places in Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, Rajasthan and west Uttar Pradesh will receive dust storms and thundersqualls,\" said a Met official.A senior scientist explained that April's temperature this year had been regulated largely by a string of western disturbances that had not moved northwards after winter. \"These systems are more southwards during the winter season when they affect the western Himalayan region and northwest India. By now they should have moved northwards. This year, however, their frequency over the western Himalayas is still quite high. We are not unduly worried about anything so far and such anomalies can happen every once in a few years,\" he said.In the week ending April 25, the city had recorded 4.6mm rainfall against a normal of 1.1mm. Two weeks before that, in the week ending April 11, the city had recorded 4mm rainfall against a normal of 1.9mm. \"Even on days it has not rained, a cloudy sky has ensured that the temperature has only managed to touch 38 degrees and not rise further,\" said a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "12889225", "title": "2 dead in freak mishap involving cars, tractor near Pudukkottai", "text": "PUDUKKOTTAI: Two persons were killed and two more seriously injured in two incidents that took place at the same spot late on Wednesday night in Karambakudi in Pudukottai district.M Senthilkumar (26), a mechanic and his relative C Sathiyaraj (25) of Pallavarayanpathai were travelling by their car, when the vehicle collided with a tractor coming in the opposite direction. In the impact, the duo suffered severe injuries.Even as a policeman and villagers rushed to the spot and waiting for an ambulance to shift the injured victims to the hospital, a speeding car rammed through the crowd and ran over the already injured victims. The car also hit the policeman C Ramamoorthy of Karambakudi and a catering master in Chennai, K Murugesan (24), who has helping in the rescue operations.Unfortunately, Senthilkumar, who had already sustained severe injuries died after being hit by the car. Ramamoorthy and Sathiyaraj were later admitted to a private hospital in Pudukkottai. Murugesan, whose condition was critical, was admitted to the Thanjavur medical college hospital where he succumbed to his injuries.It was learned that Senthilkumar is survived by his son and wife, who is now pregnant. The driver of the speeding car, M Mathiyazhagan from Pudhupatti, fled the scene. A case had been registered and the police are on the lookout for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889035", "title": "State cabinet approves two agriculturei market hubs", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Thursday gave its nod to the government's plan to create two integrated value chain (IVC) or agriculture market hubs (AMHs) - one each in Muzaffarpur and Nalanda districts - at an investment of Rs 374.75 crore in Private Public Partnership (PPP) mode under the Agri Business Infrastructure Development Investment Programme of the central government.The two AMHs would cater to the agricultural activities in 11 districts. The AMH in Nalanda district would be the core centre for six districts of Nalanda, Patna, Gaya, Bhojpur, Buxar and Rohtas while the AMH in Muzaffarpur district would serve five districts - Muzaffarpur, Vaishali, Darbhanga, Samastipur and Begusarai, said cabinet secretariat department principal secretary Ravi Kant.According to him, the two IVCs or AMHs have nothing to do with food processing, which is entirely another sector. \"The AMH is aimed at creating a platform or infrastructure facility for marketing of agri produce (fruits, vegetables, etc.) and would consist of facilities like cold chain, warehouse, among others,\" Ravi Kant said.The investors would identify their own land for the purpose. Of the Rs 374.75 crore to be invested in the project, the investor's share is Rs 201.53 crore and the state government's share is Rs 173.22 crore. The government, on its part, would raise 80% of its share or Rs 138.58 crore through loan from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) while the remaining share of Rs 34.64 crore would be raised from its own resources. The cabinet, accordingly, authorized the government to enter into an agreement with the ADB.In another significant development, the cabinet approved an amendment in the government's resolution regarding payment of ex gratia to the dependents of people killed in Maoist attacks. The earlier resolution was adopted on December 20, 2010.As per the amendment, even if a criminal is killed during any Maoist attack, his dependent would get an ex gratia amount provided the deceased has not been listed as a criminal in the government's records. Earlier, dependents of criminals were not deemed as suitable for receiving ex gratia. The ex gratia payment is Rs 1 lakh against death, Rs 50,000 for being reduced to being permanently handicapped and Rs 20,000 against any serious injury.The cabinet also gave its nod to the launch of e-district project on a pilot basis in four districts - Nalanda, Aurangabad, Madhubani and Gaya - under the national e-governance programme. In the e-districts, applications for the issuance of select certificates would be filed at the block-level Vasudha Kendra while the certificates would also be issued through online facility at the same Vasudha Kendra.The cabinet also gave its administrative sanction to the use of Rs 167.03 crore for the strengthening and raising of the embankment of the Adhwara and Kharoi group of rivers. The cabinet also gave its nod to the creation of additional 13 posts of plan assistants, 11 posts of data operators and 26 lower division typists for district planning offices under the planning and development department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12890383", "title": "McDonald\u2019s food joint goofs up on vegetarian order, slapped fine", "text": "BANGALORE: A global restaurant chain's outlet on New BEL Road, near MS Ramaiah College, has been slapped a fine of Rs 15,000 and shut down for a day and a half after it allegedly served non-vegetarian food to a family that had ordered vegetarian fare.Vikram, 45, businessman and resident of New BEL Road, and three of his family had gone to the McDonald's food joint on Tuesday. The family, strictly vegetarian in food habits, ordered for four veg burgers, paid Rs 246 towards the bill and were served the food. But after eating the burgers, the family suspected that something was amiss and that they might have been supplied with non-vegetarian burgers.Vikram went to the supplier at the counter, who admitted that he had by mistake served the family chicken burgers. The businessman insisted that he be allowed to record his complaint in a complaint register. The staff failed to produce a complaint register. He immediately called up the BBMP control room and was asked to give a written compliant to the zonal medical officer.Dr Devaki Umesh, medical officer, BBMP west zone, said Vikram compla-ined to her about the incident. \"We are a vegetarian family and had performed Lakshmi Pooja on the occasion of Akshaya Tritiya on Tuesday. But due to no fault of ours we were cheated into eating chicken burgers. This has hurt our religious sentiments,\" she quoted Vikram as telling her.BMP personnel swooped on the restaurant on Wednesday. \"We found out that there were problems with the serving of veg and non-veg food from the same area. We have asked the restaurant to have separate kitchens for veg and non-veg food and also supply them in trays of different colours. A fine of Rs 15,000 was levied on the restaurant. We have locked the restaurant and the keys are with us. We will inspect the restaurant again on Friday for compliance,\" she said.The restaurant remained closed on Thursday too. When contacted, a restaurant employee only admitted that the BBMP had inspected their premises. \"We closed down because of technical issues,\" the employee, who did not want to beidentified, said.A McDonald spokesperson said she had no details of the incident but claimed that the outlet was operational on Thursday.Restaurants to be checkedBBMP will now inspect premier restaurants in the city. \"We will pay surprise visits to the restaurants and see if everything is in order,\" said Dr Devaki Umesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12891194", "title": "Indian driver gets death for killing compatriot in Dubai", "text": "DUBAI: A 35-year-old Indian driver was sentenced to death here for brutally murdering his former boss, also an Indian, by bludgeoning him with a hammer and stabbing him 30 times following a dispute over salary.The Dubai Court of First Instance on Wednesday sentenced the driver, identified only as N K, to death. The verdict remains subject to appeal within 15 days.The victim allegedly owed the accused 45,000 dirhams in salary. The murder took place in July last year, local media reports said.\"The court has unanimously agreed that the defendant will be executed. The knife and hammer [used in the crime] will also be confiscated,\" Presiding Judge Maher Salama Al Mahdi said.Court records said the defendant battered the victim's head with a mid-sized hammer before stabbing him 30 times on different parts of the body.A forensic doctor said the victim, identified as S R, suffered fatal stab wounds in the neck and another in the heart.The defendant fled, but was eventually arrested three days later.Prosecutors said N K went to S R's flat to purposely kill him. After making sure that the victim was alone, the defendant hit SR in the head with a hammer. As N K fell on the floor, the defendant pinned him down and hit him again before repeatedly stabbing him with a knife.N K pleaded not guilty to the charge and claimed that he acted in self-defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887036", "title": "Anna wants action plan for Lokayukta", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as social activist Anna Hazare announced plans to kick-start a month-long drive across the state to garner support for strengthening the Lokayukta, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who held a one-to-one meeting with Hazare on Thursday, suggested that the Centre could formulate a model Lokayukta bill for all states.Hazare met Chavan at the latter's official residence, where he stressed on the need for granting more powers to the state Lokayukta. Chavan told mediapersons that the Centre was \"responsive\" to his suggestion for enacting a model law in this regard. Chavan had originally suggested that provisions for a strong Lokayukta be introduced as a part of the Lokpal bill. While the bill is still under discussion in the parliament, Chavan said it appeared that the Lokayukta provisions would not be a part of the Lokpal. He is banking on the Centre's move on a model law.Chavan added that the state had initiated the exercise of comparing various versions of the Lokayukta, including the one adopted by Uttarakhand.During the meeting, Hazare handed Chavan a copy of the Jan Lokayukta Act, which proposes to bring the chief minister, legislators, ministers, lower judiciary and state employees under the Lokayukta's ambit. Hazare said there was widespread corruption in rural areas of the state. Claiming that only 10% funds were spent towards development work, Hazare said it was imperative that his home state set an example by enacting a strong Lokayukta bill. Hazare added that he would launch an agitation if the CM failed to deliver on his promise.Hazare also met NCP's Ajit Pawar, state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar, MNS leader Raj Thackeray and opposition leader in the legislative council Vinod Tawde to build consensus on his Jan Lokayukta draft. Mungantiwar said, \"The BJP will back Hazare. Both BJP and Hazare are on the same page regarding the bill's modalities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887136", "title": "High court notice to MoEF, Maharashtra Pollution Control board", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court has issued notices to state minister of environment, Maharashtra Pollution Control board (MPCB), state transport commissioner, Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF), and Union ministry of road transport and highways, while hearing a plea filed by the Central India Coal Dealers' Association.The petitioner, through his counsel Tushar Mandlekar, challenged the validity of MPCB's directions mandating the \"environmental friendly mechanically typed closed body trucks\" for transportation of the minerals to reduce the environmental pollution in Maharashtra.The bench has directed MPCB not to take coercive action against the coal dealers after latter asked its subordinate offices and all district collectors to take criminal action against the industries and transporters who fail to abide by the mandatory directions to transport the minerals only in mechanically closed typed trucks from April 1 in the state.Earlier, the court had stayed the effect and operation of the MPCB's directions on March 31 and December 23 last year mandating the use of mechanical type closed body trucks for transportation of minerals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887366", "title": "Speed camera ends zip drive for Delhi woman", "text": "NEW DELHI: The next time you step on the gas, remember that police speed interceptor cameras are watching. A 29-year-old woman learnt it the hard way when she was caught for driving on the Dwarka Link Road at a speed of 139 kmph. The speed limit on this road is 50 kmph; but she overstepped the limit by 89 kmph. The Volkswagen Vento with a Haryana number plate was photographed by a mobile speed interceptor camera used by the Delhi traffic police while she was driving at 10.25am on Tuesday.\"She was caught while passing by a farmhouse. She could not give any reason for her rash driving,\" said a senior traffic police officer.The woman has been handed a court challan for dangerous driving and speeding and is facing a possible jail term, said traffic cops, adding that her licence has been impounded. \"We have been campaigning against speeding and dangerous driving. We will request the court to consider awarding a jail term. Dangerous driving is a punishable offence and can earn you a jail term up to six months,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Traffic police had earlier announced their plan to prosecute those found speeding under dangerous driving. On April 2, traffic police started a campaign to book violators using speed interceptor cameras. Till April 25, 16,537 vehicle owners have been prosecuted of which 4,864 were challaned on the spot.\"Of those caught, 1,010 were issued court challans for dangerous driving. They can all be tried in court and might get jail terms,\" said a senior traffic cop.Cops had decided that all vehicles found speeding by 20 kmph or less than the speed limit would be challaned; those driving even faster would be challaned for dangerous driving. \"Recently, several cases of fatal accidents have been a result of reckless driving. This move will hopefully act as deterrence to drivers in Delhi who will learn to obey speed limits set for the city,\" added Garg.Speeding violations are usually booked under section 112/183 of the Motor Vehicles Act, which invites a fine of Rs 400. However, dangerous driving is booked under 112/184 of the MV Act, which invites a court challan and courts can sentence an offender to jail, on a case to case basis.While the highest speed limit in the city for private vehicles is 70 kmph, most stretches have a speed limit of 60 kmph or 50 kmph for private vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12888347", "title": "Projects suffer as Authority still headless", "text": "NOIDA: Despite effecting more than 1,200 transfers of senior IAS and PCS officers since it came to power, the Uttar Pradesh government has failed to fill up two key posts in Noida Authority. The positions of the chairman and CEO of the Authority have been vacant for the past one-and-a-half months. Though the additional CEO of the Authority has pitched in to handle the day-to-day affairs, the inability of the government to appoint the officials is taking a toll on pending projects.Just two days after Akhilesh Yadav took the oath of office, the state government removed former CEO of Noida SK Dwivedi and chairman of Noida Mohinder Singh. The senior-most officer in the Authority at present is ACEO Anil Rajkumar who can take decisions on the routine functioning of the Authority.While no announcement of a timeline for posting officials and Authority officials unaware of the next change of guard, residents are in a state of confusion, not only about their problems but also the several projects that continue to remain in limbo. Projects like the Metro extension, part of the phase-III plan, are awaiting the signature of the Noida chief. \"Until the chairman signs on the dotted line, the proposed project will not take off,\" said a senior official. \"Projects like the widening of the NH-24 and the go-ahead for building underpasses as well as flyovers along the route also remain at a nascent stage,\" he added. Another project that needs the Noida chief's stamp is the alternate bridge that has to be constructed at Kalindi Kunj over the Okhla barrage. The decision on the toll tax for Noida-Greater Noida Expressway is also uncertain.That's not all. The Authority is yet to chart out an annual budgetary plan for Noida. Moreover, policy decisions have come to a halt and decisions with financial implications have been indefinitely delayed. The board meeting which is jointly held with Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway Authorities has also been postponed as there is no clarity over who would head these meetings. \"We are left with little choice but to just review pending routine infrastructure projects. The board meeting would have thrown some light on what projects would have been taken up on priority basis in the near future,\" said another senior Noida official.Residents too have been complaining of neglect regarding day-to-day development and maintenance work. \"Routine civic works in several sectors are pending. Enforcement of the model code of conduct, the poll process, the transfers of bureaucrats and now the vacancies have all resulted in a freeze on works,\" said Suresh Tiwari of Federation of Noida RWAs.Meanwhile, farmers in the region are also getting jittery as their issues are pending in the absence of the top officials. Be it the decision on the identification of the land that is to be given to them under the Abadi land policy or even higher compensation to be paid to them, all are awaiting further instructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12888170", "title": "AIEEE candidates give online test a miss", "text": "KOLKATA: It seems city students are not yet ready to give a tech touch to their exams.Examinees in Kolkata - which is one of the 22 centres in the country selected by CBSE for AIEEE - are giving online tests a miss. The board has arranged 1 lakh slots in the country where the examinees can appear for online tests.However, to the board officials' surprise, 19000 and 5000 candidates will appear for the traditional pen and paper exam in Durgapur and Siliguri respectively - the only two centres in the state where the exams will be conducted offline. With most of these candidates are from Kolkata, the two district administration officials are busy arranging special transport for the April 29 test.With Durgapur hotels having only 3000 rooms, the guardians are facing a tough time arranging proper accommodation for the students. Last year, 7500 students had appeared in Durgapur centre for the exam.Transport minister Madan Mitra, though, has promised to run 50 additional buses to Durgapur from Kolkata between April 28 and April 30. The district administration officials, too, have promised increased frequency of intra-city buses. There are 24 sub-centres at Durgapur.Back in Durgapur, Kolkata's Achintya Sen is a worried parent. A resident of Behala, he has reached Durgapur on Thursday to find a hotel room for his son and his friend. \"I will put up at Barjora with a relative and leave early for the exam centre,'' he said. The reporting time, too, is a cause for concern. Told to reach the centre by 9am - half-an-hour before the exam starts - it makes almost impossible for students to reach the centres from other cities.Meanwhile, CBSE officials in Delhi said they did not choose Kolkata as an offline centre merely due to technical reasons.\"We choose centres offline depending on the response. Kolkata might not have been selected due to the poor response,'' said Vineet Jain, chairman, CBSE. Interestingly, opting for the virtual tests could have offered students more time to prepare for the entrance exam. The online exams are slated to be completed between May 7 and May 26. Tata Consultancy Services will be the IT partner for CBSE for the online project.CBSE had earlier clarified that both the online and offline versions of test will have same difficulty level. While the offline exam will be conducted just once on April 29, the online version will be held multiple times over four days in May. Both easy and difficult set of papers might be a fallout of the multiplicity of question papers, said a student.In a circular, CBSE has clarified, \"multiple sets of questions papers have been prepared for AIEEE-2012. Subject experts who have prepared the papers have certified that the entire syllabi of Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry have been covered by dividing the syllabi of each subject into appropriate number of units and choosing equal number of questions from every unit.\"Last year, approximately 34311 seats for BE/B Tech and 1070 seats for B Arch/B Planning in various institutions like National Institutes of Technology, IIITs, Deemed Universities, Technical Institutions, Delhi Technological University and other government funded institutions were offered through this examination.Is Gen-X not ready for online tests just yet? So it seems. The CBSE which conducts AIEEE had chosen 22 centres in the country - including Kolkata - and opened up 1 lakh slots whereby students appearing for the AIEEE exams this Sunday could appear for online tests. Top officials of the board told TOI they were expecting tech-savvy Kolkata to grab the offer. However, the response has left many baffled especially since the city is the only online test centre in Bengal.There are now 19,000 candidates who will appear from Durgapur in the traditional exam (offline pen and paper exam), while another odd 5000 will appear from Siliguri - the only two centres in West Bengal where the exams will be conducted offline. Interestingly, most of these candidates are from Kolkata itself leading to the two district administrations to arrange for special transport for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12888402", "title": "Emaar scam: Acharya\u2019s bail plea rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge A Pullaiah of the CBI court on Thursday dismissed the bail plea of IAS officer BP Acharya, the accused number one in the Emaar scam.Mere non-availability of sanction to prosecute an officer like Acharya under section 197 of CrPC does not preclude the court from taking cognizance of any chargesheets filed against him, the judge said quoting a Supreme Court order in a similar case.Acharya, it was alleged, was well aware of all the fateful decisions which he took and which caused heavy losses to the state government. He was there on all the boards of special purpose vehicles formed to build villas, golf course etc. and was, hence, in the know of things. Releasing him at this stage may hamper the progress of the probe and hence his bail plea is dismissed, the judge said in his order.In a separate development, special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma heard inconclusively arguments in the bail plea of V Vijay Sai Reddy, an accused in the Jaganmohan Reddy assets case. The hearing will be taken up again on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12893309", "title": "Civic body seeks objections, suggestions on ward delimitation process", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) has appealed to the public to submit their objections and suggestions to the ward delimitation process undertaken by the State Election Commission (SEC) for the upcoming civic polls.The number of wards in the region has gone up from 79 to 95.The ward delimitation has been done as per the 2011 population census which recorded a population of 8,14,655 for Mira Road and Bhayander.MBMC commissioner Vikram Kumar has appealed to the public to submit their objections and suggestions by April 30.The objections and suggestions can be submitted to the various ward offices or MBMC headquarters in Bhayander (west). The objections and suggestions of the public will be heard individually.Ward number 31 is the biggest ward extending from Indralok in Bhayander (east), Golden Nest on the Mira-Bhayander Road to Ghodbunder village on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad National Highway 8.While Mira Road and Bhayander (west) have seen an increase in six wards each, Bhayander (east) has got four new wards.As 50 percent seats are reserved for women, 47 of the 95 corporators will be women.A few sitting corporators like BJP district president and former mayor Narendra Mehta, Congress's Vasudev Munj and Shaikh Noor Mohammed, Shiv Sena's Prashant Palande and NCP Vandana Charke have lost their wards to delimitation and reservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890185", "title": "Woman helps nab 'chain snatcher'", "text": "PUNE: Shraddha Naik, 34, a homemaker from Sahakarnagar, was in for a shock when she went shopping for gold on the auspicious day of Akshay Tritiya on April 24. The person standing next to her at the jewellery shop on Laxmi Road, who was purchasing a diamond ring for his wife, was none other than the one who had attempted to snatch her gold chain about two months ago.Naik immediately informed the police and sent the suspected chain snatcher behind bars. Naik was sure that the same person had attempted to snatch her gold chain near her house in Aranyeshwar in Sahakarnagar on March 5. The Sahakarnagar police are, however, yet to ascertain the involvement of the person.Naik said that on March 5 around 12.15 pm, she had gone to an ATM near her house to withdraw money. On her way back she met her neighbour and was talking to her, when the suspect on a motorcycle came near them and asked the address of one 'Moghe'. \"We directed the person to Moghe's house. But, instead of going there, I saw him looking for someone else's house. At that time I clearly saw him,\" Naik said.In the meantime, her neighbour left and she too began walking towards her house. \"The person, who had asked the address, came from behind and tried to snatch my gold chain. He could not remove it as the chain got stuck in my clothes. It caused an injury on my neck. My cellphone, too, fell on the road,\" Naik said.Naik said that the after the failed attempt, the person stopped at some distance. \"When I bent down to pick up my cell phone, he disappeared from the spot,\" she said, adding, \"I did not lodge a complaint with the police at the time.\"On April 24, Naik had gone to a jewellery shop on Laxmi Road. She realized that the person standing next to her was the same man. She immediately contacted the watchman at the shop and told him about the person.The watchman asked her to contact the owner, but he too was busy. \"So I contacted my brother-in-law on his cellphone. He asked me to contact the police. I called the police control room on 100. The police immediately came and nabbed the person,\" Naik said.When contacted senior police inspector Kamalakar Takawale of the Sahakarnagar police said that the police have arrested the person under section 393 (robbery attempt) of the Indian Penal Code. \"We have arrested him on the basis of Naik's complaint. The person, though, claims he is innocent and was not involved in the crime,\" Takawale said.Takawale added that the suspect is in police custody till April 27. \"He does not have any previous record. He is working in a private company at Hadapsar,\" Takawale said.Assistant police inspector Z A Kazi is investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890600", "title": "Budget session likely in 2nd week of May", "text": "LUCKNOW: The first assembly session of the Samajwadi Party government is likely to be held sometime in the second week of May, 2012. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had called a cabinet meeting on Friday morning to finalise the schedule of what will primarily be the first budget session of the current regime. UP Governor BL Joshi will address a joint session of the two houses on the inaugural day.Sources said that tentative dates for the inaugural session were discussed between the chief minister and the governor when the former called on him on April 22, 2012.Now the state government has to choose from the dates made available by the Raj Bhawan for the second week of May. The budget session has already generated curiosity not only in the political quarters and bureaucracy, but also among the common people, as the budget allocation will provide a glimpse of how the state government plans to live up to the towering expectations of the common man and handle the polls promises.Serious doubts have already been raised over the promises made by the government regarding unemployment allowance, providing laptops and tablets to students, loan waver for the farmers and incentives for girl students at various levels apart from assurances of noticeable improvement in power and drinking water supply.The budget session is sure to provide some indications of the roadmap that the government plans to take, in order to fulfil the promises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12888252", "title": "Pots &amp; pans probe keeps government busy", "text": "HYDERABAD: While scams running into crores of rupees have been haunting various departments of the state government for long, it is 'crockery-gate' that has got the minorities welfare department geared up into action mode. The department has ordered a \"thorough investigation\" into the scandal worth all of Rs 1.5 lakh!There may be bigger battles to be won, such as the construction of new premises for the Haj Committee which is currently a tenant in Razzack Manzil, also known as the Haj House, and the issue of Haj subsidy, but the government is busy in other 'crucial' investigative pursuits to find the Haj Committee's pots and pans.The \" crockery and cutlery scam\" in the Haj Committee was unearthed in January in which the chairman, Syed Khaleeluddin Ahmed, reportedly siphoned off Rs 1.5 lakh, a sum he showed against the purchase of crockery for Haj pilgrims put up at the Haj House. A source from the Haj Committee said, \"The chairman bought the crockery for his home and passed the bills to the office. Unfortunately, the Haj House has now become the grounds for settling scores between babus, politicians and officials.\"While bigger scandals to the tune of hundreds of crores are swept under the rug by the government, this time it was different. A 'confidential' GO was issued by the secretary of the minorities' welfare department which directed a two-member inquiry committee comprising M A Ghafoor, a retired special grade deputy collector and former secretary of the AP State Wakf Board, to probe the mater. A period of thirty days from April 4 has been given to submit a report. Sources from the Secretariat said that the file is still in 'circulation'. Another source said that it was unlikely that the investigation would be completed in 30 days.Observers are amused with the GO to investigate crockery-gate. The eleven floors of the Haj House, after all, house a number of offices that come under the minority welfare department and have many stories of corruption and mismanagement to tell. The AP State Wakf Board, for instance, has lost thousands of acres of its land. The State Minority Finance Commission on the fifth floor and the Urdu Academy on the fourth floor have had no chairman for years. But the minorities welfare department seems to be asking just one question - where are the Haj Committee's pots and pans?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890247", "title": "No free walk on these sidewalks", "text": "PUNE: Garbage dumps, a public library and water pipes are some of the few obstacles on the pavements of Kumthekar Road.Absence of any footpath on one side of the stretch between Sweet Home chowk and the Maharashtra State Centre of Education, Research and Training compounds the pedestrians' trouble.Kumthekar Road welcomes the walkers with garbage dumped on the pavements near Vishrambaugwada. They can be seen not just near bus stops but also in front of commercial buildings.The pavements here are convenient spots for parking, too, with fleets of cars and two-wheelers sharing the space with wastes piled up.Apart from the usual suspects -- electric junction boxes, bus shelters and lamp posts - claiming their share of space on the footpath near Jnana Prabhodhini, the Pune Municipal Corporation, too, has found a convenient storage space here for their water pipes.And if that was not enough challenge, then pedestrians get to work their way through or around a roadside newspaper library housed on the pavement.\"There are either narrow footpaths or none at all. They (PMC) must widen the existing footpaths and build new ones where there are none. There is garbage dumped on the sides as well. I don't think it is wrong to demand quality, hurdle-free footpaths. It becomes difficult for old people like me to negotiate the traffic on the road,\" says septuagenarian Ankush Yenpure.Mobile eateries and vendors throng the pavements leading towards Sweet Home Chowk.Mangal Rai, a shop attendant, says, \"It is impossible for people to walk on pavements in the evenings. Scores of vendors set up stall on the pavement , forcing the pedestrians out to streets. The evening rush of vehicular traffic makes walking on the road a risky proposition. The municipal corporation should make a walking plaza for us to mitigate our problems. They should not allow automobiles to park on pavements, which deny us space to walk.\"After being informed about the situation of the pavements, Pramod Nirbhavne, additional city engineer of the PMC, assures, \"We have given directives to ward officers of all zones to remove temporary obstacles (garbage and construction debris) promptly. Clearing of garbage and debris does not take much time. I assure the people that these impediments will be removed very soon.\"Arun Khilari, ward officer of the area, says he was \"not aware of the presence of PMC pipes and garbage on footpaths\", but assures that the obstructions will be removed by Friday. \"I will inform the city engineer today and conduct a clean-up drive in the area tomorrow itself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12888576", "title": "Kozhikode students better their score", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district fared well in the SSLC exams with 95.97% of total students clearing it. This is 2.67% increase over the last year's result.Of the total 47,102 students who appeared for the exams, 45,203 secured eligibility for higher studies.Compared to last year's 33 schools, this 36 schools registered 100% pass with 922 students securing A+ grade.In Kozhikode education district, 13 schools registered 100% pass. Out of 15,211 students who attended the SSLC examination in the region, 14,556 students became eligible for higher studies. In Thamarassery, 16 schools secured cent percent pass, and in Vadakara seven schools. Vadakara contributed the largest share of students who appeared for the exam from the district.Schools that 100% victory include Silver Hills Higher Secondary School, St. Joseph's Anglo Indian Girls Higher Secondary School, St. Joseph's Boys'HSS, Sri Gujarathi Vidyalaya HSS, NSS HSS Meenchanda, Government Boys High School Paranyanchery, Government Girls High School Parayanchery, Chinmaya Vidyalaya EMHS, Savio HSS Devagiri, Presentation HSS, JDT Islam Iqura EMHS, Calicut Orphanage HS Kolathara, Crescent Public School Mavoor, and Government Model Residential School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12889467", "title": "Matric exam concludes, over 10,000 held for cheating in Odisha", "text": "CUTTACK: It seems the efforts of the Board of Secondary Education to check malpractices in the matriculation exam have yielded results, with 10,015 students booked for cheating this year. This is the highest number of examinees ever caught for using unfair means in the matriculation examinations. The examinations got over on Thursday.Last year, 7,000 students were booked for malpractices, while in 2010, the figure was 2,046. This year, around 6,372 examinees were booked for malpractice in regular stream and the rest were ex-regular examinees. Board officials said the maximum number of cheating cases was reported from Sambalpur central zone. Board officials have expressed concern over the rising number of malpractice cases.\"This year a record number of students have been booked. The figures themselves speak about the gravity of the problem, malpractice in matriculation exam has become a deep rooted problem,\" said Satyakam Mishra, president of the board. The students booked for malpractice will be debarred from appearing in matriculation exam for three years.Apart from the students, the board has also decided to take stringent action against 14 invigilators and six centre superintendents who were found guilty of abetting malpractice.\"We have written to the state government to take stringent action against the invigilators and centre superintendents who were found abetting malpractice,\" said Nihar Mohapatra, board secretary.Evaluation of answer sheets will begin from May 1 and will continue till May 15. Answer scripts will be corrected at 71 centres across the state and more than 21,000 teachers will be involved in the process.The board has decided to transport the answer sheets directly to the evaluation centres from the examination centres to avoid wastage of time.\"Earlier answer sheets were collected at a receiving centre and from there they were sent to evaluation centres. In the process, seven days were lost, so this time we have decided to transport the answer sheets directly from the exam centre to evaluation point,\" said Mishra.Board officials have informed that the results would be out by first week of July. This year atleast 5.11 lakh students appeared for the matriculation examination at 2,261 centres across the state. Over 122 flying squads were formed to keep vigil on these centres.The matriculation examination had started on March 19, but on March 21, question papers of seven subjects were stolen from an exam centre, Bhagabati Vidyapitha, in Puri district following which the exam was stalled . The exam resumed on April 17 and concluded on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12888518", "title": "Hearing in contempt case against advocate Ravi Kiran adjourned till May 22", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A five-judge bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday adjourned hearing on a criminal contempt case against senior advocate Ravi Kiran Jain till May 22.Advocates' association, Awadh Bar Association and Allahabad High Court Bar Association, have moved separate applications for interfering in this case to assist the court.The bench comprising Chief Justice SR Alam, Justice Amitava Lala, Justice Yatindra Singh, Justice SK Singh and Justice Sunil Ambwani also directed advocate general to remain present in the court on May 22 to assist the bench in the case.A PIL has also been filed seeking installation of CCTV inside the court room for the hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12888993", "title": "Barkatullah University ready, but AIDS control society thinks otherwise", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh State AIDS Control Society (MPSACS) seems to be hesitating in installing condom vending machine in educational institutions in Bhopal when important centres like Barkatullah University is ready to have one on its campus. The nodal agency, responsible for creating awareness among masses about the prevention of AIDS is of the opinion people in Bhopal have a different approach compared to those living in metros.A few years back, condom vending machines were installed at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) and Delhi University (DU) campuses on the recommendation of Delhi State Aids Control Society (DSACS). Not surprisingly, the response was overwhelming.The nodal agency responsible for creating awareness among masses about the prevention of AIDS is of the opinion that people in Bhopal have a different approach compared to those living in metros.\"We have never thought of installing condom vending machine at educational centres in Bhopal. The same thing can be easily possible in metro. But it is different, when it comes to city like Bhopal,\" MP State Aids Control Society (MPSACS), project manager (condom vending machine), Deepak Tiwari said.When contacted, Barkatullah University registrar Dr Sanjay Tiwari said, \"The outlook towards sex-related issues is fast changing in our country. The BU has no objection, if the agencies install a machine on the campus.\"\"We all know it is not possible to cure the AIDS. It can only be prevented. As facility is available in several famous institutions in the country, the same can be done in the BU campus also. I do not think there is any harm in it,\" Tiwari added.On the contrary, the MPSACS official said, \"We can only install condom vending machine nearby place of the educational institutions.\" However, he added that the MPSACS is ready to install condom vending machine on the university campus, in case of a request from authorities.Students welcome the idea. \"Most of the time students shy from buying it from medical stores. It will help fight the dreaded disease,\" said a student, Anand Gupta.The Bhoj Open University and the RGPV VCs were not available for their comments on the issue.MPSACS and Hindustan Latex Limited have joined hands to install 500 condom vending machines in six districts of the state. Of 500 machines, 100 are being installed in Indore, 83 in Bhopal and rest in Dewas, Ujjain, Jabalpur and Gwalior.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887303", "title": "Soon, a switch in ST buses to control rash driving", "text": "MUMBAI: The MSRTC buses will now introduce an \"emergency button\" which can be used by the conductor to bring the bus to a complete halt in case the driver is involved in rash and negligent driving. The \"safety\" switch has been recommended by a technical committee, which comprised experts from VJTI.Said a MSRTC spokesperson, \"The decision was taken after the Pune incident in which a bus driver went berserk and killed nine persons and injured more than 30 earlier this year. A technical committee was set up and it made several suggestions, including fencing the depots, introducing gate-pass for vehicles to leave a depot and conducting medical examination and psychological profiling of drivers.\"On Thursday, the corporation decided to clear the proposal for introducing the emergency switch in its semi-luxury buses. The switch will have a glass cover to keep it secured. \"If a driver has gone berserk or if he is driving recklessly despite complaints from commuters and conductors, the latter will be empowered to break the glass cover and press the switch. It will activate a circuit, which will slow down the engine and the bus will halt,\" he stated.In the next 15 days, the MSRTC plans to introduce the switch on an experimental basis in 10 buses operating between Mumbai and Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12886603", "title": "Usgao man duped of Rs 3.07L", "text": "PONDA: Pascoal Pereira of Bhamai-Usgao was recently duped of 3.07 lakh after he responded to an SMS that informed him that he won a million pounds.The incidents took place between March 31 and April 4. Pereira received a SMS informing him to deposit money in three different accounts in ICICI bank for making arrangements to transfer the amount to him in India.\"Pereira deposited an amount totaling 3 .07 lakh in the accounts of G A Traders, Jyoti Enterprises and Sonu Singh (all from New Delhi) on three different days. He also made a further payment of 1 lakh to a person called Tom Christopher,\" police said.After a 15-day wait, Pereira neither received the amount nor any message, realizing that he was duped. Ponda police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "medininagar", "code": "12888919", "title": "Security stepped up along Chhattisgarh border", "text": "MEDININAGAR: In the wake of Sukma district collector's abduction, security along the Jharkhand-Chhattisgarh border has been tightened and government officials posted in Palamu division have been asked not to move about in the Maoist-hit areas without security. \"Security along the border has been beefed up and vehicles passing through Palamu, Garhwa and Latehar districts are being checked,\" inspector general of police (Palamu Range) Deepak Verma said on Thursday.Vigil has been stepped up in the wake of Alex Paul Menon's abduction by the Maoists in neighbouring Chhattisgarh on April 21. Keeping past incidents in mind, when the rebels crossed over the border after committing crime in neighbouring states, he said.Adequate security personnel have been deployed along the border, he added.Meanwhile, Palamu deputy commissioner Puja Singhal convened a meeting and issued directions to the government officials working in the district to avoid venturing out at night, official sources said. During the day, she asked the officials to take adequate security when they go out, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12894650", "title": "I\u2019d love to do Odia movies: Rajasmita Kar", "text": "Flashbulbs went crazy, the awaiting crowd started cheering loudly when Odisha's very own Rajasmita Kar returned to Bhubaneswar after winning the Dance India Dance (Season-3) competition on Thursday. The exhausted but jubilant 21-year-old smiled broadly as soon as she saw her family members among the supporters at the airport lounge.As a small-town girl from a very humble background, Rajasmita has made it big and done her state proud. \"Dancing is in my blood. My father owns a small shop of electrical goods in Rourkela and I have not even completed my graduation. Instead I took up dancing and participated in many competitions like \"Jhum Odisha Jhum\" or \"Dhum Machale Dhum\" in Odisha. Though I couldn't win them, I got noticed. Winning DID is like a dream come true for me. I am glad to have made Odisha proud,\" she said flashing a million dollar smile.So what are her plans for future? Is she willing to join the Odia film industry? \"I am an Odia girl and I would love to do Odia films in future. But If I get a chance, I would definitely like to join Bollywood. Right now, I plan to open a dance school in my hometown and teach kids how to get the steps right.\"Rajasmita has learnt Hip Hop but since she hails from Odisha, she would like to learn Odissi. \"I live in Odisha but haven't got the opportunity to learn Odissi. I wish to take lessons in that too,\" she said.Rajasmita also went to meet Odisha's State Housing and Urban Development minister Sarada Prasad Nayak, who also hails from her hometown, Rourkela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889889", "title": "Kahani of traffic films goes desi", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The traffic lessons on reel are getting up close and real at Children Traffic Park (CTP) in Sector 23, Chandigarh. Instead of watching foreign-made documentary films on fatal road accidents that they can't relate to, children and driving licence-seekers will get to see actual footage of accidents in the city, to jolt them to the reality of how rash driving can lead to a bloody end.After making it mandatory for every challaned driver to watch footage of fatal accidents in Traffic Police Lines, Sector 29, cops are going to air this 'desi' fare in the traffic park.Three documentaries prepared from 50 clips of fatal road accidents are being readied for this.This is going to be welcome departure from the traffic police telecasting foreign road safety documentaries dubbed in Hindi to educate children and applicants during weekly workshops for decades.A senior traffic police official said, ''It's easy to educate people by showing video clippings and documentaries instead of theoretical methods. The CCTV footage of fatal accidents at different locations in Chandigarh instead of foreign locales is bound to hit the watchers hard.''The footage includes killer road accidents at important traffic points, including Hallomajra light point, Transport chowk intersection and Kisan Bhawan.Sub-inspector Sukhdev Singh, in charge of CTP-23, said, ''We will soon begin showing CCTV clips of fatal accidents in the city to children and applicants.''Drivers of Haryana, Himachal, Punjab Roadways and CTU fleets, too, will get a taste of this real education at road safety workshops. Recently, 1,500 challaned drivers of Haryana, Himachal, Punjab and CTU fleets had to watch the grim and gory clips of two dozen casualties that occurred in one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887422", "title": "Jewellers' lobbying hard in Delhi to ensure excise tax is withdrawn", "text": "NAGPUR: After ending a fortnight long strike following the Union Budget, jewellers are busy lobbying with members of parliament (MPs) for doing away with the excise duty proposed on unbranded ornaments. Key representatives of this sector are camping in New Delhi, and hosted a grand party for over 150 MPs at Hotel Taj Palace on Thursday. A large number of invitees were from the opposition. Jewellers are heavily relying on the Samajwadi Party to push their demands, said sources.The jewellers called it a thanks giving function, during which they will put forth their demands of a roll back on the budget proposal to include unbranded ornaments in the central excise net.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's move to impose excise on ornaments had evoked stiff opposition from jewellers who went on a strike. The agitation ended after a dialogue with the minister, in which the traders claim that he had given a strong hint of a roll back. But no formal announcement could be made as the parliament was not in progress.Now, as the session resumes, the jewellers do not want to leave any stone unturned and are engaged in hectic lobbying. \"The finance minster's words were \"I will make you people happy in the parliament\". It was enough for us to believe that the tax would be rolled back. However, it also sounded too vague as there are all the chances that a different scheme may be put in place, instead of a total roll back,\" said Nitin Khandelwal, a director of All India Gems and Jewellery Federation ( AIGJF).The jewellers' guild has called on leaders like Lalu Prasad Yadav , Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh and his son Akhilesh Yadav, Mayawati , and Sushma Swaraj. \"There was strong support from Akhilesh Yadav with a similar gesture from BJP too, which will be reciprocated through the Thursday function,\" said Khandelwal. During the meeting, the MPs will be told about the jewellers' demand of a total roll back, he said.After ending the strike, the jewellers are not collecting excise duty on the sales, relying on the assurance by the finance minster in a meeting with their representatives. Officials in the central excise department however say that the commodity continues to be taxable till a formal order to abolish the duty is issued.The jewellers have been opposing the levy on the grounds that it will bring back inspector raj. However, sources in the business say that what is worrying the jewellers most is that excise will also bring accountability in the trade. A common practice of unaccounted transactions will be curbed if the commodity comes under central excise net, as an elaborate record of purchase and sales will have to be maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12890346", "title": "Mohandas Pai will register himself as voter", "text": "BANGALORE: Mohandas Pai, former HR director of Infosys, is registering himself in Bangalore Graduates' Constituency on Saturday and also inviting IT bigwigs in the city to do the same.Following the appeal made by former Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde about a week back, graduates at IISc and IIM-B began registering as voters.\"All of us are concerned about the need to improve governance and desire that politics become more genuinely representative of the voice of people. We now have a tremendous opportunity to elect a representative who would be highly educated, more global, genuinely interested in public problem solving and professional, to represent us in the state legislature,\" said Pai.He is planning to rope in CEOs of top companies like Infosys, Wipro, TCS, Biocon and Narayana Hrudayalaya to register as voters in this constituency which will elect for sure, a worthy candidate to serve the urban community. He has written to all the companies and their heads in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12888693", "title": "Kannada Sahitya Parishat election will be held on Sunday", "text": "MANGALORE: Election for the posts of president of district and state units of Kannada Sahitya Parishat (KSP) will be held at five polling stations in Dakshina Kannada on Sunday. Polling will be held at Mangalore taluk office, Bantwal taluk office, Puttur taluk office, Belthangady taluk office and Sullia taluk office from 8 am to 4 pm.Those who have been a member of the Parishat for the past three years are eligible to vote. Voters' list is available in election sections of all taluk offices in the district. Former district president of Parishat Pradeep Kumar Kalkura, journalist Sarvotham Anchan and member Harish Bantwal are in fray for the post.There are 1,932 registered voters in the district. Tahsildar Ravichandra Naik, who is the election officer, said all members should compulsorily bring identity card issued by KSP to vote. In case, members do not have the identity cards, they may also exercise their franchise by showing any one of the 21 other identity proofs including passport, driving licence and PAN card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12895147", "title": "Sex-trafficking video goes viral on the internet", "text": "NEW DELHI: A video of scantily-clad women dancing in Amsterdam's red-light district has gone viral as part of a campaign against human trafficking.The video shows six female \"sex workers\" strutting in the windows of a brothel before they break into a choreographed dubstep dance routine.As pounding electronic music blares from the brothel, a crowd gathers out the front to watch the flash-mob style show.When the dance routine ends, they clap and cheer and a message appears on a screen above the brothel:\"Every year, thousands of women are promised a dance career in Western Europe. Sadly, they end up here. Stop the traffik. People shouldn't be bought or sold.\"The short video is part of a campaign by Stop The Traffik, an international anti-slavery organisation that aims to stop human trafficking and prosecute traffickers.A Dutch advertising agency created the ad in the hope of raising awareness of human trafficking.\"With this campaign, Stop The Traffik wants to make people aware that a lot of these girls are victims of human trafficking and end up in prostitution against their will,\" the agency said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12888110", "title": "House proceedings not functioning democratically: Stalin", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: DMK deputy general secretary M K Stalin said here on Thursday that the assembly proceedings were not functioning democratically, prompting his party to conduct district-wise public meetings to create awareness about price hikes and power outages in the state.Stalin is on a two-day visit to the town and would address a public meeting on Saturday. While speaking to media persons, the DMK leader said, \"Commission-culture is taking place even in local bodies under this government. Unfortunately, this is not brought to the public notice by the media.\"Stalin added, \"The assembly proceedings are not functioning democratically. There is no voice for other parties than the ruling MLAs. We are not allowed even to make a point of clarification.\"Asked about law and order condition in the state, he said, \"There neither law nor order prevailing in Tamil Nadu.\" The DMK leader also took dig at the Election Commission . \"Only after the day the AIADMK announced freebies, the EC announced the dates for the election in Pudukottai, which shows there is no free and fare action by the EC.\"With regard to the DMK chief M Karunanidhi's call to revive the Tamil Eelam Supporters Organisation (TESO), Stalin said, \"Global support is expected for TESO\".Refuting that there is no power struggle in the DMK, he said, \"Only in AIADMK there is power war between Jayalalithaa and Sasikalaa, which is not brought to light by the media.\" \"The alleged succession war in DMK is a story played out by the media,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887275", "title": "Mumbai car sales hit a bump, drop 6% in a year", "text": "MUMBAI: Sale of new cars in the city stuttered, as it dropped by at least 6% in the past one year. On an average, the island city sees 9% rise in sales and registration but in the past 12 months, there has been a rise of only 3%, state transport commissioner V N More said.\"Due to this drop, we failed to meet our annual targets -- set for all the three RTOs in Andheri, Wadala and Tardeo,'' he told reporters on Thursday.Statistics showed that Andheri RTO earned Rs 301 crore revenue through new registrations/road taxes while Tardeo raked in Rs 209 crore and Wadala Rs 109 crores in 2011-12. \"So, the total revenue earned in the past one year was Rs 618 crore. We had set a target of Rs 741 crore. In fact, it was also less than Rs 628 crore earned in 2010-11,\" he said.More attributed the drop in figures to increasing number of people purchasing vehicles outside city limits and registering them at far-off places like Panvel to evade octroi. \"Another factor could be the economic slowdown, hike in interest rates and increasing fuel costs ,'' he said.He said overall revenue collection in the state had, however, surpassed its target. \"Across Maharashtra, we had set a target of Rs 3,500 crore but had netted close to Rs 4,200 crore. We saw an increase in revenue in areas like Thane division (Rs 810 crore), Panvel (Rs 303 crore), Kolhapur (Rs 283 crore), Pune (Rs 851crore) and Nashik (Rs 265 crore),'' he said.More said there could be a possibility of people registering cars in the name of their business enterprises situated on the outskirts of Mumbai. \"There are several godowns and factories on the outskirts of the city and there is a possibility of businessmen registering vehicles on that address,'' he said.More said RTOs were stringent on vehicle registration and insisted on proper residence proofs from applicants. \"Driving licence and few other documents are no longer accepted as residence proofs. Also, if you purchase a car in Mumbai, you will have to register it here only. This is the reason why people prefer purchasing it from showrooms in other districts,'' he said.Mumbai has more than 7 lakh registered cars and over a million two-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12889177", "title": "Tagore drama gets ethnic twist", "text": "GUWAHATI: 'Aru... Nandini', a modern-day Assamese rendition of 'Rokto Korobi' ('The Red Oleander'), Nobel Laureate Rabindranath Tagore's iconic anti-establishment drama, was staged at Rabindra Bhawan in the city on Thursday.The drama, an initiative of the Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA), is part of the ongoing nation-wide tribute commemorating the 150th birth anniversary of Bengal's Renaissance man.The Assamese rendition of the controversial drama includes improvisation of a different kind as compared to other versions; the play has been staged countless times and given varied treatments over the years. This particular version has been given a regional flavour by incorporating various ethnic elements, including music, of the indigenous communities of Assam and the northeast. The play also uses colours in a creative way to convey the traits of the different subjects.'Aru.... Nandini' has been penned by Naren Patgiri, a noted theatre personality who has also directed the play. \"It is a very powerful drama and such stories require a different approach. There is a northeastern flavour in all aspects of the play. I have improvised on the music without distorting the original essence of Tagore's songs. I have included strains of Bodo, Mishing and Rabha tunes. The costumes too are a mix of various ethnic elements. I have used different colours to portray different characters and subjects - for instance, green highlights the character of Nandini, violet is for the corporate world,\" said Patgiri.'Rokto Korobi', penned by Tagore in 1925, is the only drama in the plethora of his immortal works that was never staged during his lifetime. Tagore penned the story after his visit to the US in 1923, distraught by the onslaught of capitalism that he witnessed there. The drama centred round the mad rush for materialistic pleasures and the devaluation of human values. 'Rakta Korobi', according to some, is a sharp criticism of the principles of capitalism.In 'Aru... Nandini' too, the emphasis is on the rat race and commercialisation of the contemporary world, the greed of the corporate world and the neglect of nature by men. \"I have deliberately included a reference to a well-known industrialist who has spent thousands of crores in building his house. Such frivolous expenditure should be severely criticised and I wanted to put the act in this context. The exploitation of nature by such people and the complex situation this has led us to needs to taken up strongly,\" added Patgiri.The drama will also be staged on April 27 at the same venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12889912", "title": "Bhanwari case accused clash with other inmates in Jodhpur Central Jail", "text": "JODHPUR: Two accused of Bhanwari Devi case, Bishan Ram Bishnoi and Kailash Jakhar had a clash with their opponents in Jodhpur Central Jail Thursday afternoon. Both sustained minor injuries following the intervention of the jail staff. Immediately after this clash, Baleasr police took away Bishna Ram along with Ashok Bishnoi and Om Prakash , his gang members and other accused of the same case, on production warrant with them.According to the internal sources, Kailash Jakhar had an argument with Swaroop Singh, an undertrial of murder of a notorious gangster Dinesh Manju, in the jail in afternoon. Hearing this, Bishan Ram came in support of Jakhar and had a clash with Swaroop Singh, who retaliated with another jail inmate and his friend Joonjhar Singh, who is convict under NDPS act. Sources said that before the jail staff could interfere, both of them sustained certain bruise marks and were separated.Jakhar and Swaroop Singh belong to different gangs and Jakhar is a witness to the murder of Dinesh Manjoo by the gang, Swaroop Singh belongs to. During the murder bid, Swaroop Singh had attacked Jakhar with sword but he had escaped the bid.Jail administration, however, ruled out any such incident. But the police sources confirmed the clash. Immediately after this clash, Bishna Ram was taken to Balesar by the rural police on production warrant, a development, which was quoted by the jail administration as an eye wash to cover the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888431", "title": "BJP raising phony debates: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Thursday slammed the BJP for perpetuating lies on the Bofors case, saying the disproportionate importance to a retired Swedish policeman's statements was akin to former Prime Minister V P Singh's claim to put Rajiv Gandhi in jail within a fortnight of coming to power.Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said it was unfortunate that Rajiv Gandhi's name was sought to be arraigned in the Bofors saga again after 25 years. \"A retired policeman of another country says something and the entire country gets busy with it with even Parliament being sought to be dragged in it. A retired cop's claim is being given so much importance, I feel ashamed to even name him,\" he said.The belligerence in the ruling camp was evident through the day, with strong words at the daily party briefing only taking off from where MPs Sanjay Nirupam and Mani Shankar Aiyar left in the two huses of Parliament.The Congress believes that though it is facing flak for scams, it need not be defensive over Bofors which has run its course.Dwivedi said the demand for judicial commission was fine but hinted it would look into everything, including Tehelka, in what appeared a bid to show that the main opposition party BJP had its skeletons to hide.He said there was no problem with a judicial commission but it meant \"keeping people embroiled in these phony debates\". \"The truth is that BJP is in a hurry to come to power. These eight years have been difficult for it but people have used their discretion in the past and they will do it again,\" he added.The Congress leader targeted BJP for continuing to rake up Bofors but asked why the BJP government did not appeal against the high court order exonerating Rajiv Gandhi and quashing Bofors case or get Ottavio Quattrocchi extradited from Malaysia where he was arrested. He reminded that leader of opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley was the law minister then.\"In fact, Jaitley was the prosecutor in V P Singh government, law minister in Vajpayee regime and now wants to be the judge on this issue,\" Dwivedi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12888765", "title": "Criminals hijack truck in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A gang of criminals hijacked a truck carrying mustard oil worth Rs 25 lakh from near the Siyarkoni forests on the G T Road (under Chouparan police station) late on Wednesday. The truck - with registration number WB-230-5059 - was coming from Kolkata and was on its way to Patna .The criminals, who were following the truck all the way from Kolkata on a private vehicle, overtook it near Bagodar in Giridih on Wednesday night and took control of it.Police said the criminals then forced the driver to take a detour in the direction of Gaya district's Dobhi, instead of taking the NH-31 to Patna. As the truck neared Siyarkoni forests, the hijackers assaulted the driver and helper severely, tied them up and fled with the truck.The helpless victims were found unconscious by the villagers on their way to collect 'mahua' from the jungle.Chouparan PS officer-in-charge Gopal Kishore Yadav, who came and rescued the two, said the driver and helper were identified as Rajesh Yadav and Rajkumar Yadav, respectively, and an FIR had been filed on the basis of their narration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12888479", "title": "A peep into works of photo scribes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A photo exhibition of the news photographers of Allahabad showcasing the different moods of politicians and public during the UP assembly elections opened at the Gandhi Kala Vithika of North Central Zone Cultural Centre (NCZCC) on Thursday.SSP Navin Arora, who was the chief guest, lauded the quality and content of the photographs. He praised a photograph clicked by senior photographer Vibhu Gupta. The photo exhibition has been organised under the aegis of Sri Ganga Kalyan Sewa Samiti.Several news photographers including Vibhu Gupta, Rajesh Singh, Rajiv Bose, Ranjan Mishra, Anuj Khanna, Anurag Srivastava, Jitendra Prakash, Bhim Singh Yadav, Nitin Sharma, Sudhir Chaudhary, Amar Deep and Anup Rawat have contributed their photographs for the exhibition.It was the first of its kind photo exhibition in Allahabad organised to provide a chance to citizens to have a glimpse into the works of news photographers, said Jitendra Prakash, one of the organisers of the exhibitionOthers present on the occasion included LIU circle officer Ramji Ram, trader leader Vijay Arora and Shiv Shankar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12886712", "title": "Government nod for Rs 40.51cr award for Mopa land", "text": "PANAJI: While the government has approved a total compensation package of Rs 40.51 crore for those whose land has been acquired for the proposed Mopa international airport, it has already disbursed Rs 8.75 crore to about 397 persons in five villages.Sources said the highest amount and the most number of persons disbursed compensation are in Mopa village-202 persons have been paid Rs 5.11 crore.In Chandel village 102 persons have received Rs 1.57 crore; in Uguem 67 persons have got Rs.22 crore; in Casarvarnem it's Rs 23.06 lakh to 21 persons and in Varkhand five persons have received Rs 60.23 lakh.The special land acquisition officer for Mopa airport, M K Vasta told TOI that where the ownership title is clear the government has issued cheques to pay the compensation.Affected persons are still submitting documentary evidence to prove their ownership of the land and Vasta said the government is processing about 200 claims right now.The rate of compensation for tenanted land has been fixed at 25 per sq m plus 30% solacium charges according to the Land Acquisition Act, 1894. Besides, the government is paying 12% interest from the date of notification till the award was passed. For tenanted land, the rate comes up to about 40 per sq m.For untenanted land, the basic rate is 40 per sq m plus 30% solacium and 12% interest. It adds up to about 65 per sq m.Sources said the BJP government is considering enhancing the rate of compensations as promised prior to the elections.On Monday, the state government gave its in-principle approval to the master plan of the proposed Mopa airport. It will give its final approval, after studying the plan, within 10 to 12 days, chief minister Manohar Parrikar had said. He had also said that tentatively, global tenders for the Mopa airport would be floated by September-end.The government has already taken into possession land admeasuring 51,01,274 sq m in six villages. Among them, Amberem is all government-owned land and all the acquired land has been transferred to the acquiring department-transport.Of the total 74,99,440 sq m sought to be acquired, 23,77,121 sq m is caught up in litigation. Villagers from three villages have filed a writ petition in the high court challenging the government's land acquisition.Due to this, land in three villages has not been acquired-Chandel (5,21,045 sq m), Varkhand (12,64,835 sq m) and Casarvarnem (5,91,241 sq m).The high court has given an interim order saying that the survey numbers which are the subject matter of the writ petition shall not be taken into possession till the case is decided. The case is at the stage of judgment and order, which is expected shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888710", "title": "Traffic cop killed as truck crashes into barricade", "text": "CHENNAI: A traffic constable was killed and his colleague was grievously injured when a container trailer crashed into the barricade from where they were regulating traffic. The incident happened at the Ennore Expressway-Manali highway junction on Thursday morning.Santhanam Mariappan, 28, a native of Tuticorin who was engaged to be married to a girl from Pattabiram, died on spot, while Prem Nivas suffered a fracture and was rushed to a city hospital.Prem Nivas, Mariappan and sub-inspector Anna Durai were regulating the heavy traffic when one trailer, trying to avoid a ditch, swerved to the left and hit the barricade. Mariappan's two-wheeler, parked there, went flying.Many traffic policemen in the area expressed concern about their safety and the rash manner in which heavy vehicles are driven in the area. The plight of traffic policemen on busy highway, which has been without traffic lights for nearly six years, has come into focus.\"It's easy for senior officers to sit in the comfort of air-conditioned offices and speak to the media on traffic improvements. Has a single officer ever called us constables for a meeting and asked about our woes\" Forget the promised lime juice we don't even have a place to sit and have lunch,\" said a constable. Another said, \"the accident will now work as an advantage for container truck drivers as policemen will now be scared of them and their rash driving.\"Police said the flow of vehicles on both sides of the road was always heavy and some drivers jumped the line, while others drove in a rash manner.\"Despite diverting vehicles towards Sathangadu, it has become impossible to regulate truckers who are in a hurry to reach their destination. They are also under pressure as their employers would have to pay demurrage charges in case a container remains at the port for a long time. We have urged authorities to immediately relay all roads leading to the harbour and container terminal to prevent further loss of lives,\" said a policeman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12888409", "title": "CPM politburo member warns Indian Union Muslim League against taking the communal route", "text": "KOTTAYAM: If Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) starts handling politics the way Sangh Parivar has been handling it, that will not be good for Indian politics, said CPM politburo member M A Baby. He was addressing the media here on Thursday.Baby, who accused Sangh Parivar of nurturing communalism, said there were apprehensions that IUML was cultivating people with extremist stand and was pursuing communal politics with their help.He also slammed chief minister Oommen Chandy and the UDF for the recent unsavoury developments in politics. The chief minister handing over the home portfolio to please a community has brought politics in the state to an all-time low, he said.He also said UDF had the shameful distinction of introducing 'Aya Ram Gaya Ram' culture into Kerala politics. Till recently, horse trading was heard of only in north India. The voters in Neyyattinkara will give a fitting reply for such 'cheating', he said.The UDF government is surviving just because of the ethical approach of the CPM and the LDF. The LDF does not believe in coming to power through horse trading, he said.Baby also said the UDF government was partitioning the state government among communal power centres. And some of its allies are using the departments they handle to mint money, he said citing as an example the activities in the Education Department.Prime land of Calicut University was gifted to private trusts. The vice-chancellor should resign if he has any sense of pride, he said. He also alleged that there was move to make a school teacher, a UDF nominee, as the vice-chancellor of the Calicut University.On self-finance colleges, Baby said the UDF government had surrendered before the big shots in this field.A student will now have to pay more money than he can afford as fees in these colleges. The Inter Church Council has forced the government to sign such an agreement, he said.He also said all schools -- aided, unaided, minority, majority - should be managed by a committee comprising people in the locality. Now, under threat from many quarters, not only educational institutions run by minorities, but also private institutions will be brought under a law that allows advisory committees to run institutions.Baby said national politics was at a turning point with the fortunes of the Congress sinking to its lowest level.The Central government leadership is a sinking ship with its allies threatening it at every juncture. It's in this scenario that the CPM was trying for an alternative, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889841", "title": "Owners fail to tell cops of trips", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many city residents are not paying any heed to the repeated requests of Chandigarh police to inform the area beat cops if they are planning any outstation visit in advance.In all the five recent house burglaries, not a single house owner had informed the area police about their visits outside the city. Sub-inspector Devinder Singh, incharge of the police post in Sector 45, said Satpal Mittal and his wife had left the house for their native city Ludhiana on April 14 but did not inform the police about it.The theft in their house came to light only when the elderly couple returned and found their house ransacked. The couple lives on their own and their two children are settled abroad.Similarly, Gurjit Kaur of Sector 29, whose house too was burgled had not intimidated the area police about her and her family going out of the city.Residents don't bother to inform the cops about their outstation visits despite door-to-door campaigns of the city police involving students of different private and government colleges undertaken to educate people about what needs to be done to prevent burglaries and thefts.More than 2,500 houses have been covered under this ongoing campaign. A senior police official said, \"If a person is hesitant about approaching the police for giving information about their outstation visits, the person can at least inform his neighbour as a precautionary measure.\"The police official added that, \"There are a number of tell-tale signs that give away information about a house owner not being home like bundles of newspapers lying outside the house.\"Maximum thefts and house burglaries are being reported in the southern division of Chandigarh and in some parts of east division.Police have also not got a good response from residents as far as tenant and servant verification schemes are concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887438", "title": "High court livid with MSEDCL, Mahagenco response to Koradi units' closure", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Wednesday flayed the MSEDCL and Mahagenco for their failure to file a reply in the PIL alleging conspiracy and political ill will behind closure of four units of Koradi Thermal Power Station (KTPS). A division bench of justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale gave a last chance to the companies to file the reply in two weeks. Shrirang Bhandarkar was the counsel for the petitioner Priyadarshan Madkholkar.The petitioner contended that KTPS had closed down four units of 105MW, 210MW, 220MW and 420MW in July last year without specifying any reason. He alleged there was a big conspiracy hatched by the politicians and top ranked officials of respondent companies behind the move with bigger plan being to shut down the station. The move will eventually favour Wardha Power Company which is fast coming up with new power plant of 740 MW at Warora Special Economic Zone (SEZ).Bhandarkar argued that earlier there was no shortage of power but after closure of these units, shortage had started. The conspirators have planned to purchase power at high rates from new company which would ultimately burden the general public. The counsel representing power companies argued that those units were closed down as they were running into losses and even Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) had reported that the units were leading to pollution in nearby areas.However, Bhandarkar, citing yearly reports, stated that KTPS had recorded Rs 9 crore profit last year and earlier also it was in good position. He even claimed that MPCB had never given any direction to close down the units. Instead, it gave consent to KTPS to raise its capacity to 1,100 MW. Citing the case of Enron (now Dabhol Power Company) in Ratnagiri, the lawyer stated that public was forced to buy costly power due to that project and after statewide protests, it was forced to close down. He prayed for direction to the government to restart the closed KTPS units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12888898", "title": "No rape in Harmu assault case: Police", "text": "RANCHI: In a major twist to the rape and murder of a middle-aged woman, Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh on Thursday said the postmortem report had no mention of rape.\"This is, however, a serious issue and the postmortem report will not affect the intensity of our investigation,\" he added. So far, the police have detained five persons in this connection.The victim, Saroj, had died as some youths had badlyinjured her private parts, the SSP added, quoting the postmortem report.On the evening of April 22, Saroj was waylaid by some autorickshaw drivers from Argora Chowk when she was returning her Elahi Nagar home and allegedly raped and murdered by five of them at Harmu Maidan.In another case, the Ranchi police on Thursday seized two 9 mm and one 7.65 mm pistols from one Anil Sharma at Rajendra Chowk. Six rounds of cartridges were also recovered from Sharma (40) who has been arrested, SSP said.Sharma, who hails from Bihar Sharif, had once gone to jail in an arms supply case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "12890274", "title": "After HC assurance, girl in same sex relationship gets back to work", "text": "BATHINDA: Twenty-year-old Swaran Kaur, the Punjab police constable who is in a lesbian relationship with her friend Harsharan Kaur, 28, went back to work on Thursday after the Punjab and Haryana High Court directed Bathinda SSP to ensure protection to the couple from their families, who have been hounding them.When TOI caught up with the couple at Maur police station, they said they have been living under fear for the last nine months and the HC order has given them some hope.Visibly relaxed, the girls, who were provided security cover on Thursday following the HC directions, spent some time together inside one of the rooms of the Maur police station discussing their plans.\"We have been to hell and back. Everybody has been against us right from the day we decided to spend the rest of our days together,\" said Swaran, sounding and looking confident in a pink shirt and pair of black jeans.Swaran joined back after a gap of six days during which she had asked the Bathinda SSP SS Gill for security cover but her request was rejected.Dressed in a turquoise salwar kameez, Harsharan, sitting besides Swaran added, \"We lived in constant fear all this while. Our parents, neighbourers, villagers, all of them threatened that they would eliminate both of us if we continued with our relationship.\"\"But now after the high court orders we are feeling safer atleast inside this police station,\" said Swaran, who has been allotted a room in the residential police quarters.The partners have decided not to go back to their village Balahar Vinjhu for the time being as their parents and villagers are adamant and dead opposed to their relationship.\"We have not sinned. We just want to live together. If our relation is not accepted then we will live in Bathinda town and won't go back to the village,\" said Harsharan.Even though both Harsharan and Swaran are childhood friends, they fell in love a year back and as the parents came to know about it both were asked not to meet each other.The couple had decided some nine months back to stay together and on April 20 left their homes when no one supported them.And back in Balahar Vinjhu, a sleepy little village. Which is situated some 16 kms from Bathinda town, nothing has changed even after the high court intervention.The relatives and villagers don't want the couple to stay together at any cost.\"This relationship is impossible to tolerate. If they want to come back they will have to stop living together or we will outcast them,\" said Pritam Singh, uncle of Harsharan, sitting in a chair outside his house.According to sarpanch Gurmeet Kaur, the girls have disgraced the entire village.Gurmeet said, \"Both the girls have done something which is unimaginable and this relation can't be accepted.\"\"If the girls want to come back then they will have to live separately. We will forgive them for there act. But if they don't come back in a week's time then we will finish our relationship with them,\" said Jagpal Singh, father of Swarn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12894821", "title": "Abhinav Shukla to enter Hitler Didi", "text": "Actor Abhinav Shukla, who was last seen in Star Plus' Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai, is all set to enter Zee TV's Hitler Didi.After making a few cameo appearances including 'Chhoti Bahu' and 'Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai', Shukla is finally set to do a full-fledged role in 'Hitler Didi'. He will play the key role of a cop in the show, hailing from Haryana. This is going to be a central character, which is expected to take the show to new heights. Abhinav confirmed the news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887771", "title": "Street parking fee issue: Environmentalists happy, rest see red", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent proposal to levy charges for street parking in colonies has divided residents and environmentalists. Reacting to the proposal by the Delhi high court-appointed Special Task Force, residents said the government should improve public transport first. Environmentalists, though, said the move would check the increase in the city's vehicle population.\"The government should provide better public transport facility before thinking of introducing parking charges in residential colonies,'' said Pankaj Aggarwal of Delhi Joint Front. But many residents also admitted that the sharp increase in private vehicles had affected the quality of life in colonies. \"There is no space to walk in our colony. In the absence of a good public transport system, people have no option but to use cars,'' said Vasant Kunj resident Amit Aggarwal.Welcoming the STF's decision, Environment and Pollution Control Authority's ( EPCA) chairperson Bhure Lal said, \"It is a good decision. This will help in bringing down the vehicle load in the city. In Singapore and Japan, people have to show adequate parking space before buying a car. The colony roads (in Delhi) are increasingly being used for parking.\"Against this, residents argued that the government should provide facilities which are on par with those in Singapore and Japan before implementing such \"absurd\" policies. \"In Singapore, it is necessary to show adequate parking space before buying any vehicle, but their public transportation system is in place. Before following this concept, the government should ensure that public transport system is user friendly. The proposal at this stage is absurd,\" said Aggarwal.Residents said imposing new charges was not the solution to the city's parking woes. \"It is a planning issue. Civic agencies, especially the MCD, have failed to provide adequate parking space for the residents as they are interested only in making money. Even now, people pay conversion charges but where did all the money go? The parking lots are still being built. We pay road tax in advance when buying a new car,\" said Rajiv Kakaria, GK-I RWA member.Despite collecting close to Rs 900 crore as conversion and parking charges, the MCD has failed to provide adequate parking in the city. Of its 41 projects, only one has been made operational in the last five years. Residents said the new proposal is just going to add to MCD's revenue. But according to Bhure Lal, \"The money collected from colonies should be used for upgrading the public transport system, improving the roads and ensuring facilities for cyclists.\"Even the parking charges may vary according to the location of the colony. But residents said that even if the civic agency charged high parking rates, people would not stop buying cars.Even if they charge more than Rs 50,000 it will not deter people from buying cars. People will continue to buy cars as the public transport system lacks connectivity,\" said Vohra, president, East Delhi RWAs Joint Front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12887802", "title": "AC coach vestibules to remain closed to prevent robberies at night", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: To prevent robberies on trains, the Vijayawada railway division has decided to close the vestibule (passage) between the AC bogies in the night. This decision comes in the wake of increasing number of robberies on trains. Divisional railway manager Anurag hoped this step would curb the movement of robbers on trains, especially in the AC bogies.\"We have decided to block the vestibule between AC bogies between 10 pm and 6 am so that the unauthorized movement could be restricted,\" Anurag told TOI on Thursday. Besides this, GRP and RPF escort parties would be deployed on trains for the safety of the passengers at night.As summer is more convenient for thieves and robbers to strike, the DRM cautioned the passengers against wearing expensive jewellery during train journeys. \"Passengers should keep in mind that robbers would always be waiting for an opportunity to strike,\" he said. CCTV cameras have been installed at key locations at various stations to keep a watch on suspects, he said.Asserting that the recently-introduced tagging of luggage in the reserved bogies has been well received, the DRM said that they would take up more passenger-friendly measures.Anurag said freight earnings posted a remarkable growth at 16.95%. He said the total earnings from goods traffic had touched Rs 1,706 crore and added that additional trains would be run to meet the summer rush.The DRM said Rs 23.8 crore would be spent on providing passenger amenities like waiting rooms, circulating areas, lifts and chairs to carry the aged and the physically challenged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12888067", "title": "Pony falls into water tank, rescued", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A stray female pony, aged around 10 years, was rescued from a water tank and being treated at a veterinary hospital in Aruvankadu, around 12km from here. The animal fell into the water tank in a house at Ettines Road on Wednesday.\"The pony had tried to come out of the water tank using its front legs and in the process, the legs were hurt badly,\" said Nigel Otter, managing trustee of World Veterinary Service of India (WVSI), a charitable trust.After the fire service personnel rescued the animal from the water tank, there was no one to claim the pony. Otter, who is also running a home for abandoned animals, India Project for Animals and Nature (IPAN), in Masinagudi near Mudumalai Tiger Reserve was informed. \"As the animal had sustained several injuries, it was taken to the WVSI hospital for treatment,\" said Otter.\"If no one comes forward to claim the pony, then the animal will be transported to IPAN in Masinagudi,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889810", "title": "4 automatic parking lots for Sec 17", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The parking wing of the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has prepared a draft proposal to make the four main parking lots in Sector 17 fully automatic.According to the proposal the lots will have all modern safety equipment. Prepaid cards will be made available to commuters for swiping to pay the charges and another option would be chargeable coupons which would be available on counters inside the lots. Besides the system would be such that there will be no need to stop at the entrance or exit points, all one would have to do is slow down at the entrance to swipe one's card and while exiting one would just have to drop the token in a particular slot. This would then be read digitally to ascertain proper payment, while there will be a synchronized boom barrier at the exit.The above mentioned points in the draft proposal, which has been prepared after studying various automatic parking lots in the country, will be put up for detailed discussion. As per the draft, each slot in the parking lots will have CCTV cameras and censors which will be attached to a control room to show vacant and occupied slots, besides a display board at the entrance to indicate vacant parking slots.\"In the draft, we have also proposed altercation in the existing parking areas, while data has been collected about available capacity of lots. Besides, censors would be crucial in ascertaining occupancy. We have also demanded formation of a committee comprising executive engineer and sub-division engineer level officers to discuss the proposal in detail including hour-wise charges\", said a senior MC officer.Additional municipal commissioner T P S Phoolka said, \"The draft has been prepared, but it will be discussed thoroughly before taking any action in this regard. Hopefully, things will start on the ground in a short period.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889842", "title": "Chaksu murder case: Tonk police team attacked", "text": "JAIPUR: A police team, which had gone to round up some suspects in the Chaksu murder case, was attacked at Tonk's Malpura police station area on Thursday. Two of the suspects belonging to Mongya tribe were arrested on charges of attacking the team. However, they will be quizzed for their role in the Chaksu murders also. In an FIR registered in this regard, the officers claimed that they had gone to arrest three people following a tip-off from Jaipur police.Now, the police are looking at robbery as a motive behind the murder of four members of a family including three children which occurred at Chaksu's Manoharpura village. Earlier, the Jaipur police had ruled out the possibility of robbery being the reason for the crime. On April 16, the bodies Shrigari Devi and her three grandchildren - Ramji Lal (13), Keshanta (10) and Kavita (8) - were found in their house and in a farm nearby. Their throats were slit. The police said all the three children were attacked in their sleep. Ramji Lal even woke up after being attacked and ran outside the house, but collapsed due to excessive bleeding and died.\"We had got a tip-off from the Jaipur police that some people from Mongya tribe might be involved in the murders. A similar crime had taken place in Tonk also. So a team of SHO Toda Shyam Meena and three constables - Rambhajan, Shankar Lal and Ram Kumar - had gone to round up some suspects,\" a senior police officer told TOI.The officer said that when the three suspects were spotted, they tried to flee from the spot. They were chased. However, they suddenly retaliated and fired some rounds at the police team. They even beat up a constable.\"Two of them were arrested while one managed to escape. Some firearms were also found on the spot,\" said the officer.Earlier, the police had said that property disputes or some personal rivalry could be the motive behind the brutal murders in Chaksu.SP, Tonk, S Parimala said that the team from Toda police station was assisting the Jaipur police. Commissioner of police BL Soni said that some teams of Jaipur police are in Tonk to probe the murders.Rising attacks on police teamsApril 26: Police team attacked in Tonk's Malpura police station areaApril 24: Over a dozen men fired 30 bullets in the air and freed four prisoners from police custody at Tijara court in AlwarApril 24: Three men attacked an undertrial under police custody at Mandsore in Pratapgarh. One of the attackers was killed, while two others escapedApril 21: Some smuggles opened fire at a police team in Rajsamand's Devgarh. One constable got injuredApril 20: Two policemen threatened by criminals with guns in Jaipur's Muralipura areaApril 19: Smugglers opened fire at a police team in Barmer's Sivana area. Three villagers trying to help the police were injuredApril 17: A group of criminals attacked the police at Mehandipur Balaji junction in Dausa and freed an undertrial prisoner. They kidnapped a constable also", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12894993", "title": "Gangs of Wasseypur is full of action, says Anurag", "text": "While Anurag Kashyap's next film Gangs of Wasseypur is all set to be showcased at the Cannes, not many know that this will be director's first move into the so called realm of 'commercial' cinema. Unlike his previous outings 'Dev D' and 'That Girl In Yellow Boots', where he dealt with the grey shades, this time his film is an out and out revenge drama.Says the director, \"Gangs of Wasseypur is my first no holds barred, all out mainstream commercial film albeit without the big stars. It's funny, sad and full of action. I was lucky to chance upon this story. It's the world that I saw through Zeishan Quadri, one of the co-writer and one of the leads of the film, who told me these various stories from Wasseypur, some of them epic, some so funny and some strangely mundane, that made me want to make this film.\"The film is set against backdrop of Wasseypur, a small town near Dhanbad in Jharkhand and deals with the tale of revenge that runs deep within families and according to sources from the film almost unfolds like the epic Mahabharat and Ramayan. Says Anurag, \"It's a family drama, which is set across three generations and six decades. It's an epic revenge drama, where we have fictionalised the facts. The universal appeal of the subject attracted me. It's a world that India has never before seen on the big screen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "panaji/mapusa", "code": "12886383", "title": "Panchayat elections: 192 file papers in Tiswadi", "text": "PANAJI/MAPUSA: A total of 192 nominations for the forthcoming panchayat elections were filed from Tiswadi on Thursday.Two nominations from Batim, 13 from Chimbel, 14 from Curca-Bambolim-Talaulim, five from Neura, 13 from Merces, 10 from St Cruz, five from Siridao-Palem, seven from St Andre (Goa Velha) and seven from St Lawrence (Agassaim) were received by the office of Mamlatdar accepting nominations from Tiswadi I.From Tiswadi II, eight nominations from Azossim-Mandur, 17 from Carambolim, five from Chodan-Madel, eight from Corlim, 10 from Cumbharjua, six from Goltim-Navelim, four from St Matias, 10 from Se-Old Goa and two from St Estevam were received.Filling of nominations for the panchayat elections in Bardez crossed the 800 mark on the fourth day. All together 33 panchayats which includes 255 wards will go for polls in Bardez taluka.In Colvale panchayat, seven members have filed their nominations on the fourth day, Revora and Marna saw four members, six members in Pirna village panchayat, 20 in Guirim and Tivim panchayat, eight in Sirsaim panchayat, and nine in Assonora, Moira and Nachinola, 11 in Bastora and Aldona panchayat, and five in Uccasaim-Paliem panchayat.Oxel village panchayat saw 11 nominees along with Arpora, Camurlim and Nadora. Twenty nominations were filed in Anjuna panchayat, 14 members in Assagao, 19 members in Socorro, five members in Parra panchayat, 24 members in Verla panchayat and 12 members in Pomburpa village panchayat.Candolim panchayat received 30 nominees, followed by Penha de Franca with 27 nominees, Reis Magos with 24 nominees, Salvador do Mundo, Sangolda and Pilerne-Marra panchayats each with 13 nominees. While Saligao and Nerul both with 12 nominees.At the end of day four, Bardez taluka saw a total of 828 nominations from all the village panchayats from all the categories including women, OBC and general.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889835", "title": "Youth, 5 minors held for sodomy, making MMS", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a shocking incident, five juveniles and a 19-year-old boy were arrested for abducting and sodomizing an eight-year-old on Thursday.The booked juveniles and youth had also made an obscene MMS of the child and circulated it among their friends.The incident took place in the quarters of Class IV employees of Panjab University five days ago. SHO of police station 11, Gurmukh Singh, said the FIR was registered when the incident was reported by a family member of victim.The 19-year old arrested youth has been identified as Vijay and a cellphone, which was reportedly used for making the MMS, was seized from his possession.The five juveniles and Vijay are residents of PU campus and their parents are employees of the university.Sources said family members of victim stated that their child was playing outside their house when he was taken by a group of five children. Later, they physically exploited him and made an obscene MMS.The arrested boys have been sent to juvenile home in Sector 25 and Vijay would be produced before the district courts, Sector 17, on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12888197", "title": "Sessions court denies bail to CPM MP Lakshman Seth", "text": "KOLKATA: The sessions court in Tamluk, East Midnapore, has turned down the bail plea of former CPM MP Lakshman Seth on Thursday. While his associate Amiya Sahu's bail plea has been rejected on Wednesday, another CPM leader Ashok Guria's bail prayer will come up for hearing on Friday.Though, Seth's lawyers contended that he was a creator and social worker, it had little impact on the sessions judge.Lakshman's lawyers contended that Laxman Seth is a 'creator' and a 'social worker' but this had little effect on the sessions court in Tamluk, East Midnapore, where the CPM strongman and former MP applied for bail on Thursday. Seth's bail plea was turned down by the sessions judge just as Amiya Sahu's had been on Wednesday. CPM leader Ashok Guria's bail plea will come up for hearing on Friday.On April 24, four CPM leaders had moved for bail before the ACJM's court in Haldia. After Ajit Bar's bail plea was rejected, their lawyers pleaded for an adjournment till May 10. The lawyers then decided to seek bail for Sahu, Seth and Guria separately before the sessions court.\"We opposed both Sahu's and Seth's bail prayers. We shall also oppose Guria's bail plea on Friday. After all, they are the main conspirators in the November 10, 2007 incident, after which seven Bhumi Ucched Pratirod Committee members went missing from Sonachura in Nandigram. We contended that Sahu, Seth or Guria can't be granted bail as they had ignored summons earlier and had fled after warrants of arrest were issued against them. We told the court that we fear that they will abscond if granted bail,\" said special public prosecutor Syed Shamsher Ali.The prosecution told the court that Seth and the others held a meeting at their party office on November 4, 2007. A couple of days later, the police camp was removed from the Tekhali bridge in Nandigram. According to the prosecution, the state had not ordered removal of the camp but the CPM leaders had used their 'immense clout' to clear the area of the cops. On November 10, 2007, CPM workers attacked 2 BUPC rallies at Sonachura after which 42 went missing, the prosecution submitted in court. While 35 of them returned later, there is still no information about the remaining seven.\"Initially, the CID had investigated the matter. Recently, the Calcutta high court ordered it to reinvestigate the matter after relatives of the seven moved a habeas corpus. The CID named 88 accused, including Sahu, Seth and Guria. Summons and warrants were issued but those were ignored. Finally, the three were arrested in Mumbai and brought back to West Bengal. Seventy one of the accused are still absconding, so the three conspirators shouldn't be granted bail,\" Ali told the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12892904", "title": "Allahabad University shut till Monday after violence", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad University has been closed till Monday in the wake of clashes between police and students agitating over the issue of eviction of hostellers that left several persons injured and the premises vandalised.\"In view of the prevailing situation, it has been decided that the university shall remain closed on Friday and Saturday and reopen on Monday\", the university's Chief Proctor Mata Amber Tiwari said.Violence erupted on the campus last night with police using batons and hurling tear shells to quell a group of agitating students who went on a rampage. About 20 students were admitted to nearby hospitals with injuries.Trouble had been brewing for the last few days following a direction issued by the university authorities to evict those living in the hostels immediately after the exams for the ongoing academic session get over.Tiwari said the university \"will go ahead with its eviction drive in the interest of genuine students who suffer on account of unauthorized occupants\".\"All hostellers had been asked to vacate by the end of the academic year 2011-2012. There has been a demand that those preparing for competitive exams be given a couple of months' time so that their preparations do not suffer.\"We will identify the genuine students and may give them some relief but illegal occupants will not be spared at any cost\", the Chief Proctor asserted.He also said, \"We are in the process of identifying those who were actively involved in yesterday's violence and arson. Many of them could be outsiders staying in the hostels illegally. Some of them could be students spoiled by bad company.\"We will not tolerate such indiscipline and will lodge an FIR against the guilty persons besides taking appropriate disciplinary action\".Meanwhile, a huge deployment of police remains in place in the sprawling university premises to prevent any fresh outbreak of violence though no arrests have been made so far in connection with yesterday's violence.A number of students, including girls, had been staging demonstrations outside the office of the Vice-Chancellor demanding that they be given a few months' time as a number of competitive exams were around the corner and search for a new accommodation would affect their preparations.However, the University administration had adopted a tough stance and pointed out that the move was essential to rid the hostels of a number of \"unauthorised occupants\" who had been staying there despite having passed out many years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892374", "title": "Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani sign Tiger", "text": "Speculations over Jackie and Ayesha Shroff's son Tiger's Bollywood debut are finally over. And it is not Subhash Ghai or Mahesh Bhatt or Aamir Khan who will launch the young actor.Mirror has learnt that Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani have cast Tiger in Excel Entertainment's film to be directed by Talaash maker Reema Kagti. Farhan's sister Zoya Akhtar and Reema will script the action-oriented love story. The film will go on floors by end of 2012 or early next year.Earlier, it was reported that Tiger will be introduced to filmdom by the same showman who had once discovered his father Jackie Shroff . In fact, Subhash Ghai was supposed to cast Tiger in the remake of the Jackie starrer 1983 blockbuster Hero.At the time, reminiscing about his own launch, doting daddy Jackie has said, \"Tiger has it all laid out in front of him. When I had come into the industry, I had no one to guide me. If Subhashji didn't give me a break, I wonder what would've happened to me.\"For his son, though Subhashji failed to do the honours, good friend Aamir Khan has. Aamir, who has remained close to Jackie since they worked together in Ram Gopal Varma's Rangeela, is quite fond of Tiger. According to source close to Excel, Aamir has taken the young actor under his wings.In fact, Tiger is often spotted at Aamir's residence in Bandra where he hits the gym with the older actor. According to a friend of Tiger, he loves to work out and has been training in a few forms of martial arts for his debut venture as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12887989", "title": "Governor to meet Bhangar teachers", "text": "KOLKATA: Governor M K Narayanan has agreed to meet the aggrieved teachers of Bhangar College on Friday, indicating his willingness to intervene in the matter. However, the chief minister and higher education minister refused to give an appointment to the teachers.A lady teacher of the college was injured in an alleged assault by Trinamool leader Arabul Islam in the staff room on Wednesday. The party denies the charge.A government source said that a high-level inquiry has been carried out into the allegation. \"The probe revealed that of the five seats from the college in the Wbcuta election, the CPM and Trinamool won two each. There was a contention over the fifth seat. Trinamool was sure to win it. The entire incident was staged to stall this. We have spoken to independent witnesses who confirmed that there was no assault but a heated exchange of words. However, if the teacher lodges a complaint we will investigate it,\" the source said.Bhangar College was still tense on Thursday. Very few students and teachers were seen. Just beyond the campus, there were posters with the ominous words 'lal mukho adhyapokra college chharo' (red-faced professors, leave the college).The Trinamool took out a rally in support of Arabul, former Trinamool MLA and president of the college governing body.Malika Sen, a teacher of the college said, \"We feel assured as the governor has agreed to meet us.\"Debjani Dey, the assaulted teacher, is yet to lodge a complaint. \"I don't feel safe. I am not sure that I won't be attacked more severely the next time. But I am reassured by the number of phone calls I have received from my students and locals who know me as teacher,\" she said. Arabul, however, has filed a complaint claiming an \"organized attempt to defame him and discredit the government.\" \"I am clear in my conscience. I did not throw the jug at her. It is a conspiracy by CPM,\" he said. Arabul plans a torch-rally of 7,000 students, teachers and guardians at Bhangar. against this conspiracy. \"I am not saying anything. People know who I am and what I can do. This is a political conspiracy against the Trinamool government. People know how to defeat it,\" said Arabul, a former MLA of BhangarEven though no formal police picket was placed in the college, the district administration positioned plainclothes police personnel in the campus to avoid any untoward incident.Principal Nani Gopal Barik echoed Arabul. \"It is a motivated campaign against me. I was on campus on the day of the incident. to say that I am absent from the college at this trying time. I was on campus on the day of the incident. Yesterday, I was away for sometime on a Calcutta University inspection. The incident happened between noon and 1 p.m. At 4 p.m., I received a letter signed by 19 teachers who expressed their concern about their security.Nowhere in the letter was there any mention of a jug being hurled at Debjani Dey. If she was at all injured, I could have got her treated by the college doctor,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888788", "title": "New alignment to make port expressway white elephant", "text": "CHENNAI: With talks between state and Central officials failing to end the stalemate over alleged violation of alignment for the Chennai Port-Maduravoyal elevated corridor, National Highways Authority of India officials say the project is likely to incur huge additional costs for a new alignment.The firm, which has been granted the project, has spent 500 crore to complete 15% of the corridor near Koyambedu, Maduravoyal and Chetpet areas. It is now likely to demand \"idling charges\" from the centre and state for the delay in progress, said NHAI officials.They insist that this may run into crores of rupees and that the modification demanded by the state Public Works Department may not even be possible. A day after talks between state chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi and Union transport and highways secretary A K Upadhyay failed to break the impasse, NHAI officials went into a huddle to discuss the additional costs the project would incur because of the modifications. The PWD issued a notice to NHAI last month accusing it of deviating from the permitted alignment and directed it to stop work immediately. \"Now, the alteration in the alignment that the state is demanding may run into crores of rupees and both the Centre and the state have to shell out the money as per the tender agreement. This does not benefit the Union government or the state,\" said a NHAI source. The authority insists that CRZ clearances had been obtained during the previous DMK regime and 1,300 families in Chetpet had been shifted so far. There are about 6,100 families yet to be relocated from Cooum between Chindadripet and Koyambedu. The earlier estimated cost of the project is Rs 1,815 crore including costs to relocate the families living along the project alignment.The contract firm, Soma Enterprises, has provided a width of eight metre in between the pillars along the Cooum as requested by the PWD, and the project was given a go-ahead by the departments, including the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority, Chennai Corporation, state highways and southern railways. In fact, the general alignment for the railway crossing at MRTS near Chindadripet and suburban line near Nungambakkam railway station was approved by the southern railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888298", "title": "Not a spysat, but Risat can do surveillance: Isro", "text": "CHENNAI: India's space horse Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) proved its might for the 20th time in a row on Thursday, with PSLV- C19 injecting India's first indigenous microwave Risat into orbit nearly 18 minutes after blastoff from the Sriharikota launch pad. At 1858kg, Risat I is the heaviest payload carried by PSLV so far.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh lauded the launch and the department of space. He had on Wednesday told Parliament that the C-band radar can \"image various parts of the country, including border areas\". To queries if India had launched a spy satellite, Isro chief Radhakrishnan said, \"This is not a spy satellite.\" But he added that the satellite can \"do day and night surveillance which optical sensing satellites cannot. Optical sensing satellites use illumination from the sun to take images of earth. So those satellites cannot be used at night or during bad weather.\"Risat I is to be followed by a geoimaging satellite (Gisat) that will provide \"near real-time pictures of large areas\". Risat I will transmit pictures only during passage over India, while Gisat will deliver data on \"areas of interest...sector wise imaging every five minutes and entire Indian land surface every 30 minutes at a 50 metre resolution\".\"This is a grand success,\" said Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan. \"The satellite reached an orbit of 470km-480km as targeted. In the next three days, it will be pushed to an altitude of 536km and will soon enter a polar sun-synchronous orbit,\" he said.Soon after the satellite separated from the rocket, the solar panel was deployed and the 6m synthetic radar antenna panel weighing 230kg opened. \"It is pointing to the earth,\" Radhakrishnan said. \"It will start sending images from May 1.\"Risat I will also be used for agriculture imaging and to study floods. \"It will be useful because some parts of the country are perennially cloudy and flooded. The satellite can give an estimation of the area under cultivation and flood within one hour of the calamity. It can also provide details of soil moisture, forest biomass, coral reef and other geological aspects,\" said the Isro director. The satellite can cover the entire globe.The satellite will supplement results of the Israel-made Risat II, which has been sending data since April 2009. Information from remote sensing satellites is used by different government agencies. Now, such information will be available to users within an hour of an image being taken while earlier, the data used to be available only 21 days later.Isro rakes in Rs 45 crore per year through information-sharing with other government departments. More than 80,000 pages of data are downloaded by authorized users every year. Radhakrishnan said the satellite cost Rs 378 crore, while PSLV cost Rs 110 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12890122", "title": "Lae team celebrates victory in Antakshari", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was time for a celebration as Deepali Gupta resident of Raj Guru Nagar, Sonia Bansal resident of Dandi Swami Chowk Civil Lines and Saroj Bhakoo resident of Ghumar Mandi, won the Antakshari competition that was organized by Lakshmi Ladies Club.Sonia Bansal, said, ''Four teams - Sur, Lae, Taal and Sangam - participated in the antakshri competition. We were a part of the Lae Team and I was heading it. We did not miss a single chance and all of us coordinated together to clinch the winning position.''''The show which was anchored by the Pammi Sidhu, who is a club member, was greatly appreciated by the audience. There is nothing like winning a competition and we were on cloud nine after receiving the first prize,'' said, Deepali Gupta.Saroj Bankoo said, ''We won because all of us worked as a team. Besides, its always better if team mates are good friends and gell well with each other.''Among the audience, Sangeet Marwaha, a resident of Rishi Nagar, said,''The competition was great fun. All of us sitting in the audience also sang along with the teams and enjoyed the show.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12889412", "title": "Electric shock in hostel kills tribal student", "text": "Keonjhar: A 12-year-old tribal student was killed by electric shock in SC/ST department-run Kadakala High School, under Banspal block on Wednesday evening.The Class VI student was identified as Gurucharan Munda, a resident of Nuagaon village. According to police, Gurucharan was electrocuted while climbing on to his cot at night in the school hostel when he accidentally touched the solar light wire hanging near his bed.Gurucharan was rushed to Keonjhar district headquarter hospital, where he was declared dead. \"The student died of electrocution. A postmortem has been conducted. We are investigating the incident and have registered an UD case,\" said Nayakote police station IIC S K Kisan.Parents of the deceased student alleged the accident took place due to the negligence of the school authorities.\"Assistant district welfare officer is inquiring into the incident. After investigation action will be taken against those found guilty,\" said district welfare officer Basanta Kumar Sethy.There are about 430 students in the hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12889044", "title": "Mumbai airport demands 500% hike in charges", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai airport is set to follow in Delhi's footsteps by increasing airport charges. The Airport Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) would consider Mumbai airport's demand over the next two months to raise charges by around 500%.Airlines, struggling to keep operations going, will have no choice but to pass on the hike to passengers, industry sources said, predicting a hike of at least 15% in fares once AERA clears the increase in airport fee for Mumbai. On Wednesday, AERA allowed a 345% hike in airport landing and parking charges, or user development fee (UDF), at Delhi's IGI Airport over the next two years.AERA would now be considering a proposal by the Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL) to increase its UDF. As per preliminary estimates made by the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA), the UDF hike at Mumbai airport is likely to be higher than in Delhi.CAPA estimates that once Mumbai also gets a sanction to charge a higher fee, the price of the Delhi-Mumbai-Delhi ticket would go up by 16-20%. \"A Delhi-Mumbai return trip fare is likely to go up by Rs 1,600 to 2,000. We expect Mumbai's tariff to be higher than Delhi,\" said Kapil Kaul, CEO, subcontinent and Middle East, CAPA.\"We expect flying costs to be severe in the near term due to continuing high fuel prices, rupee depreciation, increase in service tax and hike in airport fee,\" Kaul said.Tour operators concurred, saying travellers will have to shell out at least 20% more in the next four to five months. International travellers would also be paying Rs 2,000-3,500 more for flying in and out of Mumbai once AERA sanctions a UDF for the airport.Mumbai airport has already got the go-ahead to charge an airport development fee of Rs 100 from domestic flyers and Rs 600 for international flights from May1.\"Service tax has already pushed fares up by15% for both domestic and international destinations. Now, with the airport tariff hike, cash-strapped airlines will be forced to charge the passenger more,\" a Fort-based travel agent said. \"Many airlines may even pull out operations from the airports if the costs get too high,\" he added. A MIAL spokesperson said Mumbai airp-ort's proposal for UDF was under consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12893003", "title": "RGV talks himself into trouble, again", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma's Department is slowly turning into a controversy magnet. On April 25, we told you how Hyderbad based producer Kiran Kumar Koneru is miffed with the filmmaker.Also, his two leading ladies, Anjaana Sukhani and Laxmi Manchu haven't taken too well to the fact that Ramu has been promoting item girl Natalia Kaur and not them. And now, the filmmaker has developed differences with the co-producer Dharam Oberoi. Mirror has learnt that a couple of days back, while shooting at Filmcity, Ramu and Dharam had a verbal showdown over an action sequence starring Sanjay Dutt.A source from the sets told us, \"The unit was shooting on the helipad in Filmcity. Dutt wasn't too happy shooting there. He wanted the backdrop to be of a mill. But due to some permission problem, the unit ended up shooting at Filmcity. Dutt did not like the makeshift arrangement and wanted to leave. Ramu, on the other hand, was eager to wrap up the shoot since the film is set for a May 18 release.\"The fight began when Ramu went to talk to Dutt and found Dharam sitting in the actor's car. \"Ramu asked Dharam to leave. Of course, the coproducer did not like it. And thus began a verbal duel. The pitch became higher until the entire crew was shocked,\" added the source.The fight however proved futile. Dutt refused to shoot and walked out of the sets. Needless to say, the day's work got cancelled. In fact, the same scene was shot the next day at Madhusudan Mills in Parel.When contacted, Dharam Oberoi chose to deny the news and said, \"Ramu is working very hard. He is shooting by day and editing in the night. He is extremely committed and we had no differences. Sometimes there are creative issues but there was no showdown as such.\"When contacted Ramu denied having showdowns ever. \"I never have a showdown with anyone. It is not my temperament. Right now, I am too busy with the final stages of Department. I have no time to answer such questions,\" said the filmmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12886512", "title": "Gudlar moves high court for bail", "text": "PANAJI: Suspended police sub-inspector Sunil Gudlar, arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) investigating the alleged police-drug mafia nexus, has now moved the high court of Bombay at Goa challeging a lower court's order rejecting his bail application.Gudlar had been arrested by the CBI for violations under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance (NDPS) Act and Prevention of Corruption Act for falsely filing a fake complaint against the accused, David Dirham alias Dudu, under the NDPS Act.On April 7, the NDPS court had rejected the bail application filed by Gudlar by holding that the applicant was not entitled to be released on bail at this stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12887964", "title": "Youth held for making obscene calls", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 22-year-old man was arrested from Malumichampatti on the outskirts of the city on Thursday for repeatedly harassing a college girl by sending her obscene messages and making abusive phone calls to her close relatives. The youth was identified as S Kannan, hailing from Mukkani near Thoothukudi.Kannan had been harassing the girl for the last 11 months and the cyber crime cell of Coimbatore City Police arrested him on Thursday. According to police, the youth had studied only up to class 7. He had come to Coimbatore two years ago and worked in a grocery shop in Malumichampatty, delivering goods to residents in the neighbourhood. During one such delivery, he met a woman college student and became infatuated with her. When his attempts to woo her failed, he started sending obscene messages to her brother and uncles to harass her. As her brother and uncles were engaged in supplying water through tanker trucks, he got their numbers as it was posted on their vehicles.An uncle who lives in Gandhipuram told police that he had received more than abusive 17 calls in the last 11 months. Kannan, who lived just 500 meters away from the girl's house, had 15 SIM cards, all of which have been seized by the police. He has been remanded in judicial custody at Coimbatore Central Prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889913", "title": "UT okays extension of community centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh administration has given its consent to extend the community centre building in Sector 15 so that marriages and other functions can be held there. The matter has been hanging fire for the last over one year.Presently the community centre building, situated near the Sector 15 market, is very small and has not been made much use of for the last over one year due to poor infrastructure and sanitary conditions. Though the area under the community centre is quite big but a large part of it was earmarked for the Red Cross building years ago, which is why the MC could not extend the community centre building.Giving details, city mayor Rajbala Malik said, \"Now the Red Cross building will be shifted to Sector 28 and we have received an official communication from the town planning department of the UT administration. The development will help residents to organize functions like marriages in a proper manner with adequate space being made available.\"Surinder Sharma, president of the residents welfare association of the sector said, \"The present building is very small and can hardly accommodate 150 people at a given time. As the Red Cross building is within the community centre's boundary, so people have been avoiding organizing functions there. We are eagerly awaiting shifting of the Red Cross building.\"There is only one municipal corporation community centre in the area for organizing functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12893487", "title": "Lok Sabha adjourned amid opposition demand for Chidambaram\u2019s resignation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Lok Sabha was adjourned till noon today after opposition uproar over demand for dismissal of Home Minister P Chidambaram in the wake of allegations against his son Karti's investments in a telecom company.As soon as the Lok Sabha met, BJP members were on their feet demanding Chidambaram's dismissal.\"Chidambaram has indulged in massive corruption. He should be dismissed as home minister immediately,\" BJP leader Yashwant Sinha said.The home minister was not present in the House. Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy had yesterday levelled fresh allegations against Chidambaram, accusing him of delaying permission for the sale of Aircel to Malaysia- based Maxis in 2006 when he was finance minister so that his son Karti was financially benefited.JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav and his party members were on their feet raising issues related to farmers, while Ramesh Rathod (TDP) was seen waving a placard demanding a separate Telangana state.Speaker Meira Kumar took up the Question Hour even as Opposition members continued to raise slogans.With the Speaker determined to continue with the Question Hour, Opposition members trooped into the Well and began raising slogans.Several members of the Treasury benches were seen waving the list of Questions at the agitating members signalling them to go back to their seats.Amid din, she adjourned the House till noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12890147", "title": "21-year-old man found dead on road, family alleges murder", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ankush, 21, was found dead in Ladhowal area on Thursday morning. While police claim that the cause of the death was a road accident, victim's family allege that their son was murdered.Ankush left his house on motorcycle on Wednesday night, for attending a marriage party but did not return. When his family started searching for him, they found his body lying on the road along with his damaged motorcycle.According to sources in police, Ankush's feet were badly injured. Deceased was resident of Amarpura and was a salesman by profession. Ankush's father, Inderpal told police that a few days back their son had a scuffle with some persons and he alleged that he was killed by them. SHO Ladhowal, Gurpreet Singh said, ''It seems that Ankush became a victim of road accident and was hit by some heavy vehicle. Nevertheless we would investigate the matter.'' A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12888890", "title": "All three in fray, test for coalition dharma", "text": "RANCHI: Elections for the two Rajya Sabha seats became inevitable on Thursday, the last date for withdrawal of candidature, as none out of the three candidates has withdrawn their names.Now, legislators of 81-member assembly would cast their votes on May 3 to send two candidates out of Pradeep Balmuchu (Congress), S S Ahluwalia (BJP) and Sanjeev Kumar (JMM) to the Upper House. While the Congress and JMM have retained their candidates, the BJP has come up with its candidate this time and JVM(P) did not field anyone. After cancellation of the March 30 Rajya Sabha elections on recommendations of the Election Commission , independent candidates are not in the fray which has been a common feature of the assembly on previous occasions.The JVM(P)'s announcement to abstain from the election process was likely to give a breather to the ruling coalition as the BJP and JMM having 18 members each. However, deputy chief minister Hemant Soren's letter to BJP president Nitin Gadkari , calling upon the BJP to withdraw its candidate, and initiative of independent MLAs Bandhu Tirky and Chamra Linda to meet the PM with their demand in return of support to Congress candidate in the elections has made equations tough.Soren accused the BJP of going all alone in the elections. \"We have retained our candidate and expect the BJP to support him to uphold the spirit of coalition politics,\" he said. Justifying his letter to Gadkari, Soren said the BJP is a national party and all major decisions are taken at the central level. \"We have apprised the BJP of our stand and in case it is not ready to honour coalition politics the outcome may go against the state's interest,\" he said.Chief minister Arjun Munda said, \"It will be premature and uncalled for me to comment on the talks that the two leaders are having\". Munda, however, rebuffed any possible threat to the coalition government.BJP insiders feel that the party had already delayed holding talks with the coalition partners and independent candidates and the situation may turn against the interests of the party. The fear gained momentum after Linda, who has been supporting the Munda government, went to meet PM Manmohan Singh along with Tirkey and assured to support the Congress if the matter of Sarna religion code is introduced in the census data. The duo formed a part of the 10-member committee that also included former Rajya Sabha Congress MP Dheeraj Sahu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889876", "title": "Nod for Right to Hearing and Transparency in Public Procurement Bills", "text": "JAIPUR: The budget session of Rajasthan assembly was adjourned sine die on Thursday after two major bills - Rajasthan Right to Hearing Bill, 2012 and Rajasthan Transparency in Public Procurement Bill, 2012 - were passed in the House.The state government also tabled Rajasthan Rehabilitation of Beggars and Indigents Bill, 2012 while the Rajasthan Water Resources Regulatory Bill, 2012 was sent to the assembly's select committee for further study on demand of the Opposition.As the debate on the bills began in the house, deputy leader of Opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari raised the issue of sending the Water Resources Regulatory Bill to the select committee, saying it needed to be studied further due to its limitations. \"Each clause in the bill needs to be studied in detail and there is much scope for amendment and further improvement. The state government should not get it passed in a hurried manner. Send it to the select committee, a delay of six months is better than hurrying through it,'' said Tiwari. Following the opposition's demand, the bill was sent to the select committee following a voice vote.The Right to Hearing Bill aims at providing citizens an opportunity of hearing on their complaint related to governance. The state government will appoint a public hearing officer, first and second appellate authority and revision authority.The bill has provisions for establishment of information and facilitation centre including citizen care centre and help desk for effective implementation. The complainant can appeal to the first appellate authority against the decision of public hearing officer if he is not satisfied.The Rajasthan Transparency in Public Procurement Act shall apply to all public procurement carried out by public procuring entities. At present, public procurement in the state is governed by administrative rules and procedures.The bill has provision for the State Procurement Portal in which it will be mandatory to publish all the information on this single portal by all the procuring authorities. All works, goods and services valued for more than an amount as may be prescribed by the government should be procured only through e-procurement. It provides for a State Procurement Facilitation Cell.Both the bills have provisions for penalty.The budget session in the state assembly commenced on February 27 and was held in three phases, with chief minister Ashok Gehlot presenting the budget on March 26. Several important bills were passed during the session including the Rajasthan Laws (Amendment) Bill 2012, Rajasthan Special Courts Bill, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12888378", "title": "High court refuses to budge on sand mining ban in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Making it clear to the state government that it will not allow the circumvention of the direction given by the Supreme Court for protecting river beds from indiscriminate exploitation, the AP high court on Thursday refused to vacate the stay imposed on sand mining in the state.This despite relentless efforts by the state to get the order vacated. \"Just because it is uncomfortable for the state, it cannot be allowed to be diluted,\" the bench comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and justice PV Sanjay Kumar said in its 36-page order.As per the directive of the apex court, sand mining now requires proper assessment of environmental impact and also a prior nod from the Union forest and environment ministry. It was this directive that the HC bench declined to tinker with.The bench, while hearing a public interest petition filed by some residents of Guntur district, had earlier stayed sand mining all over the state from April 1, 2012 and made it mandatory for the state to obtain prior permission from the court to allow sand mining on even a single hectare.Chief Justice Lokur, who wrote the order, came down heavily on the state government for turning a blind eye to the issue, despite a serious environmental impact being caused by sand mining.\"Can we permit the degradation of the environment or the exploitation of the natural resources to such an extent where the concept of sustainable development becomes an impossibility?\"Should our future generations pay for our inaction? It is essential to ensure that there is no rampant or unregulated exploitation of natural resources\" he said.Referring to minister Galla Aruna Kumari's generosity towards one Narasimha Reddy, a sand contractor from Adilabad, the CJ said that statutory functionaries seemed to be turning a blind eye to illegal quarrying of sand instead of rigourously implementing the law.It can be recalled that the court noticed the waiver of over Rs 1.5 crore dues awarded by the minister to the sand contractor. \"It is unfortunate that such authorities (the minister in this case) are ignoring their quasi judicial obligations and shirking their responsibility,\" the CJ said.The bench, in its order, further said: \"We have seen in these cases that large stretches of riverbeds have been auctioned away by the state government for several years ignoring the environment impact assessment notification issued on September 14, 2006. In fact the counsel for a contractor submitted before us that some auctioned reaches extend up to about 100 hectares. We have been given absolutely no explanation for this wanton exploitation. The state in all likelihood would continue to ignore the notification and would go ahead with its attitude. Therefore, it became necessary for us to step in.\"The bench called for a greater degree of transparency both in notifying reaches and about credentials of the contractors who bag such auctions. \"The reports of the ground water department are extremely perfunctory and they do not suggest the impact of sand quarrying on the environment or on the bio-diversity nor would they suggest any safeguards to minimize damage,\" the bench said. The enormous gap between the upset price and the auctioned price of the sand reaches is also inexplicable, the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887956", "title": "NMC gets demo of Dredge utility machine to remove hyacinth from Godavari", "text": "NASHIK: The officials of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) were given a presentation of a dredge utility machine by the representatives of Kam-Avida Enviro Engineers Pvt Ltd, for clearing water hyacinth in River Godavari. Officials of the NMC, though impressed, said that they would think of alternatives first.Water hyacinth that has been multiplying along the river bed despite being scooped out frequently throughout the year by the NMC. It has been the concern of the officials and the corporators particularly because of the NMC intends to implement its prestigious river front development project. On Wednesday, the representatives of Kam-Avida Enviro Engineers Pvt Ltd gave a power point presentation to the officials of the NMC.\"The machine is like a JCB that is floating. It can scoop 0.25 cubic meter at a time and has an engine of 76 hp. The river can be cleared of water hyacinth once in three months,\" informed a representative, Nilesh Supekar. The machine that costs Rs 80 lakhs is being used only in Chennai and Delhi.The officials though impressed with the functioning of the dredge utility machine said that the NMC was not in a position to buy the machine now. So they were trying to find out alternatives for clearing the water hyacinth.One of the officials who were present during the presentation said that the machine is very efficient but the NMC may not be in a position to buy it at present. \"We might give the job of cleaning water hyacinth to some agency by floating a tender. If the agency feels it necessary it may buy the machine from the company,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12887990", "title": "Man held for robbing 70-year-old woman", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 42-year-old man was arrested on Thursday for robbing a 70-year-old woman of three and a half sovereigns of gold jewels after tying her hands and legs with a saree. The incident occurred on Monday night at Sundarapuram near here. The issue evoked alarm in the locality as the woman was badly injured on the right side of her ear when the robber attempted to steal her gold ear stud.The robber was identified as A Senthil Kumar, a resident of Pillaiyarpuram. According to police, K Kamalam was living alone and around 12 noon on Monday, Senthil Kumar came to her house and introduced himself as one Nagaraj, a painter from Pillaiyarpuram. He asked for a cup of tea and Rs 100 for bus expenses and Kamalam obliged to his requests. On the same night, during the power outage, he entered Kamalam's home and tied her limbs to rob her. He got away with a gold chain and gold ear studs she was wearing.On Tuesday around 6 am, Kamalam's son K Ramakrishnan, who lived at LIC colony in Sundarapuram, went to visit his mother and found her tied up with injuries. He immediately alerted the Podanur police.Inspector (crime) S Mariamuthu and his team rushed to the spot and conducted an inquiry with the old woman. Based on the information gathered from her, police searched Pillaiyarpuram and nabbed the culprit.Senthil Kumar has been remanded on judicial custody on Thursday evening to Coimbatore Central Prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12889200", "title": "Door-to-door collection of garbage: Poor show in cityArera, Shivaji Nagar", "text": "BHOPAL: The door-to-door garbage collection scheme seems to have lost steam even before gaining a momentum in Arera Colony and Shivaji Nagar localities where, according to the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) 750 persons are deployed to perform the job.The BMC is claiming about 3,000 employees have been collecting garbage from Anand Nagar, Govindpura, Shivaji Nagar and Arera Colony. They collect more than 600 metric tonne of garbage and dump it on the city outskirts.However, the facility is barely visible. In some areas, the door-to-door garbage collection vehicle, which is scheduled to arrive at about 8 am reaches around 12 noon. That is the time when most residents have already left for their working place. The BMC charges Re one per day from each household for the service. \"Since we all are working, we have to leave the house at 10 am. We cannot wait for a van to come for collecting garbage and leave for work,\" Shraddha Dahiya, a resident of Bharti Niketan, said.\"The BMC staff not only arrives late, but also misbehaves when asked to arrive on time. Last week when I requested the person collecting garbage to arrive a little early, he shouted at me\", Shweta Sharma, a resident of Arera Colony, said.\"We have only heard that the corporation has begun the scheme in our locality. But no one comes at doorstep to collect garbage,\" Anil Tiwari, a resident of Shivaji Nagar said. \"We learnt about the scheme only after we were charged for it,\" he added. Currently, around 12 auto-rickshaws converted into garbage collecting vehicles and 80 cycle-rickshaws have been collecting garbage from 55,000 houses in the city.\"Looking to the response, we have ordered 100 more garbage collection vehicles from Jaipur. The vehicles are likely to come in a month,\" deputy commissioner Pramod Shukla said.The BMC had started the scheme in Anand Nagar (ward 63) on an experimental basis in 2011. Later, the facility was extended to Shivaji Nagar, Arera Colony and Govindpura.BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava appealed to residents to keep garbage outside their homes from where the BMC staff can collect it. \"After the success of the scheme, we have introduced this in most parts of new Bhopal. But, we are not in a condition to increase the staff,\" Shrivastava said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "12888230", "title": "Didn't recommend anyone to Gautam Deb: Amartya Sen", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: Amartya Sen on Thursday rebutted former CPM minister Gautam Deb's claim that he (Deb) had appointed Anjan Bhattacharya - former Hidco PRO arrested for impersonating chief minister Mamata Banerjee's brother - on the recommendation of the Nobel laureate.Anjan - who was appointed in 2008 when Deb was the Hidco chairman - was arrested on April 21 after allegedly taking the East Midnapore administration for a ride pretending to be Mamata's brother Kartik.Three days later, Gautam Deb challenged the government to 'come clean on Anjan's political antecedents'.\"The way some news channels are showing Anjan's 'links' with me, makes me feel that I am the culprit. This is being deliberately done to malign me. Anjan came with the recommendation of none other than Amartya Sen, so we recruited him. I have already briefed Sen about his misdeeds. Anjan was a Chhatra Parishad worker since his student days in Bolpur and is from a family of Congress loyalists.\"Deb challenged the government to reveal Anjan's cellphone records of the last two years. \"The fact that he was close to the Congress-Trinamool combine will be revealed,\" he said.On Thursday, Pratichi Institute director Manabi Majumdar issued a press release, saying: \"We contacted professor Amartya Sen, chairman of our institute, who is currently in Brazil. He has no recollection of any Anjan Bhattacharya and said he could not have 'recommended' him to Gautam Deb or anyone else. He meets hundreds of people every day and could quite possibly have mentioned someone else that he met this person (if he had), though he certainly does not remember doing so in this case. He is appalled at the suggestion that he could have recommended this person whom he does not know. He is astonished to hear that his name has been invoked in the context of this debate.\" Deb was unavailable for comments throughout Thursday.Deb, however, said, \"Amartya Sen is a respectable man. I am not insensible that I will bring charges against him. He has to travel to places and it is quite natural he might have forgotten about the recommendation. But I will wait. When he comes to Kolkata, I will try to remind him of it.\"Amid the din on whether Deb jumped the gun on a matter that is being probed by CID, the court of additional chief judicial magistrate Kumkum Bhattacharya remanded Anjan Bhattacharya in nine-day police remand after the investigating agency pleaded for it in Contai subdivisional court. He will be produced before the court again on May 3. The CID suspects that this isn't the first time Anjan has done such an impersonation.According to sources, Pratichi Trust officials informed Sen about the development through mails and phone calls. Sen responded immediately and spoke with Pratichi officials and his daughter Antara Dev Sen (the managing trustee of Pratichi Trust) and instructed them to issue the press release to clear the confusion.Deb even asked the Mamata Banerjee-government on Tuesday to reveal Anjan's call-records for the last two years. Deb had alleged that it will prove everything, right from whom he had called and from whom he had received calls. Anjan's background now also appears dubious.now in police lock-upAmartya Sen ekjon sroddheyo byakti. Ami unmad noi je tar biruddhe erokom obhijog korbo. Uni bideshe ghure beran, tai onar pokkhye na mone thakatai swabhabik. Ami opekkhya korbo. Uni Kolkatay asle mone koriye dewar chesta korbo ( way in which some news channels are showcasing Anjan and his links with me, makes me feel that it is I instead of Anjan who is the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "12887330", "title": "59 white ration cardholders have liquor licences in Mahbubnagar", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) has discovered that almost half the liquor outlets in Mahbubnagar district are owned by outsiders. The ACB, which is probing the liquor syndicates racket, has come across large-scale violations in the granting of licences in the district. It was found that as many as 59 white ration cardholders have liquor licences and that 75 of the 160 shops were owned by people from outside the district.As a first step towards cracking the whip on the organized liquor racket, Timmajipet depot, which supplies liquor bottles to a number of shops, is under the ACB scanner. According to sources, many excise officials are in hand in glove with the cartels formed by the liquor traders.As per the excise rule, at the time of supplying stocks, the officials are supposed to check the credentials of traders. But the officials have been supplying the stocks meant for 70-odd shops to one or two persons without even verifying their credentials.Sources said that liquor merchants from Guntur district were backed by a Congress leader from Kodangal. The benamis, who hail from Guntur, reportedly have as many as 35 liquor licences in their names.Liquor sales in the district touch Rs 50 crore every month and during weekends Rs 6 crore worth sales are recorded. \"We have seized the records of the Timmajipet depot to check the irregularities in the supplies,\" Venkata Reddy, district ACB official, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890055", "title": "Pune lad's eclipse pic published in UK", "text": "PUNE: A picture of the solar eclipse clicked by 16-year-old Puneite Dhruv Paranjpye has been included in the first official annual book of Astronomy Photographer of the Year competition published by the Royal Observatory Greenwich, UK.The photograph had also fetched Dhruv the first prize in the under-16 category of Astronomy Photographer of the Year 2010 competition.The photograph, titled 'A Perfect Circle', captures the annular ring of the sun forming a perfect circle during eclipse. The photograph was taken with a basic 3.2 megapixel point-and-shoot camera, using the clouds as natural filters.Dhruv, who aspires to be an astro-physician, said, \"The eclipse was a perfect opportunity to test my skills. The photograph was clicked from the southernmost tip of the Indian Peninsula, Kanyakumari. I had calculated the sun's peak eclipse time, and was ready beforehand to capture the rings formed by the sun. The photograph also proves that one does not require expensive cameras and accessories to capture a good photograph. One just needs to have elementary knowledge in basic framing and composition.\" \"It's a privilege to be associated with the Royal Observatory Greenwich. I am thrilled to know that my photograph will be included in the first official annual book,\" he added. Dhruv is the son of Arvind Paranjpye, director of Nehru Planetarium, Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890484", "title": "Vacant Rajya Sabha seat fresh bone of contention?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party is set for another round of hectic lobbying for the Rajya Sabha seat which has fallen vacant following the sudden demise of party MP Brij Bhushan Tiwari. Party sources said lobbying is likely to get curious with possibilities of Jama Masjid's Shahi Imam Ahmad Bukhari demanding the seat for the community.Earlier this month, Mulayam Singh Yadav had assured Bukhari of giving adequate representations to the Muslims in political and administrative positions in the state. After a 40-minute meeting between the two in presence of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on April 12, Mulayam had reportedly agreed to give a Rajya Sabha seat to a Muslim candidate. This was apart from the one more seat in legislative council to the candidate from Muslim community. This seat has fallen vacant due to the resignation by the former chief minister Mayawati , who has been elected to the Rajya Sabha.Significantly, senior SP leader and the Muslim face of SP, Azam Khan has been squarely against Bukhari, charging him of seeking a Rajya Sabha ticket for his brother.So, will the Rajya Sabha seat that got vacant following the death of veteran SP leader be the fresh bone of contention between Bukhari and Azam? The question has once again assumed significance even as top SP ranks begin their search for an appropriate candidate.That Mulayam will be under pressure to nominate a Muslim candidate cannot be ruled out. \"But whether he will be a candidate of Imam's choice will have to be seen,'' sources said. Significantly, Bukhari had faced protest from local Muslims in Lucknow just around his visit to meet Mulayam. Azam, too, had been point blank in questioning Bukhari's influence over the community given the electoral bashing his son-in-law Umar Khan had received during the assembly elections.Nevertheless, Mulayam had been generous to give a council ticket to Khan. On the same day, Mulayam nominated Arvind Kumar Singh as Rajya Sabha candidate. This kicked off a raging controversy even as the Imam lashed out at Mulayam of ignoring the interests of Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12889699", "title": "Protests in Pak over Gilani\u2019s conviction", "text": "LAHORE: Angry workers of the ruling PPP organized protests in different parts of Pakistan's Punjab province soon after the supreme court convicted PM Yousaf Raza Gilani of contempt for refusing to reopen graft cases against president Asif Ali Zardari .The PPP workers took to the streets in several cities and towns of Punjab, including Gilani's hometown of Multan, to protest the verdict.A large demonstration was organized in Multan. Protesters blocked the Bahawalpur by-pass, holding up traffic on a key highway for hours.They burnt tyres to block roads and torched a van. The protesters also burnt effigies of SC Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry at several places and shouted slogans against the verdict and the judges of the apex court. In Bhakkar district in southern Punjab, protesters blocked the Grand Trunk Road.Mani Pahalwan, a PPP worker, said the judiciary had always on behalf of the security establishment. \"This verdict shows that the judiciary has preferred vested interests instead of upholding the supremacy of the law and the constitution,\" he said.Navid Chaudhry, a PPP leader, said that though the party had reservations about the decision, it would not act like the PML-N, which had attacked the SC after it gave a verdict against party chief Nawaz Sharif.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12889480", "title": "18 lawyers arrested for collector 'assault'", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Police on Thursday morning arrested 18 lawyers of Sambalpur, including the president and the secretary of the bar association, for their involvement in the assault on Sambalpur collector Mrinalini Darswal on Monday.They were granted bail later in the afternoon by the judicial magistrate. Police identified them as Pramod Rath (bar association president) Bijitendriya Pradhan (secretary), senior member Paresh Sharma, Barada Madhab Guru, Pradeep Bohidar, Sabbir Ahmed, Abhaya Nayak, Arabind Nayak, Rangeya Sarangi, Suraj Biswal, Rabi Pujari, Dilip Bishi, Dinesh Pandey, Mahendra Badhai, Saroj Beura, Chandrakant Mahanty, Rajib Sathpathy and Sanjib Sarangi.\"We have arrested 18 lawyers on Tuesday for their involvement in two incidents of assault on the Sambalpur collector and the district sub-registrar. While 16 lawyers were involved in the first incident, four were involved in the second incident. Two lawyers were present during both the attacks,\" additional SP (Sambalpur) Dilip Kumar Deo said.Members of the bar association staged a demonstration in front of the court room after the lawyers were arrested. The lawyers felt police took the step under pressure from the government. \"When cases have been registered against both sides, police arrested only the advocates. This is totally unjustified,\" senior lawyer Sureswar Mishra said.Later, the arrested lawyers came in a procession from the residence of SDJM Malabika Bhuyan after being released on bail. \"She was pleased to grant us bails in the afternoon,\" president of the bar association Pramod Rath said.According to senior lawyers of the Sambalpur bar, the SDJM took liberal attitude towards advocates while granting them bail as a case was already pending against the complainant of the case. \"The lawyers are officers of the court. I know them personally. They are peace lovers. As revealed from the case record and mentioned by their lawyer, a case has been initiated against the collector too. So I am inclined to release them on bail,\" a senior lawyer of Sambalpur said quoting the SDJM. The incident has triggered widespread tension among lawyers of the state. Several bar associations including those from the high court have decided to stage 'cease work' protesting against the arrest of the lawyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12890046", "title": "Ferozepur Road to get decongested", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: The crowded Ferozepur Road is expected to get decongested, with the traffic police declaring it a ''no tolerance zone''.After identifying eight such chock-a-block stretches, the drive has been started from the road, which falls on National Highway-95, as illegal parking is a major problem here that consequently leads to bumper-to-bumper traffic movement and the city facing the domino effect.In a meeting on Thursday afternoon, the traffic police department asked the owners of shops, malls and marriage palaces located here to ensure that their customers park vehicles in designated parking lots rather than on roads, else their vehicles would be towed away.ACP, traffic, Swapan Sharma said, ''There are many malls and marriage palaces here. These have their parking spaces, but their customers park vehicles on road, which adds to the traffic menace. We need traders' cooperation to solve this problem. They can deploy some of their employees outside their malls or marriage palaces who can guide customers to their parking areas. As Ferozepur Road has been declared a no tolerance zone, we are giving them a couple of days , after which illegally parked vehicles will be towed away.''The meet also saw traders airing their grievances. Shopkeepers of Aarti Chowk market on Ferozepur Road said their area had no proper parking space. Ashok Maingi, a trader of the market, said, ''We are ready to co-operate with traffic police, but there is no parking space in front of our shops.''Another trader Satnam Singh said, ''Some people take buses from Aarti Chowk and park their vehicles in front of our shops every morning.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888553", "title": "This year, Chennai is hottest summer destination", "text": "CHENNAI: It's that time of the year when Chennaiites pack their bags to visit their native places in the state. But this summer they have chosen to stay put in the city; otherwise, it would mean jumping from the frying pan into the fire in the season of power cuts.Even while cursing the two-hour power cut in Chennai, residents take solace that it is much better than in some other districts, where power supply is disrupted for up to 12 hours a day. In fact, relatives from other parts of the state are thronging the homes of residents in the city.\"My children never miss visiting their cousins in Salem but the moment I told them that there would be no electricity there, they wanted to cancel the tickets. I've asked my sister in Salem to come over with her family,\" says Sudha Mani of Nanganallur.A Ponmani Thangam, an employee of Canara Bank in Tirunelveli, has come to Chennai to visit relatives and, well, get away from the \"land of constant power cuts,\" as she puts it.\"At my place, we wake up early because of the heat. We are lucky to have power supply for an hour in the morning. We have an inverter, but the few hours of supply are not sufficient to charge it,\" she says.Maheswari, a revenue department employee in Coimbatore, has gone a step further. \"I have appealed to the higher officials in Chennai seeking a transfer to the state capital. My son can't stand the heat,\" she says. K Manikandan, a school teacher from Tuticorin, says he will spend a couple of weeks in Chennai, \"where you at least know when there will be a power cut\".President of the Tamil Nadu Omni Bus Owners Association A Afzal says many buses from Chennai to other towns in the state are plying with at least 15% of unoccupied seats. \"Usually our buses run full, but not this year,\" he says.Many people who travelled to other parts of the state have got back before schedule.Summer travellers to hill stations, however, are happy. \"People are asking for details of trips to Ooty and Kodaikanal,\" says Afzal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887827", "title": "IPL rush may trigger traffic chaos", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic congestion is expected near ITO on Friday evening due to an IPL cricket match between 8pm and midnight at Ferozshah Kotla stadium.There is limited parking available for vehicles with labels and no parking for general vehicles in the proximity of the stadium.No vehicle shall be allowed to be parked on Bahadurshah Zafar Marg, Jawaharlal Nehru Marg (both the carriageways) on the day of the match. Vehicles parked on these roads shall be towed away, said traffic cops.Park and ride facilities will be available at Mata Sundari and Shanti Van parking.Meanwhile, DTC and DDCA will run special connecting services from Pragati Maidan and New Delhi Metro Stations.Car parking label holders have been advised to take Ring Road, JLN Marg, Asaf Ali Road or Bahadurshah Zafar Marg, police said. Also, a U-turn at Delhi Gate is allowed.Entry for gate number 1-7 is from Bahardurshah Zafar Marg and from JLN Marg for gate number 8-15. Meanwhile, entry for gate number 16, 17 and 18 will be from Bahardurshah Zafar Marg next to a petrol pump.Commuters should avoid stretches near ITO including Rajghat to JLN Marg, JLN Marg from Kamla Market roundabout to Raj Ghat, Asaf Ali Road from Turkman Gate to Delhi Gate and Bahardurshah Zafar Marg from Ram Charan Agarwal Chowk to Delhi Gate from 6pm to 12:30am, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12887812", "title": "The Bhadra effect: Traffic control room will be shifted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Amid speculations that two police stations, Ellisbridge and Karanj, along with women police station and traffic control room, might have to give way to developmental projects, city police said that barring the traffic branch, no other entity had got any notices from the authorities.Chetna Chaudhary, inspector of women police station, said that they had not got any evacuation or relocation notice.The city traffic branch control room and office of ACP (traffic) have got the notice.S M Khatri, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said that the ACP office might be relocated to Mithakhali or some place provided by AMC .Sources said that Ellisbridge police station will come on an important junction connecting BRTS track coming from the direction of Gujarat Bhavan and the track on Ellisbridge. Given the issues such as lack of parking space or appropriate space for staff of over 150 personnel, there were talks that the police station might be shifted. The police station building was constructed in 1942 as a tax collection booth by the Britishers. According to historians, a congestion tax was levied for use of Ellisbridge in that era.Ellisbridge police inspector B K Purohit told TOI that they had not received any notice about the work yet. Another police station on target was Karanj police station. The three-storey building is important as it not only houses Karanj police station but also the offices of Zone II deputy commissioner of police and three assistant commissioners of police. \"It is true that the building is more than 50 years old and is currently surrounded by the Bhadra restoration project, but there are no plans to shift the station. We hope that when the Bhadra plaza is made, we may get an alternative entry and exit point,\" said M N Mirza, inspector of Karanj police station. He, however, added that Khas Bazaar police chowky near Teen Darwaja will have to go.Deputy municipal commissioner Dilip Mahajan said, \"Karanj and Ellisbridge police stations will not be affected because of Bhadra or BRTS projects. But the women police station and the old bank will have to make way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12889455", "title": "VK Dixit elected as Indian Association for the Study of Liver chief", "text": "VARANASI: Dr VK Dixit, Professor and head, department of gastroenterology, Banaras Hindu University has been elected as the president of the Indian Association for the Study of Liver (INASL) for the year 2012-13.As per varsity spokesperson, Dr Dixit was elected as the president of INASL in the general body meeting of the INASL during its annual conference held in Guwahati during the first week of April this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887416", "title": "Pench IV water supply project nears completion", "text": "NAGPUR: The much awaited multi-crore Pench IV water supply project will be finally operational when an elevated storage reservoir (ESR) gets commissioned on May 3. This is a very small part of the mega project and the whole scheme is expected to be complete only by March 2013.Mayor Anil Sole said, \"the ESR has been tested two to three times. We have identified the water connections in present network being served by the tank. The connections that needed to be added for balancing the network have also been identified.\" The mayor further said that another tank would be commissioned tentatively by May 10. NMC plans to make four such tanks at Sakkardara, Jaitala, Shanti Nagar and Pratap Nagar operational in the first stage.The project is critical for meeting the water requirements of the city in the coming five to six years as no extra source of water has been planned by NMC as of now. This project will increase the supply by 115 million litres per day (MLD) which translates into over 15% of average availability currently. The project is being undertaken in four phases.A pipeline is being laid from Kamptee-Khairi dam to Mahadula. At present, the water is transported by a 35-year-old canal. Over 115 MLD water is lost due to evaporation, seepage and theft. Conveyance of water by pipeline is expected to reduce this loss and hence increase availability. Work on this pipeline is around 75% complete.The water will be then conveyed to a water treatment plant (WTP) at Gorewada. The treated water will be conveyed to the main balancing reservoir (MBR) at Raj Bhavan. The 24 ESRs will be supplied water from the MBR. The water pipeline network has been expanded to distribute this extra water. The four phases are in various stages of completion. After months of efforts, land acquisition is 99% complete.Nagpurians can only hope the project does not run into further problems so that the summer of 2013 can be free from water woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887336", "title": "University to send question paper an hour before exam", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai woke up to the fact that despatching question papers a day before the examination was an unhealthy practice that had gone on for too long. So, Thursday's TYBMS paper for Operations Research was sent to exam centres 15 minutes before the paper was to begin.The Board of Examinations (BoE) that met on Thursday at the university's Kalina campus deliberated on several models for sending the question papers to all its exam centres. \"We have discussed several means through which question papers can be sent just an hour before the exam begins to all our centres ,\" said pro vice-chancellor Naresh Chandra.There are, however, several questions that the BoE currently has no answers for. One, if all vehicles are loaded with the question paper packets at the same time and how would they reach colleges in Konkan in time? On the other hand, with the vagaries of power in rural Maharashtra, can a copy of the question papers be sent electronically?The BoE also discussed the manner in which the state's SSC and HSC boards deliver question papers: it sends them to a main centre in the locality and then asks faculty from the nearby schools or junior colleges to pick up their sets an hour before the exam.After the International Finance paper leaked on Wednesday, the university took back all question paper packets; they have been stored in a room so that the inquiry committee can assess them and trace the source of the leak. The seal of the packets that were returned from Wilson College and Rutumbara College, sources said, were broken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12890214", "title": "Another case of 'land grabbing', NRI panel for probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In another case of \" land grabbing\" in Punjab, an NRI from USA has approached the state NRI Commission, alleging that his uncle killed his father three years back, but kept it a secret, so as to grab their land in Mehmoodpur Jattan village of Patiala.In his complaint, Surinder Singh, who used to stay in Karheri village of Patiala district, has apprehended that his father Harbhajan Singh was killed for their ancestral land. Terming the allegations serious and alarming, the commission consisting of chairman, justice (retd) Arvind Kumar and ADGP-cum-member S Chattopadhyaya on Wednesday asked SSP, Patiala and IGP, NRI affairs, Punjab to hold an inquiry into the allegations.Passing the order, the commission observed, \"This not only relates to fraudulent transfer of property of the NRI, Harbhajan Singh, but his elimination by none other than his brother Gurdial Singh and his family. The death of Harbhajan Singh in 2009 in India was also kept secret, which further created a suspicion in the minds of the complainant, apprehending foul play - murder of his father Harbhajan Singh. The commission felt that the allegations are serious enough to hold a thorough probe by the appropriate authority.\"Surinder Singh, along with his family, is residing in USA for the last 46 years. His father Harbhajan Singh, 90, had left for India about six years back, but did not return to USA. He had half share in the land measuring 58 bigha and 15 biswa in Mehmoodpur Jattan village.In his complaint, Surinder Singh said, \"When I met the patwari, it was revealed that my uncle got the entire land, including the share of my father in his name. I then confronted my uncle on this count. He said that my father sold the land to him. I checked the bank account of my father and found that there was no transaction of money and there was no balance in the account.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12887991", "title": "Young lovers from different faiths assaulted by members of radical outfit", "text": "COIMBATORE: A city-based radical group abducted a 19-year-old Muslim girl and her Hindu friend on Wednesday night while they were drinking tea at a roadside eatery in Oppanakkara Street here. Over 10 members of the outfit were involved in the abduction. They assaulted the lovers and forcibly took them to the outfit's office in Ukkadam. They were set free after a team of city police went to the outfit's office and rescued the young couple. They were to get married soon and were in Oppanakara Street shopping for the event, police said.While two of the abductors have been arrested, eight others are on the run. Police have launched a search for them. The arrested have been identified as S Noushad (42) of Bilal Nagar in Ukkadam and S Sadique, 34 of Bismi Nagar in Ukkadam.According to police, P Katturaja, hailing from Thiruvarur, was a mason who lived at his elder sister's house in Kinnathukadavu. His younger sister P Sindhu Valli works at a knitwear manufacturing unit in Tirupur, and stays at the unit hostel. Valli often visited her elder sister along with her colleague and hostel mate R Rahana, a native of Sulagiri near Hosur. Married at an early age, she was left to single-handedly raise her three-month old infant, as her husband had died in an accident while she was pregnant.Katturaja fell in love with Rahana and the couple decided to get married with the support of his sisters. On Wednesday, Rahana met Katturaja and his sisters in Kinnathukadavu. Later, Katturaja took Rahana on his two-wheeler to Oppanakkara Street to make purchases for the wedding.At around 7pm, when members of the radical outfit saw the purdah-clad Rahana and Katturaja, who had smeared sandalwood paste on his forehead, sipping tea together, they alerted their office. Soon, 10 members of the outfit arrived at the spot and questioned the couple. When they were told that the two planned to get married, they forced them to go with them to their office. For the next two hours, they were threatened and assaulted. They were also subjected to murder threats.Police eventually intervened and freed them. Katturaja is unable to move his left hand after being assaulted by the outfit members. Police have slapped charges against two of the outfit members, including harassment, abduction and intimidation.Just last month, seven persons were arrested for assaulting a young couple belonging to different religions, who were stranded on Vincent Road when their two-wheeler developed a technical snag. City police have warned religious organizations against indulging in such acts as it violates the rights of individuals. No one has the right to interfere in marriage-related matters, unless the persons involved are minors, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12889262", "title": "100 fall ill in Tripura village after drinking piped water", "text": "AGARTALA: At least 100 people, including minors, fell ill after drinking water supplied to them at Gourishankarpur village of Kanchanpur district along the Tripura-Mizoram on Wednesday night.According to reports, the villagers developed a severe stomach ache and also vomited after drinking the water supplied through a pipe by the sanitation department on Wednesday.The victims include doctors of the local hospital, civil servants and children, sub-divisional medical officer Chaitanya Reang said, adding that the situation is under control and all the victims are being treated at their homes.Sub-divisional magistrate Dilip Chakma said the issue was taken up with the administration, which has been monitoring the situation. However, he pointed out that the treatment plant in the area has been functioning for the last six months.\"The water that is supplied to us has been causing itching in our body after bath and the drinking water has been causing stomach problems for a long time, but this time it resulted in a large-scale gastro trouble among the villagers,\" said Dr Arindam Majumder, doctor of the local hospital and also a victim.Meanwhile, the villagers' have complained that the water supply pipe is scraped and thus, contaminated water has entered into the supply line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12889665", "title": "Bo spied on China president, top officials", "text": "BEIJING: Disgraced Communist Party chieftain Bo Xilai got a phone call to Chinese president Hu Jintao wiretapped, reports said, casting doubts over the government's attempt to paint the Bo affair as a case of corruption.A report in the New York Times suggested Bo's downfall was connected to an intense power struggle in the Communist Party before the scheduled change of guard later this year. Bo, who caused a stir with his crime busting drive as head of Chongqing city, is facing investigation for disciplinary violations while his wife, Gu Kailai, was recently accused of murdering a British citizen.The NYT report, citing several Communist Party sources, suggests Bo came under secret investigation last year and that the Chinese president was taking a personal interest in the matter.A wary Bo then got a phone call from a party investigator to Hu Jintao tapped last August in order to know what was happening at his back, the report said. \"This reveals a case of power struggle for seats in the party's politburo standing committee. The official story about it being a case of corruption does not hold water,\" Srikant Kondapalli, professor of Chinese studies at the Jawaharlal Nehru University said.Unfortunately for Bo, his phone-tapping attempt was showed up in anti-surveillance devices, and the matter was reported to higher party officials, the NYT report said. The incident horrified central leaders who ordered more background checks into Bo's affairs to find out if he was tracking other leaders.The incident raises suspicion about much wider use of wiretapping of senior leaders as part of the internal power struggle within the party. Bo is also suspected to have ordered the taping of phone conversations of Zhou Yongkang, the leader in charge of internal security, who was believed to be close to him.According to party members, including editors, academics and people with ties to the military, Bo's eavesdropping operations began several years ago as part of a state-financed surveillance buildup, ostensibly for the purposes of fighting crime and maintaining local political stability. The architect was Bo's police chief, Wang Lijun, a decorated crime fighter who had worked under him in Liaoning. Together they installed \"a comprehensive package bugging system covering telecommunications to the internet,\" according to the media official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890225", "title": "Juvenile board rejects plea of seeking custody of minor in Shirke murder", "text": "PUNE: The juvenile justice board on Thursday rejected the police petition seeking custody of one of the minors involved in the kidnap and murder of 15-year-old Shubham Shirke.Ms V N Dhavale, officiating president of the board, ruled that the minor was 17 years, eight months and 20 days old at the time of murder.Shirke was abducted and murdered on March 31, allegedly by three of his friends, two of them minors, who had demanded a ransom of Rs 50,000.On April 11, senior police inspector Motichand Rathod of the Vishrantwadi police station had filed a plea seeking the minor's custody saying he was more than 21 years old.Rathod had relied on the ossification test report of Sassoon general hospital to prove that the suspect was over 18 years of age.Advocate Anil Pawar, representing the minor, had opposed the plea citing that the ossification report was merely an opinion given by the medical officer and was not the conclusive proof for determining his age.Pawar also quoted Modi's medical jurisprudence and furnished birth proof and school records to prove that the suspect was indeed a minor when he committed the crime.He had argued that the minor was born on June 11, 1994, and was 17 years and eight months old at the time of the incident and pleaded to reject the plea for custody.The board, before rejecting the plea, had conducted an inquiry with the school headmistress Meenakshi Ramgude for determining his age and had verified his school and birth records furnished by the defence at the time of hearing.Rathod told TOI he had subjected the minor to ossification test for determining his real age as there were conflicting versions about his age and secondly his parents had not furnished the birth proof after he was detained on April 1.On challenging the board's order in the district and sessions court, Rathod said he will consult his superiors after receiving copy of the order.The board will hear the minor's bail plea on April 28.Another suspect's bail plea rejectedAdditional sessions judge V K Shewale on Wednesday rejected the regular bail plea of Amit Ramchandra Nair (15) of Apte colony in Bhosari, accused of the kidnap and murder of Shubham Shirke.The Vishrantwadi police had arrested Nair and had detained two minors on April 1. Nair is in magisterial custody at the Yerawada central jail.Additional public prosecutor Vijay Hole argued that the police had seized a ransom amount of R 5,000 from Nair.Hole submitted there was prima facie evidence against Nair as Shirke was last seen with Nair and the two minors.He pleaded to reject the bail plea as the investigations were in progress. The defence had prayed for Nair's release saying he had not played any role in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12887727", "title": "Charges framed against Ansari", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special CBI court on Thursday framed charges against Aftab Ansari in connection with a 2001 incident of smuggling arms and ammunition in the country. However, the court has not held him accused of spreading terror or waging war against the nation.Designated judge R M Parmar charged Ansari with criminal conspiracy and illegally possessing and transporting arms and explosives in the country. Ansari had proposed plea bargain, but the court did not accept and went ahead with framing of charge in order to prosecute him.Ansari has been condemned to death for terrorist attack on the American Centre in Kolkata. He is facing trial here in the 2001 case, wherein two persons - Asabuddin alias Shaukat and Aqib Ali Khan -- have been convicted in January to 10-year rigorous imprisonment. The duo was caught on October 27, 2001, near Santalpur in north Gujarat with four kilogram of RDX, two AK-56, 524 cartridges, six magazines, 10 non-electronic detonators and pistols. They had fired on cops when intercepted with arms and ammunition.Ansari, too, was chargesheeted in this case, but he could not be tried because he was lodged in other prison. He was arrested from Dubai after the terror attack on American Centre as two of the attackers disclosed his involvement in their dying declaration. He was deported to India on February 9, 2002. He was part of terror outfit Asif Reza Commando Force ( ARCF) that reportedly had links with Harkat-ul-Jehadi-e-Islam.Since Ansari is lodged in a jail in Kolkata, he requested the court to conduct his trial through video-conferencing. The court may take decision on his request, when further hearing is scheduled on May 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12894335", "title": "Rana Daggubati in Selvaraghavan\u2019s next", "text": "Director Selvaraghavan who is currently busy in shooting of 'Irandam Ulagam' with Aarya and Anushka in lead roles, has decided his next project. The new film will be a bilingual. It will have Tollywood hero Rana Daggubati in the lead.Confirming this, Rana, \"We were planning to work together for a long time. But things are materializing only now. After Selva completes Irandam Ulagam, we will make a formal announcement on our project.\"If everything goes fine Rana Daggubati will make his Kollywood debut with this movie. \"I was waiting to step into Tamil industry with a director like Selvaraghavan,\" Rana added.Previously, there was a buzz that Selvaraghavan roped in Allu Arjun and Shruti Haasan to play lead roles in this film.Meanwhile, Rana will complete the Bollywood movie 'Department' which is directed by Ram Gopal Varma . On the other hand Selva is also in plans to do a film with Dhanush.Source: Currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12888014", "title": "Mystery shrouds death of New Town girl", "text": "KOLKATA: Mystery shrouds the death of 23-year-old Sonia Sarkar who reportedly died after falling from her 12th floor apartment in Uniworld City at Rajarhat New Town. Police are still in the dark about the nature of fall and are probing if it was suicidal or homicidal. A case of murder has been initiated.On Wednesday morning, security staff of the apartment saw her lying in an unconscious state. Sonia was taken to the Bidhannagar state general hospital where she was declared dead. Under the impact of the fall, a part of her skull was completely damaged. Both her legs were fractured and hip broken, said an investigating officer.Mystery shrouded the death of 23-year-old Sonia Sarkar. Sarkar apparently died after a fall from her rented 12th floor flat in upscale Uniworld City at Rajarhat New Town . Police are groping in the dark about whether the fall was suicidal or homicidal. The security staff of the apartment block first noticed her lying unconscious on Wednesday morning. She was taken to Bidhannagar state general hospital where she was declared dead.Preliminary investigation revealed that the victim used to live alone in the flat, apartment alone for the last six months. She was apparently not in touch with her relatives. She was badly affected by her parents' separation which probably led her to sever ties with her family, believe police.they could not throw much light on the mystery.There was mystery regarding Sonia's occupation as well. Sonia claimed to be an airline employee when she took the flat on rent at Rs 23,000 per month. She insisted that it was important for her to stay close to the airport.She used to pay a monthly rent of Rs 23,000. But contrary to her claims, police found she had no links with any of the airlines. They are investigating as to how she could afford such an expensive lifestyle. after preliminary probe, police were sure that she was no way linked with any of the airlines. They are investigating what she did to afford such an expensive life style.Security personnel of the apartment told police that Sonia often used to return home late at night and was drunk at night on most occasions. She was drunk at the time of her death as well, preliminary probe revealed. Preliminary probe hinted that at the time of death too she was a bit drunk. Police has initiated a murder case.On questioning her relatives about Sonia's nature of work, police found contradictory statements. Her uncle Dipak Sarkar, who lives in Behala, said, \"She was a model.\" Another relative, however, told police that said she worked with a multi-national marketing company.No suicide note was found in her apartment, leading police to think she may have been murdered. Police, however, found no suicide not in her apartment.\"We are not ruling out the homicidal angle. She could have been pushed from her balcony. It is not entirely impossible. We are trying our best to get to the bottom of the truth.Even if it is suicide, there has to be a strong reason for it,\" said an investigator.There were contradictory statements from her relatives. Her uncle Dipa Sarkar who lived at Behala said, \"She was a model. Another relative told police that she worked with a multi-national marketing company.Police found that she was badly affected by her parents' separation. This led her to severe all ties with her family and relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12890148", "title": "Mobile \u2018theft\u2019 case: Accused lecturer absconding", "text": "LUDHIANA: The mobile theft drama in Gujranawala Guru Nanak Khalsa College, Ghumar Mandi, continued even on Thursday, as the accused failed to appear before the police for the third time. The accused lecturer Gurpreet Singh has not submitted his version of story to the college principal, despite Wednesday being declared the last date to file a reply. On Wednesday, the cops again visited the college to give a third reminder to the accused. The principal had constituted a three-member panel to enquire into the case.Principal R P Singh said, ''I had given two days time to all the four lecturers in this case. The time finished on Wednesday, but Gurpreet didn't turn up to submit his reply even on Thursday.'' He added, ''I even spoke to Sahil Gupta's parents and asked them Sahil's final stand on the issue. I wanted Sahil to come to the college and give his complaint in writing but his parents said he was busy preparing for examinations and his third letter is the final one.'' The third letter says that Gurpreet had told him to write a letter stating that three lecturers namely Manjeet Singh Komal, Barinderjeet Singh Birdi and Hargunjot Kaur had instigated him to write the letter against Gurpreet.Division No. 5 SHO Beant Juneja said, ''Thursday was the third day in a row that I sent police officials to fetch accused. Gurpreet was not available in college or his home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12888081", "title": "Tainted contractor may yet get sanitation job", "text": "GURGAON: As the final date approaches for the selection of the sanitation contractor for the areas under the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon's jurisdiction, it is becoming evident that the MCG officials and some councillors are making efforts to ensure that despite stiff resistance, Balaji Security Service eventually bags the contract.According to a source, the terms and conditions of the sanitation contract have been drafted in such a way so that it becomes a cakewalk for this agency to get the contract for all the four municipal zones.\"To begin with, 11 agencies had purchased the tender documents but out of them only four participated in the technical bid. While all four have shown interest in doing work in just two zones (1 &amp; 2), only three, including Balaji, have shown interest in carrying out work in the remaining two zones. The startling fact is that despite the technical bid round, all these four agencies remain at par with each other (at L1 level), which means that the technical bid round actually has had no meaning or relevance in the entire bidding process and it was just a formality,\" said a member of the committee that has been formed to award the contract.The member also said that of the four agencies in the bidding -Antony Waste Management, Perfect Manpower, Balaji Security Service and a subsidiary of Sulabh International - the tender documents of two of them are exactly the same.\"The tender documents of Perfect Manpower and Balaji read exactly the same. The only difference was in the number of employees they stated they would employ to carry out the sanitation work. We suspect both the agencies are helping each other in getting the contract,\" said the committee member.He said the other two agencies stand to lose although they have credibility in their favour. \"The other two agencies carry some credibility and therefore they would not under-quote the bid amount, while Balaji and Perfect are likely to bag the contract as they are likely to under-quote, like they did last time around. The other disturbing fact is that none of the senior MCG officials took keen interest in preparing the tender document and left it to an IT department staff,\" the committee member said.According to MCG officials, the financial bid is likely to be opened on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889099", "title": "3 IAS officials get additional charge", "text": "PATNA: SC and ST welfare department secretary, Ravi Parmar, will hold the additional charge of secretary of social welfare department and CMD of Bihar women's development corporation while transport department principal secretary R K Mahajan will hold the additional charge of administrator, Bihar state road transport corporation. Similarly, road construction department secretary Pratyay Amrit will hold the additional charge of the chairman, Bihar Rajya Pul Nirman Nigam.All the three IAS officials will go for mandatory training at Mussoorie from April 30 to June 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12895088", "title": "Gautam Vora hurts Viveka Babajee\u2019s family", "text": "Viveka Babajee's family is extremely hurt about an article in a prominent daily which states, \"(Gautam) Vora has claimed he didn't want to marry Babajee as she was older than him and an alcoholic...\"\"It's almost been two years since Viveka's demise. Just because the girl is no longer alive; does that give people a right to say anything now,\" asked Dale Bhagwagar, the spokesperson for Viveka Babajee's family.Earlier, after Viveka's death, through a statement, her family had asserted that Gautam Vora had lied to the Police, having told them that he was just \"good friends\" with Viveka. Gautam's friend Viren Shah, had given interviews to the media stating that Viveka used to be in depression .\"Viveka's family had strongly refuted the 'depression theory' that was being floated after her demise,\" said Bhagwagar. The family had even released pictures of Gautam and Viveka together, just to prove that the couple was much more than friends .Through the statement, her mother Dayawanti Babajee had conveyed that Viveka had discussed her boyfriend Gautam several times with her over the phone, and told her mother that Gautam had proposed, and that she had agreed to marry him. She had also stated that Viveka had even made Gautam speak to her once over the phone.According to her mother, Gautam had asked Viveka to go for a fertility test to see if she could bear him a baby and also that the couple had matched their horoscopes and were happy that most points, except one, had tallied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887201", "title": "Nagpur University students to benefit from India-UK education pact", "text": "NAGPUR: Students of Nagpur University have a golden opportunity to study in United Kingdom (UK) as the university has become a part of an educational agreement between India and United Kingdom. Delegates are to visit various colleges in the coming week in order to inform students about this new partnership between the countries that can work to their advantage. To spread further knowledge and awareness, a forum was organized by the British Deputy High Commission and was attended by the UK delegates and principals/directors of various colleges.The event was chaired by Nagpur University vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal along with trade and investment adviser of UKTI John Bunter. Shri Sai Shikshan Sanstha secretary Salil Deshmukh, UK Trade and Investment (UKTI) director Barry Lowen, and joint director of technical education for Nagpur division Gulab Thakare also shared the dais. UKTI is the overseas business arm of the British government promoting overseas trade and high value investments.The partnership includes institutions like University of East London, University of Glamorgan, and Central School of Speech and Drama that would admit Indian students. Bunter said, \"along with this partnership, several potential partnerships will also be made.\" Several pacts were inked between institutions of the two countries and discussion is taking place involving further delegations, he added.\"This partnership will benefit both India and UK. India offers best innovations and academics and UK wants to be India's partner of choice,\" Lowen said. India is a young country where most of the population is below 25 years of age and the youth of India is always striving for success, he added. According to him, both the countries were helping each other in broadening the horizons.Sapkal stated, \"Such meaningful collaborations and exchange of ideas will strengthen the infrastructure, human resource as well as research.\"This event followed a highly successful visit to UK in October last year when UKTI took 23 delegates from 14 educational institutes from Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad to London and York. The Indian delegation visited 30 UK universities for educational collaborations. MoUs were signed between Staffordshire University and AISSMS, Pune, Bournemouth and Poole College and MIT Pune, and University of East London and University of Northampton with MIT, Aurangabad.NIT Graduate School of Management has taken this step towards diversifying the scope and field of education. The United Kingdom (UK) has partnered with India to educate Indian students in their own country. Y Mohit Kumar, director of NIT Graduate School of Management, is the man behind the delegation. He was invited by the UKTI as a part of education delegation to represent Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12888398", "title": "As colony parks turn into gardens, play space shrinks for kids", "text": "NOIDA: In Sector 21, alleys have turned into playgrounds. Streets can be seen dotted with kids playing cricket or football after school hours. With resident welfare associations turning parks into ornamental gardens, there is no room for kids to play in. Thus the little ones have taken to the streets. Bringing the problem to the fore, hundreds of angry parents thronged the RWA office to raise the question where their kids should play as the colony park had been littered with bricks and thorns to deliberately keep children out.At the P and F Block Park located in Jalvayu Vihar, Sector 21, display boards put up by the RWA warn that \"ball games can't be played here as they will mar the beauty of the park\".What is worse is that to dissuade scores of children from playing in the park, some residents - in charge of maintaining greenery - have gone to great lengths in keeping the children out. Huge grassy mounds, stones and trenches have been put in place to block the approach area, allege residents.This is not an isolated case. A majority of neighbourhood parks are facing the same problem. Children are discouraged from playing in the parks and some have even got injured while playing on the streets with no alternative place to go to. \"We are not allowed to play football or cricket in the park. We are told that we will damage the plants and spoil the grass. We can't play in the streets because of the traffic. Where should we go and play?\" questioned 10-year old Divyanshu Kumar who is a resident of P-Block. Nine-year old Daksh Sharma fractured his leg when he was hit by a car while playing on the street.At their wits end with their complaints falling on deaf ears, residents of Sector 21 decided to storm the RWA's office to carve out a solution. \"We have four parks in the colony, which are frequented by thousands of residents. If the RWA declares them out-of-bounds for colony kids where will they play,\" asks Arun Sharma.\"We are fed up. If our complaints are not addressed, we will seek relief from court,\" said Pooja Sharma, the mother of Daksh.Even as the RWA office bearers promised to \"do something\" about the issue, officials of Noida Authority claimed that they have made many efforts to sort out the dispute between the elders, the children and the RWAs and even suggested that they earmark areas for the children to play in.\"We have received several complaints from RWAs as they fear kids might damage the plants or hurt the aged. Despite repeated efforts we have not able to make them understand that children have an equal right to the park,\" said B Prabhankar, director, horticulture, Noida. \"We can't stop children from playing. People need to put their heads together and find a permanent solution which ia also feasible,\" Prabhakar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12889346", "title": "2 minors die in Nagaland fire", "text": "Kohima: Two minor children were charred on Tuesday midnight in upper NST colony of Wokha town, 80km from state capital Kohima.Officials said the two minors have been identified as Angelina Patton (8) and Charles Chonbenthung Patton (7). Their mother and eldest sibling sustained serious burns and have been shifted to Kohima for treatment.Sources said the blaze broke out at 11:30pm on Tuesday when the family was fast asleep and the bodies were retrieved on Wednesday morning by the youths of the colony.The two children were students of Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Wokha. Meanwhile, St Paul's Catholic Church, Wokha Town, has expressed grief over the incident.The church conveyed condolences to the bereaved family members and prayed that God gives them the strength to bear the loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887216", "title": "Naxals demand Rs 220 for tribals engaged in tendu collection", "text": "NAGPUR: The onset of the tendu season, which flourishes in eastern Vidarbha, has also brought back the reality that it is the Naxals who call the shots in the hinterlands in this lucrative business. The tendu leaves are used in making bidis.Like every year, the Naxals have now made their intention clear on the rate of daily wage they expect the contractors to pay the tribals engaged in collecting tendu leaves. They have upped it from last year's Rs 175 to Rs 200-220 for each pura. A bunch of around 70 tendu leaves are called 'puri' and a pack of 100 such 'puris' are called a pura.Security forces had earlier found Naxal posters in the rebel stronghold of Deori-Chinchgadh in Gondia where it was mentioned the tribals should be paid Rs 220 a pura as wages.Earlier this week, villagers from adjoining villages in the Bhamragadh tehsil in Gadchiroli met a senior forest official to submit an application demanding a rate of Rs 220.\"The demand for the hike in wages has been prompted by the Naxals. In Gondia, they have made it clear through posters. Villagers in Gadchiroli too could not have come on their own to meet the forest officials,\" said a reliable district source closely connected to the tendu business for several years now.The government had fixed a collection rate of Rs 150 for a pura last year. The Naxals had ensured the contractor paid Rs 175. Now, as the government has fixed a rate of Rs 175, the Naxals too revised their rate.The budget of the Naxal movement in Central India is heavily dependent on the tendu season. By insisting on hiking collection rates, the Maoists manage to earn the faith of the tribals. Naxals completely control the tendu business in their strongholds. \"No one can touch a leaf without meeting the demand of the Naxals,\" said a local Gadchiroli resident.The Naxals generally collect the amount as party fund. They also collect small amounts from the villagers.\"There is nothing on paper when the dealing is with the Naxals. The contractors prepare the documents as per the government's rules and regulations but follow the mandate of the Naxals,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12889367", "title": "Meghalaya talks on 'dubious' voters fruitless", "text": "SHILLONG: The talks between the Meghalaya government and the agitating NGOs on the issue of alleged enrollment of dubious voters with doubtful antecedents has failed to yield any concrete results.Khasi Students' Union (KSU) president Daniel Khyriem and working president of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKGJP) Joe Marwein, who are spearheading the agitation met with home minister HDR Lyngdoh and minister in-charge of election, JA Lyngdoh on Thursday. The agitating NGOs are demanding that the government close down all the special counters opened across the state for enrollment in the DC's office and block offices. \"We want the enrollment drive to be conducted in the respective localities in presence of the dorbar shnongs (village councils),\" Khyriem said.The agitating NGOs are also demanding that the government put in place necessary measures to ensure that migrants and foreigners do not get enrolled in the voters' list and have called a two-day blockade since Wednesday.Chief election officer P Naik on Wednesday asserted that the voter's facilitation centres in different districts cannot be shut down since they were set up under the directives of the EC. He also pointed out that the provision for 'doubtful voters' does not apply to Meghalaya. The KSU president demanded that Meghalaya be exempted from the \"rigid guidelines\" of the EC being a sixth schedule state and in view of problems of influx of migrants.Briefing the press after the meeting with NGOs, home minister Lyngdoh said, \"The issues put forward by the NGOs are particularly related to enrollment of migrants in the voters' list. But, the matter lies in the hands of the Election Commission; the state government has no role to play except follow the guidelines of the EC. Some of the points raised by them shall have to be re-examined in consultation with the EC. We requested them to give us some time and they assured to discuss the matter with us further.\"He added, \"We have also requested the NGOs to suspend their agitation as it will benefit none.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887033", "title": "NRCC undertakes two projects to boost citrus yield", "text": "NAGPUR: City-based National Research Centre for Citrus (NRCC) has, for the first time, taken up two externally funded projects: One for increasing the yield of oranges and another for rejuvenation of dying orchards. So far the centre only conducted internally funded research. The two projects are being funded for Rs 26.5 lakh by the National Horticulture Board (NHB).NHB has allocated Rs 20 lakh for increasing the yield of Nagpur mandarin orange through 'canopy management' of trees so as to allow maximum exposure to sunlight. Another Rs 6.5 lakh have been given for rejuvenation techniques of orchards. \"NRCC is taking up funded research for the first time. The duration of both projects is three years. They will help our scientists win more credibility for their work. Though we already have expertise in rejuvenation of orchards and have been working on 20 farmers' blocks under the Technical Mission on Citrus in Vidarbha, this project aims at delaying aging of orchards. We have not tried canopy management technique for yield increase yet. So both the projects will be new efforts,\" said the NRCC director VJ Shivankar.The head of the horticulture department at the centre MS Ladaniya explained the cause of the decline of orchards. Most orchards in region are 15-20 years old and senile. Trees are planted close to each other preventing sunlight from reaching all parts of tree and thus affecting photosynthesis. This has led to fall in their productivity. \"Less aeration and light invites diseases and pests on the plant. But if the tree canopy is pruned in a particular manner at regular intervals, the yield increases due to right exposure to sunlight. Mostly farmers uproot the orchards if they are 20 years old due to declining produce. Uprooting is not the solution. Proper management of canopy and high density planting is answer to this,\" said Ladaniya.High density plantation, which was earlier considered wrong, is now propagated for increasing productivity. The distance between two plants was earlier 6mX6m. But now trees can be planted at a distance of 6mX3m. High density planting is also possible through use of dwarf root stocks. This method, though, does not work in Indian climate. \"Pruning trees also helps early fruiting. The canopy architecture should be so as to help light penetrate to all the branches,\" explained Shivankar.The second project is to be headed by Vinod Anawat, head of extension department of the centre. It is an effort towards transfer of technology to farmers whose orchards have begun to show a steep fall in the productivity. NRCC had developed a technique some years back when the orchards were dying due to the water scarcity as the water table went down. Centre had also demonstrated it in many dying orchards in Warud, Kalmeshwar, Katol belt. \"The same technique with some new quality control measures will be used to rejuvenate the orchards,\" said the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12890182", "title": "HC notice to Centre on unregistered agents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition filed by a retired high court judge, seeking directions against mushrooming of unregistered recruiting agents and for curbing immigration frauds and human smuggling, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday put the Union government on notice.In his petition, Justice (retd) Amar Dutt submitted that a large number of unregistered recruiting agents/employers have proliferated in recent times and are functioning with impunity in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh without obtaining any registration under Section 10 or any permit under Section 16 of The Emigration Act, 1983, by issuing newspaper advertisements or using other means to unethically recruit innocent persons for employment abroad.The petitioner sought appropriate directions to the Union government, states of Punjab, Haryana and the UT of Chandigarh to ensure appropriate and effective implementation of the Emigration Act, to ensure and check that the menace of illegal human smuggling.The petitioner's counsel, advocate Anil Malhotra submitted that, \"Such recruiting agents are invariably unregistered and unlicensed. Most of the victims do not even know that such unauthorized agencies need to be licensed and authorized under the Emigration Act, 1983.\"The case will come up for further hearing on May 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887535", "title": "AIIMS staff crunch irks House panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's premiere All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), which sees a footfall of 10,000 patients a day to attend OPDs alone, is crippled by an acute shortage of manpower. The Parliamentary standing committee on health says 303 posts of assistant professors are lying vacant.Nearly 47 posts of professors, additional professors (9), associate professors (16) and nursing lecturers (13) are lying empty.Presenting their report at the Rajya Sabha on April 25, the committee has slammed AIIMS for the crisis, saying \"With so many posts lying vacant at faculty level, it would be practically difficult for the Institute to maintain high standards of patient care and teaching for which it has been known for decades. Nearly 1,468 posts in total at AIIMS lie vacant.\"Reacting to the Committee's report, deputy director of AIIMS Vineet Chawdhry said, \"Among the 303 empty posts of assistant professors, 140 were created in February, 2012. We actually have around 200 vacancies among the teaching faculty. We have advertised for 115 posts of assistant professors and April 27 and 28 are the final round of interviews. Till now we have offered the job to 55 doctors of which 27 have joined. By mid-May we should have around 60 more joining in the assistant professor level.\"Ironically, even though so many posts are lying empty, AIIMS has informed the Committee that the number of students passing out from the institute far exceed the job opportunities available there.Hence, the institute would not be in a position to offer a job to every student passing out from it.Earlier, the Committee had asked AIIMS to utilize the services of students passing out. The Committee said, \"It is surprising that an institute like AIIMS has expressed its inability to retain students passing out after graduation. The committee implores upon AIIMS to explore the possibility of implementing its suggestion without any further delay.\"The Committee said it was informed that 160 faculty posts have been created in addition to 34 posts approved by the academic committee. \"The Committee was further informed that these 194 vacancies would be advertised after finalization of roster,\" the report said.The Committee also took a strong stand on \"the huge mismatch in doctors patient ratio in OPD, even if the vacant posts are filled up in the near future.\"It said, \"The committee cannot remain a mute spectator to the appalling circumstances prevailing in such a reputed institute like AIIMS which is a role model for medical institutes across the country.\"It added that the administration of AIIMS needs to initiate a blue print to ensure a decent doctor patient ratio.A recent study conducted by the hospital administration department of AIIMS saw that three-fourth of the faculty members interviewed said their department was understaffed. About 90% of the faculty disagreed that AIIMS has adequate strength.Hamstrung by the shortage and increasing overload of patients, at least one-third of the faculty members at AIIMS are compelled to work even on Sundays and other holidays. Three in four faculty members felt that the official working hours are inadequate for finishing their routine work.On an average, a faculty member worked for 55 hours and 47 minutes far in excess of official working hours of 42 hours and 30 minutes in a week. In absolute numbers, it works out to 13 hours 27 minutes or 31.2% excess time per week.An AIIMS faculty member said, \"We sacrifice our personal time for the good of the nation. AIIMS is a tertiary care referral institute par excellence providing the best in terms of education, research and patient care in the country. The proportion of time the faculty spends plays a major role in determining the quality of research, education and patient care.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12889759", "title": "China showcases Panchen Lama", "text": "BEIJING: Panchen Lama, being groomed by China to rival exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama, on Thursday made his first speech outside the Chinese mainland, highlighting the emergence of Dharma from ancient India and need for its global promotion.His comments came at the World Buddhist Forum in Hong Kong.Panchen Lama confined his speech to religious issues without referring to unrest in some Tibetan areas and recurring suicides by young Buddhist monks calling for the return of the Dalai Lama from his exile.Over 30 people attempted self immolations including one in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur/amravati", "code": "12887427", "title": "Students flock to Amravati for offline AIEEE", "text": "NAGPUR/AMRAVATI: This weekend all roads will lead to Amravati. But rather than tourists headed for the hill station Chikhaldara, the travellers this time are thousands of students appearing for the All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) scheduled for April 29. Amravati is AIEEE's only offline exam centre for Vidarbha, an option that has been chosen by an overwhelming majority of students.Almost all coaching centres in Nagpur advised their students to go for offline option as it was a 'tried and tested' pattern. Since the offline exam will start early in the morning at 9.30am nobody wants to risk an early drive out of Nagpur on Sunday.Rajeev Anand, a city businessman, is taking his niece to Amravati for the exam and feels going a day earlier makes more sense. \"We have relatives in Amravati so lodging is not a problem. Plus starting in the morning is way too risky. If there is a mechanical problem with the vehicle and we cannot make it on time, then my niece's entire year will be wasted,\" he said.Hotels in Amravati are doing brisk business as overnight bookings have increased manifold. Most hotels were booked well in advance by parents or guardians of AIEEE aspirants. Nitin Hiwse, owner of Hotel Gauri Inn, said, \"We have 64 rooms and all of them have been booked by AIEEE candidates. Students from Nagpur and Chandrapur who will be reaching here on Saturday have taken most rooms.\" Managers of Hotel Shripad Continental and Hotel Vandu International too said their hotels too are fully booked by AIEEE candidates.In Nagpur, coaching centres were earlier thinking of arranging transportation for students but that did not materialize. Nitin Acharya, executive director of national IIT coaching centre, said, \"From our centre a majority of the students have opted for online version because of the convenience that same-city centre offers. Overall though, online candidates are very few. There are no exact figures available but it is expected that around 8,000 will appear for offline test at Amravati.\"Across the country, 10 lakh students are appearing for offline version of AIEEE while another 1.64 lakh will be taking online test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12889990", "title": "Life term for cabbie who set wife ablaze", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge W K Sangle on Thursday sentenced a Hinjewadi-based cab driver, Ravindra Gore (29), to life imprisonment for setting his wife ablaze and leaving her to die at her parents place in Satara. The incident took place in 2008.He was further sentenced to three years' rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 3,000 for subjecting his wife, Manisha (24), to cruelty. The sentences will run concurrently. However, the court acquitted Ravindra's father Narayan (56) and sister Manisha (26) for lack of evidence.According to the prosecution's case, the Satara police had arrested Gore and transferred the case to the Hinjewadi police after the victim Manisha's mother, Indubai Kamble, a housemaid in Wathar (Satara), registered a complaint saying that Ravindra had set her daughter afire following a quarrel they had on August 19, 2008.Instead of taking his wife to a hospital, Gore took Manisha, who had sustained 95 per cent burns, to Wathar after the incident. He promised her parents that he would come back the next day and take her to a hospital, but he didn't return. Gore, who was working as a driver in a private firm in Hinjewadi, had used the company's vehicle to take Manisha to Wathar.Manisha passed away the next day. Her father had then met with an accident and could not move out of the house. Moreover, they were not in a position to hire a vehicle to take her to a hospital. Indubai said Gore had an affair with another woman, which was one of the major reasons for their repeated quarrels, the prosecution said.The Hinjewadi police had found a kerosene bottle, matchstick and charred bed sheets from the spot of incident at Punawale. Gore was arrested for murder, while his father and sister were held for subjecting the deceased to cruelty.Additional public prosecutor Shivaji Patil examined six witnesses to prove the guilt of the accused.The case was investigated by sub-inspector Ramesh Pawar, while head constable Keshav Shelke had secured the presence of witnesses from Satara to testify against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhandar", "code": "12887250", "title": "Bhandara enjoys abundant water supply", "text": "BHANDAR: While the whole state is undergoing water crisis, particularly drinking water, groundwater in Bhandara is available in abundance, so much so that only 27.72% of groundwater is used. The situation will further improve with the commissioning of Bawanthadi and Gosekhurd irrigation project next year.Senior geologist of groundwater survey and development agency, D N Channe says that according to groundwater assessment of the year 2007-08, there is 50912 HAM (HAM = Hectare Meter, One HAM = one crore litres of water) groundwater available in the district and only 14,117 HAM water is lifted from it which is only 27.72%.In the district, groundwater is available at 60 to120 feet depth. In summer season, if water level goes down, then water in borewell is available due to hydrostatic pressure. Since the district has metamorphic rocks, the water availability is better and water is found in joints and fractures of the rock, so the groundwater is available in plenty.Channe further said that there are 74 observation wells in the district and in the month of October, January, March and May they are monitored by GSDA. This four-times-a-year monitoring is being done since last 30 years. The pre-monsoon observation is done in the month of May.According to observations on March 12 at 74 wells, average depletion of groundwater level in the district is 0.01 meter. As per state government norms, scarcity of drinking water is declared when the depletion of groundwater level is one meter or more. This is followed by monitoring measures by district administration.So, in the coming month of May and June drinking water situation of the district will be more than satisfactory. Groundwater level situation in the district is more than ideal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12888098", "title": "Sec 55-56 dispensary handed over to Central Government Health Scheme", "text": "GURGAON: With a memorandum of understanding that was signed between the Central government and the state government, the state government-owned unutilized dispensary building in Sector 55-56 has been handed over to the Central Government Health Scheme (CGHS).The dispensary building constructed on 1.5 acres of land was lying unutilized for the past four years. CGHS beneficiaries had demanded the handing over of the building to CGHS as that would benefit nearly 80,000 CGHS beneficiaries residing in the city. Out of these, 50, 000 are registered here whereas the remaining 30,000 prefer going to Delhi for the treatment because of poor facilities in the city.The CGHS sanctioned an additional dispensary in Gurgaon and the doctors and other paramedical staff were posted in Gurgaon on April 20, 2011. There are 11 rooms in the new dispensary but authorities decided to give only five rooms to the CGHS.But beneficiaries are still happy as they not need to go to Jacobpura for every little checkup and even getting medicines now.Sanjiv Saxena, general secretary, Gurgaon Central Government Health Scheme (CGHS) Beneficiaries Welfare Association, said, \"We have been following up this matter for long and were waiting for this decision for the past one year. The CGHS beneficiaries of new Gurgaon were facing a lot of inconvenience and were demanding a dispensary in new Gurgaon too. Though we will be getting only five rooms we are happy that the decision has been taken.\"The city till now had only one CGHS dispensary running in a rented house at Jacobpura in old Gurgaon. The dispensary has two floors and old people are compelled to climb the stairs to see the doctors. Moreover, the dispensary is visited by nearly 1,000 patients daily.Dr Parveen Garg, Chief Medical Officer, said: \"Half of the dispensary building has been given to the CGHS after signing the MoU. The decision was taken because of the persistent demand by the CGHS beneficiaries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888832", "title": "Power supply to be suspended on Saturday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Saturday between 9am and 5pm for maintenance work. Supply will be resumed before 5pm if the works are completed.Koyambedu Market: Srinivasa Nagar, Bakthavachalam Street, Eemathamman Nagar, P.H. Road, Mettukulam, New Colony, Market, Chinmaya Nagar, Alwarthiru Nagar, Nerkundram, Moogambigai Nagar, Alagammal Nagar, Krishna Nagar, Bhuvaneshwari, Thiruveethi Amman koil Street, Koyambedu Nagar.SK Nagar: GT Court, Mookar Nallamuthu Street, IInd line Beach, Moore Street, Rajajisalai Mannady Street, Doss color Lab, Indian Bank, Thambu Chetty Street, Mookar Nallamuthu Street, Angappan Naickan Linghi chetty Street, Moore Street, Rajajisalai 2nd lane Beach Road, Post office Street, Errabalu Street, Adiappan Street, Reddy Ram Street, Strotten Muthiah Street, Ramanujar Iyer Street, Ayya Mudali Street, Chandrappa Street, Palliappan Street, Perumal Mudali Street, Mint Street, Vinayaga Mudali Street, Elephant Gate, Vaniar Street, Singanna Naickan Street, Periyanna maistry Street, Armenian Street, Sembu Doss Street, Sathya Nagar, Island ground (TTDC), Naval officers Quarters and Mess, Coast Guard, Marshalling Yard.Luz: Luz Church Road, Balaiah Avenue, Luz Avenue, Kabali Thottam, Pallaku Managar, Ramachandra Road, Justice Sundaram Road, East Abiramapuram 1 to 3rd Street, Baskarapuram, Warren Road, Dr Ranga Road, Canal Bank Road, Krishnasamy Avenue, Alwarpet (Beemanna Garden, Dr.Ranga Road), Subbarayan Salai, Marvadi Thottam, Vishalatchi Thottam, Warren Road, Rama Rao Road (Medavel section), Venkatesa Agraharam Street, Cenkadar RK Road, Alamelu Mangapuram, CP Raman Road, CV Raman Road, Alwarpet section, North Mada Street, East and South Mada Street (Mandaveli section), Kutchery Road, Dinakaran, Ganapathipuram, Police Quarters, Vinayaka Colony, Mathala Narayanan Street, CP Koil, Kutchery Lane, RC Road, Mundakanni Amman Street, Royapettah High Road, Natchiyappa Street, Kallukaran Street, Naattu Subbarayan Street, Loganarayanan Colony, PTV Thottam, Ramakrishnapuram, Royapettah High Road, Siva Samy Road (Mylapore West section), Karpagambal Nagar, Oliver Road (Alwarpet CIT Colony).Thirumangalam: Entire Anna Nagar West-Extension, W block, C and D Sector, 11 to 20th Main Road, Kalaivanar Colony, Medimix Avenue, Padipudhunagar, Thiruvalleeswarar Nagar, NVN Nagar, CPWD Quarters, Padikuppam Road up to Ben Foundations, Emerald Flats, Classic Apartments, Sathyasai Nagar, Welcome Colony Block 1 to 49A, TV Nagar, JN Salai, Asiad, Rohini, Pioneer Colony, Sindhu Apartment, Mangalam Colony, Mullai Colony, Kuriniji Colony, Jawahar Colony, Shakthi Colony, Old L, Z, AL Block, 4th Avenue, Old Thirumangalam, 12th Main Road, AF Block, 2nd Avenue C Block, Nehru Nagar, 15th Main Road 11th Main Road, AE Block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12888968", "title": "Driver burned alive by mob in Gopalganj", "text": "PATNA: A jeep driver was burned alive by a mob on Hathwa-Kusaudhi road at Basdilla village under the Meerganj police station in Gopalganj district on Thursday, after a speeding jeep hit a student, Atul Kumar Mishra alias Sona Mishra. Atul, 11, died on the spot while two other students sustained injuries.Sources said Atul and his two friends, Raju Kumar and Vinay Kumar, were going to St Francis School at Hathwa on their bicycles at around 6.30am on Thursday. When they reached Heeralal Ka Bari at Basdilla village, a speeding jeep knocked them, killing Atul on the spot and causing injuries to Raju and Vinay. Both the injured students were admitted to a local hospital. Raju was later shifted to a Gorakhpur hospital.Soon after the accident, a large number of villagers assembled on the spot. They overturned the jeep, caught the driver and thrashed him. The mob then set the vehicle ablaze and threw the driver into the flames. Though the driver tried to come out of the jeep several times, he was pushed back into the flames, sources said.Hathwa SHO Bhuneshwar Singh reached the spot and tried to pacify the mob which had blocked the road. He had to face the mob fury and he sought reinforcement. Later, policemen from the Meerganj and Uchakagaon police stations reached the spot and controlled the situation. A fire tender reached the spot and doused the flames from the burning jeep.Gopalganj SP Nitasha Guria said villagers burned the jeep after a student was killed in the road accident. She said it is not clear whether the driver was thrown into the burning vehicle or he was lynched by the agitated mob. She said that two separate FIRs would be lodged one in connection with the road accident and another about the driver's killing. She said the driver's identity is yet to be ascertained though the vehicle belongs to Nautan village in Siwan district.In March, a driver was thrown into a burning truck by a mob on Phulwarisharif-Janipur road in Patna after a speeding vehicle killed a minor girl. In two separate incidents, two trucks were set ablaze after they knocked two persons dead on Khagaul-Danapur road in January and February, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12894886", "title": "Former BJP chief Bangaru Laxman convicted for taking bribe, taken into custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former BJP president Bangaru Laxman has been convicted, 11 years after he was caught on camera allegedly taking bribe in a sting operation.A special CBI court here held Bangaru guilty of accepting Rs 1 lakh bribe in 2001 and convicted him under the Prevention of Corruption Act.The court of special CBI judge Kanwaljeet Arora sent Bangaru into judicial custody soon after convicting him. The former BJP chief was taken into custody immediately after the court order.He will be produced before the court on Saturday when the quantum of sentence in the case will be pronounced.According to TV reports, the CBI will press for maximum punishment of five years against him.Earlier, the court had on April 2 reserved its order in the case.The corruption charges were framed against Bangaru Laxman in May 2011.The case dates back to 2001, when Tehelka.com carried out \"Operation Westend\", a sting that exposed the scandal. It has alleged that Laxman was caught on camera receiving money from an undercover journalist, posing as an arms dealer.He later resigned as the BJP chief.Tehelka released the sting CDs allegedly showing Laxman accepting money for awarding a contract to a fictitious Britian-based company M/s West End International, for the supply of hand-held thermal imagers to the Indian Army.The Central Bureau of Investigation in its charge sheet alleged that Laxman accepted Rs 1 lakh from the representatives of the purported firm in 2001 at his office for pursuing their proposal to supply certain products to the army.\"Tehelka portal scribes, impersonating as representatives of West End International, had held eight meetings with Laxman between Dec 23, 2000 and Jan 7, 2001, projecting themselves as suppliers of defence-related products,\" said the charge sheet.Immediately after the judgement, the Congress targeted the BJP.Congress leader Manish tiwari said the BJP should introspect after the verdict.(With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12888617", "title": "Temporary security services becoming a popular trend", "text": "INDORE: Planning to pack your bags for vacation this summer but bothered about the safety of the house in your absence? Here is an answer to your worry. You can now enjoy your vacation without worrying of your belongings, provided you are ready to shell out some extra moolah. With rising incidents of theft, hiring temporary security services has become a popular trend in the city. The phenomenon which is common in metros seems to have caught the fancy of Indoreans as well.A resident of Sachita Nand Nagar, who was on vacation with his family to Haridwar recently, found the arrangement quite easy and secure.\"Security agencies are held accountable in case of any eventuality. Hence, to ensure that you don't come back from vacation to witness a shocker, it is better to hand over the security matters to specialised firms before you plan your itinerary,\" he said on the condition of anonymity.Another resident of Scheme number 74 in Vijay Nagar said that once we were convinced about the company's credibility, we locked all the valuables inside the chest when we went to Nagpur to attend a marriage ceremony for four days.The trend of employing private security guards has been in vogue for the last couple of years. But with incidents of 'house-breaking' in absence of the owners becoming common, the demand for temporary guards has gone up by leaps and bounds.\"We generally receive at least three calls per day from Indoreans inquiring about the temporary private security services,\" said Ramkumar Singh, owner of Jai Ranjeet Security Services.\"However, keeping in mind the vacation season, private security agencies are flooded with such calls these days. Many agencies were not even able to meet the demand,\" added Singh.The guards are generally hired for about Rs 350 to Rs 500 for eight hours. Regular customers also get special concession.MD of Escort Security Services, Dheerendra Singh said his agency was presently providing security guards for temporary need to at least 25 houses. \"The cost varies with locations and the number of guards required,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12889290", "title": "Quantum leap: One-atom thick supercomputer", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australian scientists along with another international team claim to have designed a tiny crystal, made of just 300 atoms, capable of running a quantum computer so powerful that it would take a computer of the size of the known universe to match it.According to ABC report, the details of the ion crystal which has been designed by Australia, South Africa and US, have been published in the journal Nature on Thursday. The device, known as a quantum simulator, is just one-atom thick.\"We've surpassed the computational potential of this system relative to classical computers by 10 to the [power of] 80, which is 80 orders of magnitude, a really enormous number,\" University of Sydney's Michael Biercuk said. Quantum computing is a kind of information science that is based on the notion that if one performs computations in a fundamentally different way than the way your classical desktop computer works, there's a huge potential to solve a variety of problems that are very, very hard or near impossible for standard computers, he said.Biercuk added, \"If you wanted to think how big a classical computer would need to be in order to solve this problem of roughly 300 interacting quantum particles, it turns out that that computer would need to be the size of the known universe - which is clearly something that's not possible to achieve.\"He said the central element is something like a millimetre in diameter, 300 atoms that are suspended in space.\"But of course everything depends on a huge amount of technical infrastructure around it. So there are vacuum chambers and pumps and lasers, and all of that takes up something like a room.\"The quantum computer will move to a stage where it is so far out in front and performing such complex tasks it will be difficult to check if it is working accurately. They're not easily checked by a classical computer which opens a whole variety of problems,\" Biercuk said.Biercuk said the tiny device's role was like that of a scale model of an aircraft wing, which engineers might test in a wind tunnel to try to design a better plane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887459", "title": "Consumers blast discoms, want freeze on tariff hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power distribution companies (discoms) came under attack on the first day of power regulator DERC's public hearing for tariff determination as agitating customers demanded a CAG audit of their accounts and a freeze on tariff.Outside the Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) courtroom, where different stakeholders, including consumer activists, put forth their arguments against a tariff hike in 2012-13, agitators armed with anti-discom placards shouted slogans against privatization. They also alleged DERC was delaying the notification of the performance standard codes for discoms that lay down penalties for inefficiency.\"No efforts have been made to encourage competition and institute a culture of efficiency,'' said Anil Sood, from the NGO Chetna. Rajiv Kakria, one of the main organizers of the protest, said, \"We have repeatedly represented to DERC that discoms are in profit and have no need of a tariff hike, but our demands are ignored''.Inside the courtroom, strong views were aired against a hike. Resident welfare associations (RWAs), activists and NGOs tried to convince the three-member DERC panel not to announce another hike. Many participants opposed being made to pay for discoms' purchase of costly power from the market, and asked how the surplus power available with discoms in certain months was utilized.\"While steep power tariff, fast running meters and additional load charges hit the general public, we, the RWAs, believe discoms have made huge profits and even the power minister said so in the Vidhan Sabha. Let the CAG decide whether these discoms are making gains or losses,'' said BS Vohra of East Delhi RWAs Joint Front.The stakeholders also slammed discoms on their stated loss levels. \"In Chandni Chowk and Yamuna Vihar, the technical and commercial losses were 45%. The discoms have been asked to lower these losses and have the means to do so, yet they haven't been able to do so. In Kolkata and Mumbai where there are more slums, the loss percentage is 6-11%,'' said one consumer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12889199", "title": "Paternal grandmother to get custody of Mexican child", "text": "MADURAI: The custody row over Adele , the six year old Mexican girl - whose mother was murdered and father is in jail for the crime - has come to an end on Thursday as the Madurai bench of the Madras high court ordered the child to be handed over to paternal grandmother.A two-judge bench comprising Justices M Vijayaraghavan and S Rajeswaran ordered that Adele, kept at Sakthi Vidiyal, a children's home since April 18, be handed over to her paternal grandmother, Monica Manrique. Martin Manrique (40), pursuing postdoctoral studies in Kalasalingam University at Virudhunagar had allegedly murdered his girlfriend Cecile Denise Acosta (36), who was learning 'Mohiniattam' at Kerala Kalamandalam in Thrissur, during a quarrel over custody of the child on April 9. He was arrested on April 17 and had since been lodged at the Puzhal prison in Chennai. Monica, mother of Martin had arrived in Madurai from Mexico on April 21 and since then has been fighting for the custody of the child.Even as the police had initiated a DNA testing of the child to ascertain that the burnt body found in the city outskirts was that of Acosta, her mother Cecile Mireille Reynaud Pulido filed a habeas corpus petition in the HC bench seeking custody of Adele. Meanwhile, Martin's family also filed an intervening petition seeking guardianship. Hearing both the petitions, the court said that the child could be handed over to Monica immediately and be taken back to Mexico in a week's time.The Mexican embassy officials should monitor the handing over of the child to her paternal grandmother and also keep tab of the child's welfare in Mexico also, the judges ordered. The court gave the liberty to the family of Acosta, who also sought custody of Adele, to claim guardianship of the child in a Mexican court.\"We are awaiting the court's order to reach us. We have made all preparations to hand over the child to the paternal grandmother tonight. Once we get a copy of the court order we will hand over Adele,\" said R Velmurugan, acting chairman of the child welfare committee. \"The child is also very eager to go with her grandmother. She could not wait any more,\" he said.Monica also reportedly produced a Mexican court's order entitling them for guardianship. The judges had also discussed the issue with Gloria Garcia Grapper, a Mexican embassy official from New Delhi before coming to the conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12889434", "title": "Freed MLA in Catch-22 situation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If the Maoists have their way, the Laxmipur MLA tag would soon stop preceding Jhina Hikaka's name. But the ruling BJD is uncertain on what would befall its party lawmaker.Before freeing Hikaka, the Maoists, in an audio message on Wednesday, said it was decided at a praja court ( Kangaroo court) held on April 23 and 24 that Hikaka would resign as MLA post-release. \"He has given a written undertaking to this effect in the praja court,\" an AOBSZC leader identifying herself as Aruna said. She added that Hikaka had told the praja court he would resign as MLA, also snap his ties with BJD and live the life of an ordinary person and work for tribals.While Hikaka has refused to comment on the praja court's decision, senior BJD leader Damodar Rout, who represents the party in media debates, said Hikaka might have agreed to quit under duress. \"BJD cannot desire that a party MLA resigns under such circumstances. But it is finally up to Hikaka to take the decision,\" Rout told TOI. He added that Hikaka has now got an opportunity to act as the bridge between the tribals and the state government and word towards solving vexed problems faced by tribals such as land alienation.Sources said Hikaka, during an interaction with MLAs and officers of Koraput soon after his release, appeared \"disturbed\" over the Maoists' demand to give up his job as legislator and avoided queries on the issue. He also refused to divulge details about the demand while talking to journalists.BJD insiders feel it's a difficult situation for Hikaka as he would run the risk of inviting the Maoists' wrath if he goes against them and continues as an MLA. On the other hand, if he quits then his fledgling political career could come to an abrupt end and he might be relegated to the background.CM and BJD president Naveen Patnaik avoided queries on the matter, while speaker Pradip Amat said he had not received any communication from Hikaka in this regard. A BJD leader, however, said even if Hikaka resigns, \"the speaker can always reject his resignation\". Another BJD insider said fresh negotiations through back channels are being explored to persuade the Maoists to allow Hikaka to continue as MLA. \"Nothing can be said with certainty now. The Maoists' demand makes evident their attempt to make Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh chief Nachika Linga the Laxmipur MLA. We will try to make them see reason that Linga, who is booked in a number of cases, might after all not succeed in becoming the legislator even if Hikaka quits,\" a source explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887858", "title": "Shiv Sena calls meet of local office-bearers, leaders on April 30", "text": "NASHIK: Two months after the Nashik unit of the Shiv Sena was dissolved, the party's Executive President Uddhav Thackeray has called a meet of all former office-bearers and local leaders on April 30 to discuss on organisational revamp and also the forthcoming elections for one seat in the legislative council from the Nashik local body constituency.\"Our party leader Uddhav Thackeray has called a meet of all old office-bearers and local leaders at Matoshri on April 30. The meet has been called to discuss the strategies to strengthen the party base in Nashik city. The discussion on appointment of the party's city and district working committee and coming elections for the seat of MLC from Nashik constituency,\" a senior Sena leader told TOI on Thursday.When asked him about the frontrunners for the posts of the party's city and district presidents also the candidate for the seat of MLC, he said, \"The party's executive president, Uddhav Thackeray, would make the final decision.\"The Shiv Sena-BJP alliance, which had ruled the NMC for a decade, received a major setback in the recent Nashik civic polls. Both parties had contested the NMC elections separately. The Sena, which had won 26 seats in 2007, won 19 seats in this year's election, while the BJP retained 14 seats. Thereafter, BJP had supported Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) in mayoral election.With an aim to prevent the MNS-BJP alliance from capturing the Standing Committee chairmanship, the Shiv Sena-RPI, Congress, NCP and a group of Independents had come together and won the election of the Standing Committee chairman. Uddhav Nimse of Congress was elected as the Standing Committee chairman.Meanwhile, Shiv Sena has decided to continue with the new alignment with the Congress-NCP and independents for the next five years in the Nashik Municipal Corporation. \"The Standing Committee chairmanship will be given to each party on rotation basis in the next five years. Moreover, after two-and-a-half years, the next NMC Mayor will be from the new realignment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "12888960", "title": "Five children purchased for Rs 1000 each rescued", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: The Nalanda police on Thursday arrested one trafficker and rescued five children who were allegedly \"bought by him for just Rs 1,000 each\" from a village in Nawada district.A police team raided a Patna-bound bus near Sohsarai locality and arrested one Shamshad Alam, 30, with five minor children in the age group of 7 to 10 years who were supposed to be sold by him to a bangle factory owner in Hyderabad.During interrogation, Alam confessed he bought the innocent children from their parents and relatives for Rs1000 each and was taking them to Hyderabad to employ them in a bangle factory, said Nalanda SP Nishant Kumar Tiwari. He said a passenger in the bus informed the police that a \" person had boarded the bus with five \"scared\" children. The Sohsarai police then stopped the bus and rescued the children.The SP said it is yet to be ascertained whether Alam was taking the children to Hyderabad for work at a factory or for other purpose.He said that the factory owner is being contacted and the parents of the children have been asked to meet the police. The accused has been booked under various sections of the IPC for unlawful confinement, child trafficking and slavery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12893876", "title": "Maoists justify abducton of Chhattisgarh collector Alex Paul Menon", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as the second round of talks between interlocutors was set to begin at Raipur , outlawed Communist Party of India (Maoist) circulated a three page note early on Friday morning, listing in detail their perception about the problems being faced by the tribals and incidents of alleged atrocities by the security forces in tribal Bastar region of Chhattisgarh.A three page note \"why we detained the collector\", issued by CPI (Maoist) South Bastar regional committee secretary Ganesh Uike said they were forced to issue such a statement to set the record straight after a group of so-called intellectuals, supported by vested interests, unleashed a propaganda to whip up sympathy in favour of the Sukma collector.\"These people need to understand the reality on the ground and the manner in which the people are suffering state's repression and the role of district collector in it\", Uike claimed alleging that it was during the tenure of Alex Paul Menon that a tribal youth Podium Mada was first tortured in police custody and later murdered. Later, this murder was passed off as a suicide in police custody, he alleged.According to the Maoist release, another youth Podyam Sanna was picked up from his house at Pollampalli on February 11. Before the formation of Sukma district, police in erstwhile Dantewada district picked up a woman Soni Sodi from village Jabeli and subjected to third degree methods. But the district collector Alex Paul Menon did not utter a word when the then superintendent of police of Ankit Garg was bestowed with the President's police medal on Republic Day, it alleged.Describing Chhattisgarh government's on-going \"gram Suraj'-a village outreach programme-- as a farce, the Maoist leader alleged that such a campaign was being carried out at the behest of the World Bank . He said the CPI (Maoist) had earlier given a call for boycott of gram Suraj campaign. He also alleged that the government machinery, which also includes the district collector, were in fact trying to extend benefits to corporate houses by trying to hand over Bastar's rich natural resources to them.Alleging that nearly 2000 villagers were languishing in jails of Dantewada, Jagdalpur, Raipur, and Rajnandgaon, Uike said 700 people were stuffed inside the Dantewada prison, which has a capacity to accommodate only 150 inmates. Besides, the rebels also alleged that the police had slapped false cases against a large number of people and the security were continuously violating human rights in the tribal areas.Uike alleged that the security forces had launched an operation code named as \"Operation Vijay \" in Abujmarh in March this year and attacked the houses of villagers and destroyed their houses. He said the so-called intellectuals and others, demanding release of collector Menon, should first study whether the report submitted by the district collector at the meeting of \"left wing extremism affected districts\", organised by the Centre, was in the interest of the poor tribals of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889093", "title": "Dagmara hydel project likely to be cleared soon", "text": "PATNA: The much awaited 126 MW Dagmara Hydel Electric Project (HEP) on Kosi river in bordering flood-hit Supaul district is likely to be cleared soon. Till date, the fate of the project was uncertain following the Central Electricity Authority's (CEA) objection in view of the submergence of vast areas in bordering Nepal.\"The inter-ministerial committee meeting approved this project with certain comments and clarifications,\" said Bihar State Hydel Power Corporation MD A K Pandey. Pandey on his return from New Delhi on Thursday told TOI that the project is likely to be cleared soon after making certain clarifications. He was in New Delhi to attend this meeting to decide the fate of the project.\"WAPCOS, a public sector undertaking under the ministry of water resources development, GOI, has prepared a revised Detailed Project Report (DPR) and sent it to the CEA for endorsement,\" Pandey said.\"Setting up of a power house is not likely to cause any ecological problem in the area or cause any problem to the population on either side of the international boundary,\" said an official.Earlier, the Union ministry for forests and environment had already accorded clearance for pre-construction activities of the HEP. The project is flanked by Simri on the left and Dagmara village on the right in Supaul district.In 1965, the then Kosi Technical Advisory Committee headed by Central Water Commission ex-chairman Kanwar Sain had also recommended construction of a barrage at Dagmara.The Bihar government will soon evolve a hydro power policy to attract investors in the private sector in the wake of acute shortage of power. After receiving suggestions, it would be placed before the cabinet for approval, Pandey said.\"We have taken initiatives for setting up 25 hydel power projects for generating about 800 MW with the proposals at various stages of approval,\" said an official. At present, Bihar has 54 MW capacity hydel power plant and work was on at various stages for construction of different hydel power projects with generation capacity of 33 MW.The proposals for setting up 25 hydel power projects with generation capacity of around 800 MW are at various stages and levels for according sanction, the MD said.Pandey said that the survey work with regard to the proposed 450 MW Indrapuri hydel power project on river Sone in Rohtas district has been completed. \"We will hold talks with the Central Water Commission and the UP government for preparing a revised DPR for the hydel power plant,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12890230", "title": "High court allows sale of Mevawala flats to Muslim builder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A division bench of Gujarat high court has permitted sale of Mevawala flats in Paldi from its Hindu owners to a Muslim builder. The court has rejected the state government's appeal that the buildings fall in the prohibited zone as per the communally disturbed areas law.While directing the registrar to allow the sale deeds that were effected between the Hindu residents of 29 flats and the SMA Infrastructure that is owned by a Muslim, the bench of Justice V M Sahai and Justice A J Desai observed that the state authorities should be specific in marking the place while notifying disturbed area under the Gujarat Prohibition of Transfer of Immovable Property and Provisions of Tenants From Eviction From Premises in Disturbed Areas Act, 1991.The bench observed that it is a vague description, which leads nowhere on the question of which plot or society is covered under the act. The court said that the description \"area surrounding Diwan Ballubhai School\" is not enough in this regard. Citing examples of other police stations, wherein disturbed areas are specifically earmarked, and the court noticed that this is not the case with the Ellisbridge police station.The sale of 29 flats began in 2006 and the deal got over last year. However, in July 2010, a deputy registrar opined that the property falls in the disturbed area, but the circle officer took a contrary view. While this dispute was going on, members of Kocharb Hitrakshak Committee moved the HC questioning the deal on the ground that the building cannot be sold to anyone except the Hindus. The petition was supported by the government. A single-judge bench rejected the plea and fined the petitioner and the state government Rs 25,000 each.Following this, the government filed an appeal and asserted that as per the notification the property cannot be sold to anyone but a Hindu. The division bench concluded that the ambiguity in notification weakens the government's case.\"All three towers situated on the land have been demolished because the construction was very old, and we are now planning to construct new flats,\" said an owner of SMA Infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12888450", "title": "Improving public transport in twin cities: Special Purpose Vehicle in 6 months", "text": "NOIDA: Senior officials of Noida and the Greater Noida Authorities met the new UPSRTC MD Alok Kumar recently to discuss the dismal intra-city public transport arrangements. The officials have decided to improve the public transport system in the twin cities by granting a new lease of life to the proposed Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) that has been lying in limbo for over a year now. The project is expected to take off in six months.According to officials, the SPV will take off with a seed capital of Rs 10 crore and once the members of the board are in place, it will become operational within six months. The finances will be shared by all three agencies. While UPSRTC will bear 10% of the total cost to bring in an effective public transport system, Noida and Greater Noida Authorities will each bear 45% of the total cost. Considering the current state of the UPSRTC and the recent losses incurred by the corporation - up to the tune of Rs four crore - the two authorities have decided to write off its losses by bearing an amount of Rs 2 crore each.The SPV will have officials from Noida, Greater Noida and UPSRTC as representatives. Once the SPV is in place, authorities will work on \"connecting all residential pockets within the twin cities and the most frequented spots\" through a new fleet of buses. A fleet of an additional 1000 buses will be brought in and the number of buses will then gradually be increased.\"The last plan did not work for several reasons but the new UPSRTC MD, who has recently taken charge, showed interest in reviving the plan considering the lack of an effective public transport system in Noida and Greater Noida,\" said a Noida Authority official. \"This time, we have been directed to constitute a company, get it registered and then appoint a board of directors that will bring the project on track,\" he added.Currently, around 270 UPSRTC buses ply within the two cities catering to a population of around 10 lakh in Noida alone. These buses hardly stick to the schedule and don't connect all pockets in the cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889090", "title": "HC summons health official", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court (HC) on Thursday directed the director-in-chief, health services, to personally appear before it in a case related to non-absorption of 139 Grade III and IV employees of health department against their earlier post from which they were removed.The order was passed by a single bench of Justice Anjana Prakash on a contempt petition filed by Chandrakant Mahto and others. Mahto, in his contempt petition, had stated that despite the court's earlier order to reinstate these employees in Madhubani district, the department failed to comply with the order.The department had earlier terminated the services of these employees terming their appointment as irregular.The court directed the director-in-chief to appear before it on May 7 to explain as to why the court's order was not complied with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888648", "title": "Derailment hits train schedule", "text": "CHENNAI: A goods train derailed on the Chennai-Gummidipoondi line on Thursday, delaying some long-distance trains and leading to the cancellation of one train. The good train derailed between Chennai Central and Minjur, severely affecting the train services on the route for more than a couple of hours.Southern Railway was forced to cancel one train, divert two and reschedule nine interstate trains after the incident.A senior railways official said it was too early to conclusively say what caused the goods train to derail. \"The incident happened near Minjur. A stretch of track has been completely destroyed for a few metres and is broken at several points,\" the official said.The Chennai Central-Jammu Tawi Andaman Express and the Bangalore-Guwahati Express were diverted via Gudur and Renigunta. Sothern Railway also cancelled the Chennai Central-Vijayawada- Chennai Central Jan Shatabdri Express. The Chennai Central-Howrah Coromandel Express has been rescheduled due to the delay in arrival of connecting trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887417", "title": "National Institute of Design to organize workshops in Ahmedabad", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Institute of Design will organize eight workshops for school and college students as well as design enthusiasts on its Ahmedabad campus in May. To be anchored by the NID faculty, these sessions will aim at promoting design education among students. The workshops will be held between May 14 and 21 across different disciplines, including illustrating fashion figures, design creativity with paper craft, toy design, block making and block printing with natural colors, basic calligraphy, basic of wire craft, and automotive sketching. Admissions will be based on first-come, first-serve basis. This is the fifth time that NID is holding such workshops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892308", "title": "Naseeruddin Shah, 61, to play 30-yr-old", "text": "If Amitabh Bachchan at 66 years of age could play a twelve-year-old in Paa and Aamir Khan at 44 could play a college going youth, Naseeruddin Shah , playing a 30-year-old at 61 isn't surprising. What however, is striking is his transformation.Anjum Rizvi, who had produced the Naseer starrer A Wednesday earlier, will now be making John Day along with coproducer K Asif. And to fit the role of a common man seeking revenge, Naseer will have to look slimmer, fitter and younger for the film. For Naseer's young avatar , he will not only lose weight, but also use prosthetics. The makers also claim that through special effects, they will add to the thirty-year look.However, director Solomon Ahishore is not too keen on special effects. He wants his hero to shed the extra kilos. About his project, he said, \"There is a portion in the film where Naseer saab will have to look 30. Being a thorough professional, he wanted to know how real he could look. And after a few intensive discussions, he was convinced. For a look test, we ordered a special wig. With makeup and some special effects, we were able to achieve what we wanted. Naseer saab too is busy losing weight.\"Ready to be a desi Benjamin Button?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887702", "title": "Missing file traced: Govt to Lokayukta", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Urban development department has informed the Delhi Lokayukta that it has traced the missing file containing details of the process of application and processing of the case for regularization of an unauthorized colony, Wazirpur village in Ashok Vihar Phase-I.Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin had directed the Delhi government to register an FIR earlier this month when the department said that it had lost the colony file.The Lokayukta has asked the government to present the file before it on May 1.The urban development department's lawyer had appeared before the Lokayukta in the first week of April, saying the file containing all notings recording the stages of processing of the application has gone missing. At this, the Lokayukta had expressed regret, saying no time should be wasted in registering an FIR.The case of Wazirpur village in Ashok Vihar Phase-I is one of the many complaints the Lokayukta has received regarding the irregularities in issuing of certificates by the Delhi government in the run-up to the 2008 assembly polls.The Lokayukta has also sought an explanation for how the provisional regularization certificate was issued to the colony and if any verification report on its status was sought from the revenue department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12889141", "title": "Sexually transmitted infection clinic for highway truck drivers", "text": "GUWAHATI: A special sexually transmitted infection (STI) clinic was opened at Beharbari on Thursday by a city-based NGO.Launched by GOLD, this clinic will cater to highway truck drivers vulnerable to HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases. An awareness programme and a street play were also staged on the occasion.At a meeting, held on the occasion, about 500 truck drivers were informed about the riskss involved in unprotected sex and precautionary measures to prevent STIS.The clinic has a provision for free blood tests. The clinic will have two doctors. S K Roy, Kamrup (DC) rural said \" This is a positive step towards controlling AIDS and STI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12887806", "title": "2 held with improvized weapons in Shaherkotda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two youths were arrested by Shaherkotda police with a country-made revolver, knives and knuckle dusters on Thursday morning during vehicle checking. Police have started search for the third youth who managed to flee the spot.At 8:00 am, a police team on vehicle checking duty kept a watch on a luxury bus from Rajasthan. While all passengers got down near Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan at Memco, three refused to do so. Seeing their suspicious behaviour, police officials ordered them to get down and show their bags. But the three jumped off the windows and started running.\"Constables chased them. One of the youths even brandished a revolver and asked the constable not to pursue him. Two were nabbed, while one managed to flee. The two were identified as Dev Shukla and Tinkukumar Sheth, both natives of Uttar Pradesh. Their body search yielded a country-made revolver, three knives, two knuckle dusters and 25 stars made out of iron nails,\" said a Shaherkotda police official.K K Parmar, inspector of Shaherkotda police station, said that they also found cash, identity cards and telephone diaries from the duo. tnn\"During their questioning, we got to know that the trio had started from Agra in train to reach Jaipur. They then took a bus for Ahmedabad. They had planned to stay for a while and then start off for Rajkot. Dev had been arrested earlier by Rajkot police for threat calls and extortion. He runs a small gang there threatening traders,\" said Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata/behrampore", "code": "12888214", "title": "Bangladesh air cadet sent back to Dhaka", "text": "KOLKATA/BEHRAMPORE: The Bangladesh Air Force (BAF) cadet, who crash landed his PT-6 trainer aircraft on a paddy field in Salar, Murshidabad's Salar on Wednesday evening, was sent back to Dhaka on Thursday. According to sources, he told officials back home that he was treated well by Indian authorities.The Indian Air Force (IAF) arranged for Cadet Rashed Sheikh's flight to Dhaka after receiving clearance from the government. The cadet, who received minor injuries, was brought to Kolkata in the morning and underwent a check-up at the Eastern Command Hospital in Alipore.\"This is a normal procedure. After any crash landing, pilots undergo a medical examination to ascertain whether there are any internal injuries. Several agencies were involved in the matter and the cadet was also questioned. IAF experts, including two wing commanders, have also examined the trainer aircraft to try and establish whether it suffered a technical snag. It has still not been decided how it the aircraft will be sent back to Bangladesh,\" an IAF official said.This is being seen as a goodwill gesture by the Indian side by foreign relations experts. While accidental incursions have taken place in the past and pilots have returned home, India went a step ahead by helping the cadet return home. In October, 2011, an Indian Army Cheetah helicopter had strayed into Pakistan Occupied Kashmir. Though the officers on board were allowed to fly back in their chopper, Pakistan had resorted to some arm flexing and said that the helicopter would have been shot down had it not heeded a warning and landed at the designated spot in Skardu. According to Sources, heRashed told officials back home that he was treated well by Indian authorities, said sources.The cadet apparently said during questioning that he was flying at 5,000 feet when the weather deteriorated. He lost his way and did his best to get back to base. However, before long he looked at the fuel gauge and saw that his tanks were empty. The engine also spluttered and stopped. Rashed had no option but to touch down around 6.32pm. Villagers saw the aircraft approach and rushed to the spotwhere it finally landed. Within the next couple of hours, hundreds of villagers rushed to catch a glimpse of the aircraft.While some were awed, villagers had their eyeful, those who own the paddy fields were not amused. The BAF aircraft has flattened a part of the crop on Sukumar Biswas' land and he has demanded compensation from the government. What the aircraft spared, the villagers trampled in their attempt to get a closer view of the plane.According to officials, the BAF PT-6 aircraft was unarmed and posed no security threat to India. It was not caught on radar as it was small, flying at a low level in slow speed. Moreover, the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) had alerted the Border Security Force (BSF) of a possible incursion and crash landing soon after Rashed reported that he had lost his way and was facing trouble due to bad weather. Sources in Bangladesh said that Rashed had taken off from the Bir Shrestha base in Jessore at 4.04pm and flew for nearly 75 minutes before sending the SOS. Another PT-6 with two instructors took off from Jessore to trace Rashed.The second aircraft heard from the cadet when he radioed back to say that he was making an emergency landing on a field. BAF officials suspected that he had crossed into Indian air space and informed the BGB. The BGB alerted the BSF and requested the latter to find out more.The PT-6 is a vintage piston-engine basic trainer of Chinese-make that was inducted into the BAF in 1977. Its top speed is nearly 275 km per hour. Bangladesh is now considering replacing these trainers with more advanced aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12888534", "title": "More women to benefit from maternity scheme", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district health department has decided to extend the Janani Shishu Suraksha (JSS) scheme for pregnant women in four more primary/community health centres of Phulpur, Soroan, Koraon and Jasra blocks. The women of these blocks can deliver babies, including Caesarean section, in the public health institutions for free.Earlier, the facility was only available at two Federal Referral Units -- Karchana and Handia - and Dufferin hospital.Nodal officer, JSS, Dr Vivek Srivatava told TOI, \"The facility would be extended to four more medical centers and under the initiative, pregnant women enrolled under Janani Shishu Suraksha (JSS) programme will be entitled to free transport from home to the government health facility and also drop-back home after 48 hours of delivery.\"He added that pregnant women will also be provided free medicines and consumables, free diagnostics, free blood whenever required, and free diet for the duration of their stay at the health centre, expected to be three days in case of a normal delivery and a week in case of Caesarean section.The JSS scheme has yielded favourable response in the district and over 4,500 pregnant women have benefited from it till date. The scheme was launched in district in August 2011.Meanwhile, Chief Medical Officer Dr Ramesh Kumar Srivatava said the benefits will also be put in place for sick newborns in public health institutions for healthcare for 30 days after birth. They will be entitled to fee treatment besides free transport, both ways, and between facilities in case of a referral.Both essential and desirable investigations (required) are being conducted free of cost for the pregnant women during ANC, PNC, INC up to six weeks which includes investigations required prior to both normal delivery and Cesarean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12889275", "title": "Bru refugees refuse to return home", "text": "AGARTALA: The repatriation of Bru refugees of Mizoram has been held up, with the refugees refusing to go back to their homeland on Thursday, concerned officials said here.As per the decision of the Union home ministry and the Mizoram government, 141 Bru refugees were scheduled to be repatriated to three selected villages in western Mizoram.Two members team of the Mizoram government, accompanied by Tripura officials, arrived in Thamshapara camp in Kanchanpur early in the morning but the refugees refused to leave for Mizoram.\"We arranged 30 vehicles for the refugees to be sent back home, but despite our repeated appeals they refused to go back,\" said sub-divisional magistrate of Kanchanpur Dilip Chakma.They did not cite any specific reason for their refusal to go back to their homeland except that they were happy living in the refugee camps and satisfied with the amenities there.As many as 33,000 Bru tribes had been provided shelter in six different camps of North Tripura district adjoining Mizoram in October 1997 following ethnic atrocities. Several rounds of talks involving the Centre failed to resolve the issue even as the refugees led a wretched life in the camps because of increasing population and limited amenities.Recently, the refugees had agreed to go back home after a meeting with Union home minister P Chidambaram and Mizoram chief minister Lalthanhawla. Accordingly, a decision was taken to repatriate them in a phased manner and as many as 300 families have been repatriated over the past one year.About 669 Bru families were to be repatriated to Mizoram on April 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12893475", "title": "B-town to take bikini lessons from Poonam Pandey", "text": "Want to get a bikini body?Contact Poonam Pandey for free lessons. Atleast that's what the starlet's latest tweets suggest.The starlet-turned-actor has not only ridiculed Bollywood beauties for not having the perfect body to carry the two-piece outfit, she has also declared that they should take bikini lessons from her.\"#NewPic Just was on GO Airways found my pic on the Gladrags Magazine.. dont know who was the photographer but...really liked it ... i just love my body ... muwaaaaah,\" (sic) Poonam tweeted along with a pic from the magazine.\"#NewPic i feel no one in India has a Body that is made for a Bikini ..... heheheh lol ... i just love my body ..muuuuwaaaaaah,\" (sic) she further tweeted, posting one more pic.The bombshell model who loves to post bikini and 'without bikini' pics on Twitter is supremely confident of her body.\"#NewPic i wud really like to Help by teaching few Bollywood Actress who made an Attempt in wearing a bikini in their films n tried to look hot... heheh ;p #SocialWork,\" (sic) she went on to add.Poonam Pandey recently signed her first Bollywood film. She will reportedly be seen in a very bold role in the movie.So if Poonam is to be believed, Bipasha Basu , Mallika Sherawat , Priyanka Chopra and Lara Dutta should make a beeline to take a bikini tutorial from her. What say?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889146", "title": "Defunct machines: No check on rash, drunk driving", "text": "PATNA: The traffic personnel are handicapped in dealing with rash and drunk driving on the state capital roads as one out of the three breathalysers and the only manual speed gun radar at their disposal are defunct. All these machines were bought last year itself.\"One of the three breathalysers and the only manual speed gun radar with us have been defunct since the beginning,\" a senior traffic official told TOI.Explaining the problem with the speed gun radar, the official said the department bought this outdated machine in Rs 4.50 lakh. It shows only the speed of the vehicle. It neither displays the vehicle's registration on its digital screen nor records it as the radar has no memory card or a printer attached. Now, the latest speed gun radar cost around Rs 9.12 lakh, he said.\"This radar can detect a vehicle moving at a speed from 2km to 481km per hour and from a distance of five feet to 4,000ft. But we don't have any proof that the vehicle was being driven above the permissible speed limit. That makes this radar redundant for us,\" he said.As far as checking drunk driving is concerned, the traffic police randomly use the two battery-operated digital breathalysers, bought at the cost of Rs 37,500 each, as is evident from the fact that not even ten such cases were detected in the last two months.Giving reasons for such a low figure, another traffic official said, \"We have only two breathalysers. These are not enough for a city like Patna . And, since we cannot randomly stop and ask anyone to undergo breathalyser test, we find it hard to detect those driving under the influence of alcohol.\"Drunk driving invites punishment of either imprisonment up to six months or a fine up to Rs 2,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12888709", "title": "Helpline comes to women's aid", "text": "RANCHI: The re-launch of women's helpline number ( 9431700003) on Wednesday has helped in securing safety for women of the city.Samridhi (name changed), a college girl who was being forced by an auto driver to travel in his auto on Wednesday evening at Argora Chowk, called the helpline number. She was going to Ratu Road from Argora Chowk around 7:30pm. Samridhi had jotted down the number of the auto. Shila Toppo, officer-in-charge of the city's Women Police Station, confirmed it. \"The girl was shocked and narrated the incident to us. Soon we informed Argora police who are searching for the auto,\" she said. \"An FIR will be lodged after it is found.\"At the same place on April 22, a middle-aged woman was forced to sit in an auto, raped and murdered after a group of auto drivers waylaid her to a nearby ground.\"Around a dozen calls have been made to the helpline number within 24 hours. A private school teacher, who was being harassed on phone by an unknown caller, sought our help on Thursday\" Toppo added. Apart from harassment of girls, a few callers have also provided tips about contraband trade. From August 2011, when the Women Police Station was opened, a total of 221 cases of harassment from unknown numbers have been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12889181", "title": "Corporation gave land for Dhaya Dhaya park: DMK", "text": "MADURAI: Hitting back at the AIADMK for threatening to initiate legal proceedings to remove the alleged encroachment of corporation land by Union minister M K Alagiri-owned Dhaya Cyber Park, the DMK has claimed that it had obtained legal permission to use the corporation land in front of the building. The DMK men also vowed to fight the issue in the court. The move comes in the wake of the Madurai corporation threatening to file a police case against encroachers.DMK functionaries have also demanded an unconditional apology from mayor V V Rajan Chellappa for his statement during the council meeting on Wednesday that police action would be initiated to retrieve the encroached land.When zonal chairman P Salaimuthu demanded during the meet why Alagiri cannot be booked under land grabbing charges for taking the corporation land, the mayor consulted with the officials and assured the council that a police complaint will be filed in this regard.On Thursday, DMK functionaries called for a press briefing at Dhaya Cyber Park , where they explained that the 10.5 cent land in actual sense was given by the corporation itself to establish a park in front of the building.Addressing media persons, former deputy mayor, P M Mannan said that the corporation in its letter dated December 21, 2006 allowed Alagiri to utilise 10.5 cent land in front of the building to establish a park under the condition that no other building should be constructed in that particular land. At any time, the corporation can take back the land without any prior intimation.\"When the corporation granted the land with official order, the mayor without going through the official records has made such remarks in an arbitrary manner. If the corporation requires the land, they can take it back but how can it be termed as land grabbing and a police case be filed against the Union minister. The mayor should tender an unconditional apology to the Union minister, else we will stage a series of demonstrations after consulting with the party's high command,\" Mannan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12892685", "title": "Delhi HC asks ND Tiwari to undergo DNA test in paternity case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday asked senior leader ND Tiwari to undergo DNA test in the paternity test case.The court has said that ND Tiwari can be compelled to give blood sample. It further says that police assistance can be sought if he refuses to agree to do it voluntarily.The division bench of the court set aside an earlier order of single judge which stated that ND Tiwari cannot be forced to give a blood sample in the paternity suit filed by Rohit Shekhar.Rohit Shekhar, who had challenged high court's earlier order, claims he is the biological son of the senior leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12888775", "title": "Raichur Thermal Power Station units to restart soon", "text": "HUBLI: The four units of Raichur Thermal Power Station (RTPS), which have been shut down from Monday due to shortage of water in Krishna river, may take another day to start functioning again. Water released from Narayanapur reservoir has not yet reached the RTPS on Thursday too. According to senior officials of RTPS, water from the reservoir will reach the units on Friday morning or afternoon.According to sources, at present the four units are generating only 12 million units of power instead of around 20 million units. Shut down of these units has caused shortage of 1,100 mega watt of electricity in the state. Yadgir SP D Roopa told TOI that water is flowing towards RTPS and there are no reports of farmers drawing water from the canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12888005", "title": "Domestic help found dead in Sushant Lok flat", "text": "GURGAON: In yet another case of suicide in the city, a teenage domestic help was found dead in a flat of PWO housing society in Sushant Lok.According to police, the victim is from West Bengal and has left a suicide note in Bangla. \"In the letter she has not blamed anyone. The postmortem will be conducted on Friday,\" said a police officer.The victim (Manju) was working as domestic help in a flat in PWO housing society for the past three-four months. Her employer Abhishek and his wife had gone to work and reported the case when they returned in the evening. The victim's family has been informed about the incident.Police, however, are investigating the case from all angles. \"It's tough to believe that she didn't complain about anyone in the suicide note. After the postmortem, we will be in better position to ascertain the cause of for the death,\" said Gaurav Phogat, SHO, Sushant Lok police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12893011", "title": "Rajat Kapoor wanted to make 'Mithya' with SRK or Saif", "text": "Actor-filmmaker Rajat Kapoor, who is look forward to the release of next directorial venture 'Fatso' says he was keen on making his critically acclaimed film, 'Mithya' with Shahrukh Khan or Saif Ali Khan .Directed by Kapoor, 'Mithya' was a 2008 satire revolving around the underworld. The film opened to good reviews and did decent business at the box office. \"I would have loved to make 'Mithya' with Shahrukh Khan or with Saif Ali Khan.. they are wonderful actors. I am a fan of Saif and of Shahrukh.. I would have loved to make it with them. They would fit in off course and they would do a great job...I have no doubt about it. But the main thing is what they want,\" Rajat Kapoor told PTI in an interview.\"I have approached Shahrukh and Saif also, but it is obvious that they have a certain priority..they have a certain belief system and they work accordingly and there is nothing wrong in it. You must do what you believe in. They believe in certain kind of cinema which is not this cinema,\" he said.With the kind of small-budget and non-commercial films that Kapoor makes, it is obvious that stars would not like to venture in this space. \"Stars, I don't believe want to work in these kinds of films as they have their own agenda and their own priorities. Why would Shahrukh work with me in a film like this? He would work in 'Don' and those kinds of films. That is his choice and priority. They (stars) work according to their beliefs and I work according to my beliefs. And I work with people who share that belief,\" Kapoor said.'Fatso', a romantic comedy, releases on May 4.The film stars Ranvir Shorey, Gul Panag and Purab Kohli in lead roles. \"It has been ready for some time. Our job is to make the film and deliver it, after that you have producer and marketing team and they have their own reasons like releasing a film at the right time, wait for a moment when it would work. I don't know anything as it is beyond my reach and control,\" Kapoor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12908840", "title": "Foreign bombshells bombard Bollywood!", "text": "Bollywood seems obsessed with foreign bombshells! One after the other the international beauties seem to keep making a mark. So the list is growing.Arab Brazilian model Bruna Abdullah generated quite a buzz with I Hate Love Story alongside Imran Khan and Sonam Kapoor, while Welsh model Lisa Lazarus impressed with Salman Khan in Veer . Swedish-Iranian model and dancer Maryam Zakaria got a chance to shake a leg with Kareena Kapoor in Agent Vinod ; that too for a mujra number.Sri Lankan beauty Jacqueline Fernandez has been managing to bag quite a few movies like Housefull, Murder 2, Housefull 2 and even Aladin ; co-starring megastar Amitabh Bachchan.American fashion model and actress Nargis Fakhri became a sensation of sorts opposite Ranbir Kapoor in Rockstar , while South African Playboy model Candice Boucher romanced dashing debutant Sachiin Joshi in Aazaan . There has been another Canadian model Mia Uyeda in Blood Money , British-born Amy Jackson in Ekk Deewana Tha , Irish-born British granddaughter of Charlie Chaplin, Kiera Chaplin in Chaurahen , Russian model Era Tsariova in Cigarette Ki Tarah and Indian Brazilian model Nathalia Kaur in Department .And as if so many foreign beauties weren't enough, the latest to join the firang-babes bandwagon is the stunningly beautiful half-German half-Indian international model Evelyn Sharma, who has managed to bag more than three movies even before her first release.Her impressive line-up includes Manish Tiwary's Issaq opposite Prateik Babbar, then Prateek Chakravorty's debut film From Sydney With Love , and a pivotal role in Ayan Mukerji's Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani ; and also the Ranbir Kapoor-Deepika Padukone starrer under Karan Johar's banner Dharma Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12890440", "title": "AC dormitory for attendants at Sanjay Gandhi medical hospital", "text": "Hospital administration at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences would start a paid air conditioned dormitory facility for attendants. The facility will be inaugurated by director Prof RK Sharma on Friday. Chief medical superintendent, Dr PK Singh said that as of now, the dormitory would be able to accommodate 40 persons. An attendant will have to pay Rs 70 for 24 hours. The facility will be helpful to attendants who are forced to take a double room to stay with their patient.Seminar: The regional science city in association with National Education, Nagpur is going to organise a seminar/lecture cum demonstration on 'medicine free-life' and 'stress management' an alternative ways of treatments like morning walk, herbal treatments, magnetic therapy, yogasans and pranayams on April 27. The two-hour seminar will aim at preventing various stresses created in the minds of people due to their busy life.Blood camp: Old Franciscans' Association, an alumni body of St. Francis' College will organise a blood camp in association with the blood bank of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences on April 29 from 10:30 am to 2:30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12888583", "title": "Rs 1cr catch for Gujarati fisherman", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ibrahim Bhura, a fisherman from Jamnagar in his late forties, spent all his life at sea and yet, his catch never earned him more than Rs 2 lakh annually. On Tuesday, however, he instantly became a crorepati, thanks to just one catch. Bhura struck gold when he caught some 350-odd ghol fish from Jhakhau creek in mid-sea. The catch is worth close to Rs 1 crore.The value of ghol fish, scientifically known as protonibea diacanthus, comes from its fins which are used in the pharmaceutical industry to manufacture dissolvable stitches. It is also used in wine purification and is exported to countries like Singapore. It is three to 4.5 feet in length and can weigh up to 20 kg. \"I had no clue of the value of the catch till I landed on the shore,\" Bhura, a resident of Bharana village, told TOI. \"When I was told about the price by local traders, I immediately thanked Allah. The windfall from the sea has ensured that Tuesday's trip into the sea was my last of the fishing season.\"With just one medium-sized boat, Bhura and his family have struggled to make ends meet so far. But thanks to ghol fish, he is starting to think big. \"Constructing a pucca house is our top priority given that we are a joint family,\" he says. \"I will also buy another boat and name it after the ghol fish. If Allah permits, I also want to go on Haj with my father.\"Nayan Makwana, the fishing officer at Jhakhau, said, \"Ghol fish is not rare fish, but it is found only in the fag end of the season. Lucky fishermen net eight to 10 fish in the entire season. A catch of 350 ghols is the largest we have heard of.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887134", "title": "Court blasts misuse of gender law", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing anguish over growing number of matrimonial cases filed by women against their parents-in-law, the Delhi high court said such laws were being \"flagrantly misused\".Justice Kailash Gambhir said that though \"with a view to mitigating the oppression and inequality suffered by the fairer sex in this country from times immemorial, various woman-friendly laws have been enacted so as to empower the women\" but the courts were increasingly coming across instances where women were misusing these laws to harass others.\"It is a bitter truth that where on one hand these progressive laws have led to amelioration and advancement of the cause of the woman in this country, at the same time on the other hand these liberalized statutes have been flagrantly misused,\" the court said in a case where a daughter-in-law forcibly took possession of a room in her mother-in-law's property though the latter evicted the couple out of the house.It noted, \"The right of the woman to her matrimonial home is one such right which has been brought on the statute book to protect the woman from being left in the lurch at the hands of the in-laws. However, one cannot or may I say should not shy away from the hard-hitting reality that it is not always the daughter-in-law who is berated but at times the in-laws who are at the receiving end of the daughter-in-law's cantankerousness.\"The court was hearing an appeal by the mother-in-law against the lower court's decision to permit her daughter-in-law to continue living in her house. HC asked the younger woman to immediately leave and passed an eviction order against her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892496", "title": "Amitji is no ordinary actor: Sanjay Leela Bhansali", "text": "I don't think I can shoot an easy sequence. The tougher it is the more I am able to challenge myself. I've shot some really difficult scenes. But the climax of Black, where Rani Mukerji meets the Alzheimer's stricken Mr Bachchan's character and the Guru fails to recognise his Shishya, has to be my toughest.Into that moment of extremely poignant reconciliation when one of the protagonists is in a state of complete psychological oblivion, I had to put in some flashes of recognition and connectivity with the past. It was not easy. I'd have never managed it if it weren't for Amitji and Rani. Both of them gave 200 percent of themselves to the sequence.I don't know when and how Amitji brought in that hint of recollection in his character's blank memory. But that moment came creeping unmistakably into the scene. We were all stunned when it came. Amitji is no ordinary actor. And he knew this was no ordinary scene. He spent hours getting into the mood.I remember the day vividly. We were shooting at Mehboob Studios. Abhishek was shooting nearby. Amitji rang him up and asked him for a particular audio CD. Abhishek drove down to Mehboob to deliver the CD. I don't know what the music was. But Amitji put it on his earphones and kept it on until we shot the scene. I'd like to thank the composer of whatever that music was that made Amitji surpass all expectations. I consider this scene my toughest because none of us knew where it was going. We just knew it had to come together somehow.I had three climactic sequences written and ready. We chose the one we shot. But look at the odds we had to overcome. Besides the inherent impossibility of the scene we were shooting in all-white ambience when the film was called Black. Would the scene gel with the audience? We kept wondering. Somewhere during the scene Amitji added a glorious moment. He suddenly decided to do a jig around Rani. That added so much joy and warmth to the scene. Amitji, Rani and I came away from the scene exhausted but exhilarated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12887786", "title": "Call, don't queue up for Gujarat University information,", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students need not stand in serpentine queues to get information about various courses of Gujarat University. All they need to do is pick up a phone and dial for information.The varsity is all set to implement 24-hours Interactive Voice Dialling System (IVDS). The IVDS will disseminate a plethora of information such as examination dates, results, new syllabus, admission procedures and more. Students can also get index and chapter-wise information regarding the new syllabus of various courses.The IVDS that uses computer-operated devices can disseminate information to 400 callers simultaneously, Gujarat University vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi said here on Thursday.Information in all major faculties that include arts, commerce, science, medical, dental, BBA, BCA and law will be available through this new system, touted to be the first of its kind in the country. \"Such interactive systems to give information is common in many international universities in the US and Europe. We are the first university in the country to implement this,\" Trivedi said.Using interactive system, students can register their complaints and give suggestions. \"The suggestions that are valuable and in the interest of large number of students will be accepted and their complaints will also be redressed once recorded,\" the VC said, adding that the information will be given English and Gujarati both languages. One can call on 079 66123000 and 079 66123100 for this service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887885", "title": "No complaints made on RTO number yet", "text": "NASHIK: Despite the fact that auto drivers have been refusing to ply by meter even though it was made compulsory on April 23, there has been no response to the toll free number started by the RTO. Over the past four days, not a single complaint has been lodged against erring auto drivers.According to officials, no complaints have been lodged against auto drivers refusing to ply by meter. Auto drivers seem reluctant to ply by meter as they may lose business due to the high tariff. The revised tariff cards have not yet been distributed among auto drivers as yet, on which the toll free number - 18002331516 - has been mentioned.Due to this, a large number of people are not aware about where to lodge complaints if auto drivers do not charge by meter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890575", "title": "Lokayukta supports Akhilesh on keeping chief minister out of its ambit", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday said Samajwadi Party has never been in favour of bringing a chief minister under the jurisdiction of the Lokayukta. The statement came in reaction to the recommendation of Lokayukta Justice (retired) N K Mehrotra that \"the CM must come under the ambit of the Lokayukta\". The government had sought suggestions from the Lokayukta to help provide more teeth to the institution.Barely an hour after the chief minister's statement, the Lokayukta himself approved of keeping the CM away from the institution. \"The duty of the legislature is to frame laws. It is better that the CM stays out of the Lokayukta's ambit as it can hold the CM back from taking some required bold decisions,\" Mehrotra tol d reporters. The chain of events led to the opposition parties raising questions over the sudden change in stance of the Lokayukta.\"The stance of Samajwadi Party (SP) on the issue has been very clear since day one - when the party was not even in power in UP. There has been no change in the party's stance till date,\" said CM Akhilesh Yadav, who is also the state president of SP. \"I am yet to go through the recommendations and have only read it in the newspapers that such a recommendation has been made in the Lokayukta report,\" the CM said. About the government reaction on the recommendations, Akhilesh said \"the government would go through the recommendations at length before taking a final decision on what all should be included and what not\".Justice Mehrotra had suggested that the public servants and organisations which have been kept out of the Lokayukta's ambit should be brought under the purview of the institutions. These include public offices like that of the chief ministers, village pradhans, universities, institutes, private as well as aided institutes of medical and engineering, trusts, societies and NGOs as well. The recommendations also included grant of power to the Lokayukta to issue warrants and provide the institution with a dedicated investigating agency, along with its paraphernalia to execute the orders of the Lokayukta, for example arrest of the accused. Such an agency must be provided with powers to conduct raids and searches.Another recommendation was to make it mandatory for the all the elected representatives to file their statement of property each year before the Lokayukta so that if the Lokayukta finds that the property is disproportionate to the income of the elected representative, a suo moto inquiry can be ordered by him. Justice Mehrotra had also recommended that the subjects which are under purview of Lokayukta in Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh and Kerala but not in Uttar Pradesh should also be brought under the institution's purview.His other recommendations include time-bound disposal of Lokayukta's recommendation to the government with a clause saying that if any recommendation is not rejected by the government within a particular time period, it should be deemed as accepted. The government should also lay down the accepted recommendations before the Assembly within a given time period.To be approvedThe U-turn taken by the Lokayukta is now being linked to the fact that Akhilesh Yadav, barely a week after being sworn in as the chief minister, granted a two-year extension to Mehrotra through an ordinance of the state government that was later endorsed by governor B L Joshi. Earlier, Justice (retired) N K Mehrotra was to retire as Lokayukta on March 15, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887684", "title": "Mayor race: Cong won\u2019t bid, but ready to ambush", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress may not stake claim to South Corporation, but it's planning to queer the pitch for BJP in the race for the mayor's post. The party plans to back Nationalist Congress Party's bid for the top post and this poses a big challenge to BJP - the single largest party, but short of a majority. The contest will be tough with BJP still struggling to cobble up numbers.NCP has just six councilors in a house of 104, but its decision to put up a candidate shows its political muscle flexing. Congress has not fielded any candidate for the post of mayor and deputy mayor in any of the three corporations, but in south BJP has willingly left the deputy mayor's post to the opposition. BSP and INLD are, however, contesting for the post of deputy mayor. In South, where no party has a majority, NCP's Phool Kali and INLD's Seema Pandit have filed nominations against BJP's Savita Gupta. NCP decided to join the fray with support from Congress and smaller parties.NCP state president Beer Singh and election committee chairman Rambir Singh Bidhuri announced the name of their candidate, Phool Kali, at a press meet on Thursday. While NCP is confident of support of 29 Congress councilors, five MPs and three MLAs, it's also banking on 14 independents to help Phool Kali sail through.Congress state president JP Aggarwal said Congress will support the NCP candidate as it is a secular party. \"We are a secular party and will not vote for BJP. So we have decided to support NCP,\" he said.Though BJP is the single largest party, it has to depend on independents and others to control the civic body. While BJP has 44 seats, Congress has 29. The election for the post of mayor will be held on May 2 at the Civic Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12890065", "title": "\u2018Failing is not failure\u2019", "text": "Today, A Ganesan's company 'report card' shows a turnover of more than Rs 6 crore. Something this class 4 dropout may not have imagined would happen the day he stepped out of his school gates for the last time.\"I had to discontinue my studies due to poverty,\" says 69-year-old Ganesan, who began his career as an apprentice in a tailoring unit in Parry's Corner when he was 10. After 15 years as an apprentice, he set up a shop in 1963. He expanded soon and got his first export order in 1979. \"There was no looking back,\" he says.Ganesan is one of the several success stories that have sprung out of average or mediocre school performances going to show that an A plus report card is not the only means to getting ahead in life. \"Many people equate success in life with doing well academically. Students need to find their strength, develop it and follow their heart,\" says Arundhati Swamy, family and student counselor. Students should learn to deal with failing which is not the same as failure, she says.C Palanivelu also dropped out of school due to poor family finances. He had no intention to pick up his books till the age of 18 when his sister died of pneumonia. \"Dhanalakshmi was hardly six years old and she died because she didn't get medical care. I and my illiterate parents were helpless and I took the vow to continue my studies to become an expert medical practitioner,'' recalls Palanivelu, founder-director of Gem Hospital in Coimbatore and an expert in laparoscopy. He went through textbooks with a new vigour and determination. Later, he came out of Stanley Medical College in Chennai with distinction and gold medal.Cinematographer Arvind Krishna's parents never pushed him into academics. \"While my friends talked about being a doctor or an engineer, I knew it would be cinema for me,\" says Krishna, whose father had a movie lab when he was growing up.Krishna gives full marks to his alma mater Vidya Mandir for encouraging him. While he was determined that it would be moviedom after school, it was his father who prodded him to do a degree course. While in college, Krishna got an opportunity to work as an assistant to ace cinematographer P C Sreeram for the Mani Ratnam movie 'Thiruda Thiruda'. Since then, Krishna has wielded the camera for ten films including 'Kaadhal Kondein', '7G Rainbow Colony' and the Rajinikanth-starrer 'Kuselan'.To stressed out students and parents, Dr Palanivelu has this to say. \"My parents who were agricultural workers were never anxious about my academics. I decided my fate,\" says Palanivelu, who is recipient of the prestigious B C Roy award in 2006 from the Union government for developing surgical procedures and making them affordable to the poor.(Inputs from B Sivakumar, K A Shaji &amp; Aparna Ramalingam)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12887912", "title": "Defiant vegetable vendors thrashed by extortionists", "text": "GURGAON: Miscreants beat up some vegetable vendors who refused to pay extortion money to them. The criminals went bonkers in the market on Thursday afternoon and overturned the vendors' carts, spilling the vegetables on the road.After the vegetable vendors complained to the police commissioner against the assailants a police PCR van was deployed in the market.The city police lodged an FIR against seven miscreants and were investigating.The incident took place when some youths of Jharsa, Shikohpur and Silokhra village came to the market to collect extortion money. Vendors Sanju, Ramshankar, Shambhu and Ajay said these youths used to collect Rs 100 daily in the past, but on Thursday afternoon they demanded double the amount. When the vendors refused pay the extortion money, the assailants went on the rampage and played havoc with the market.The miscreants, who reportedly were members of a city-based gang, beat up some vendors and overturned their carts, which were full of vegetables and fruits.The enraged vendors called the police control room and by the time the police reached the market the assailants had fled the spot. The police commissioner reassured the vendors by deploying a PCR van, which in turn encouraged the vendors to return to the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12891871", "title": "US senator tells co to stop offshoring jobs to India", "text": "WASHINGTON: A prominent US Senator has asked an Ohio-based security system company not to move its information technology and other back-office jobs to India.Diebold, one of Northeast Ohio's largest and most successful companies, according to the local Akron Beacon Journal, is looking to move up to 200 IT and \"back office\" jobs to India over the next two years citing potential skill shortage.In a letter to Diebold president and CEO Thomas W Swidarski, Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown , has asked the company to explore other options to keep the jobs in the State.\"I believe that my office could coordinate a collaborative approach to address Diebold's skill issues, while keeping work in Ohio,\" Brown wrote.\"Increasingly, my office is working with colleges, the Edison Centre network and companies to in-source work and bring work back to our shores. These companies - which are bringing jobs back to Ohio - recognise the quality and capabilities of the world-class workforce provided by our top-quality schools.\"These schools may very well meet your needs, enabling you to keep this work in Ohio,\" the Senator said.In a statement, Brown said there are thousands of Ohioans that would welcome the opportunity to apply for a job at Diebold.\"In fact, it's Ohio workers that have helped make Diebold a household name,\" Brown said.\"I urge Diebold to do all it can to preserve these much-needed jobs in Summit County, and I stand ready to work with the company to do whatever it takes to keep these jobs in Ohio,\" he said.Headquartered in Canton, Ohio, Diebold was founded in 1859 as a security equipment company. It employs more than 15,000 associates with representation in nearly 90 countries worldwide. It is a world leader in card-based, self-service transaction systems, security products and customer service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12888477", "title": "Online fraud: Accused surrenders before police", "text": "KOCHI: An accused in the cyber fraud case, in which an online account of a doctor in the city was hacked and Rs 11.14 lakh was siphoned off, surrendered before the Kochi city police on Thursday.The accused, identified as Atha ur Rahman, 32, of Hyderabad surrendered before the central police station, where the case was registered.Central circle inspector D S Suneesh Babu said that it was Atha ur Rahman who created an account number with a new-generation private bank in Hyderabad which was used by the racket members to transfer the money from the doctor's account. \"The accused had been working in a private firm and he used the salary account of an employee who left the firm immediately after joining. He has involvement in similar cases registered in Hyderabad,\" Suneesh Babu said.The accused broke his right leg when he tried to escape from a Cyberabad police team which chased him in Hyderabad. \"We served a notice at the address of the accused in Hyderabad after ascertaining his involvement in the case. Based on the notice, he surrendered before the police,\" the officer said and added that a team would go to Kolkata to seek custody of the Nigerian who is currently lodged in a jail.The police have already arrested four persons in the case and they are currently in police custody for detailed interrogation. They are Hamid alias Mirza Jaffar Baig,28, Sheik Rahan Ali, 34, of Hyderabad, Rohit Rabindra Bose and Asheez Ashok Slave of Mumbai.It was on March 30, 2012 that the online bank account of Dr Shabeer Khan was hacked by the racket members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12889524", "title": "Two matriculation examinees killed in yet another mishap", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Road accidents continued to claim the lives of matriculation examinees with two students being killed when a speeding van overturned at Gadabisunipur Chowk in Jagatsinghpur's Earasama police station area on Thursday. The deceased were identified as Bijan Behera and Dilip Behera.Police said the accident occurred when around 22 students of Binapani High School of Olara village were returning from their examination centre at Na Mousi High School at Girilo. \"The van driver apparently lost control while negotiating a sharp turn. The driver managed to flee the spot after the accident,\" said P K Badajena, a police officer at Earasama police station.As many as 15 students were injured in the accident. Six of the injured students were taken to SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack after their condition was stated to be serious.On Tuesday, six persons, including five HSC examinees died when a van carrying the examinees collided with a truck near Nuagaon in Nayagarh district. Two matriculation candidates were killed and 22 seriously injured in an accident in Angul district on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12880567", "title": "Near death escape for Ajith", "text": "We've heard heroic tales about our Kollywood stars going to great lengths to ensure that a scene comes out perfectly. The latest hot tale is about Thala Ajith, who has performed a death-defying stunt for his upcoming Chakri Toleti-directed flick, Billa 2.This fight sequence, which is the climax fight between Ajith and Vidyut, the villain of the film, promises to be one of the movie's highlights. We hear that when they started filming this crucial bit atop a helicopter, Ajith personally told the director and stunt director that they should 'trust him'.As promised, once the director called out 'action' and Vidyut punched Ajith, everyone was in for a big shock. Ajith, we're told, discarded most of the locks and safety material used for the shoot. He then hung on one hand from the chopper and enabled the camera crew, which was shooting from another helicopter nearby, to can the perfect climax shot. All this at an altitude of over 1000 ft and at a temperature about minus 5 degrees!A source from the production team says, \"We were praying that Ajith sir was safe throughout the shoot of the climax fight. But, he shocked us by performing some daredevil stunts that we couldn't even imagine.\"Stephan Richer, the stunt director filming the scene (who has earlier worked in films like Don 2 ), apparently stated that he'd 'never seen anyone doing such a stunt in his professional career'.Surely, Thala Ajith is set to give his fans a visual treat with his upcoming 51st film, Billa 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888820", "title": "El Nino may be a teaser in monsoon, hints Met office", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alongside predictions of a normal monsoon came a note of caution. D Sivananda Pai of the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said on Thursday that there was the possibility of El Nino weather conditions dampening the monsoon at its peak around August. The silver lining - even if the phenomenon does make an appearance, the condition would be weak.\"There is also noticeable probability (about 39%) for emergence of weak El Nino conditions during the later part of the monsoon season. However, the probability of re-emergence of La Nina conditions during the monsoon season is very less,\" the IMD said. Of the 20 years that El Nino conditions have prevailed, the monsoon has hit a trough 13 times, leading to drought across parts of the country.The April pronunciation of the IMD is a prediction for the countrywide average. The figures do not disclose disparities that might arise in rainfall patterns across the country.The June prediction, which puts out region-wise figures for possible rainfall, show the impact of monsoon on agriculture in different areas. Another bumper harvest, as might be anticipated from the predictions, will, however, add to the current problem of plenty the government faces with procurement and stocks set to outstrip storage capacity by 12 million tonnes in June.The chances of the monsoon failing - rainfall around the country being more than 10% below the long-term average - is about 10% or marginal, IMD said.IMD released the report the same day when the Cabinet considered clearing the Rs 400 crore Monsoon Mission which will help meteorologists update the techniques by which they predict the Indian monsoon - one of the toughest weather phenomenon to map.The five-year programme should lead to the Met department making much more accurate short and medium term predictions ranging from two days to four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12889209", "title": "Man commits suicide after wife's sterilization", "text": "BHOPAL: The sterilization fiasco in Madhya Pradesh refuses to die down.Lamenting the decision of making his wife undergo sterilization two months ago, a 35-year-old man, father of six daughters committed suicide in Betul district on Wednesday. His wife, who went under the scalpel in February, alleged that her husband was promised a plot of land and cash by the panchayat secretary and sarpanch of the village in exchange for the vasectomy.On the woman's complaint, the district administration has ordered an inquiry into the case. Kanchan Dongre, CEO of the Janpadh panchayat in Maultai said, \"Action will be taken based on the inquiry report.'' The police also registered a case and started its probe into the suicide.Prakash Deshmukh, resident of Sandiya village, seven km from Betul town and 150 km south of Bhopal , consumed poison on Wednesday afternoon. Neighbours rushed him to the district hospital where he was declared dead. Deshmukh and his wife Kala worked as agricultural labourers.In the beginning of the year, the state saw a sharp rise in vasectomy surgery numbers after chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan declared 2012 as the year for family planning and welfare. District administration officers went all out to fix targets for number of sterilisations and implementation. Reports of forced vasectomy and allurement to make people go under the scalpel poured from across the state.Wife of the deceased, Kala Deshmukh, accused that her husband too asked her to undergo sterilisation after panchayat secretary Hemant Barde and sarpanch Vijay Thakre of the village lured with promises of a plot of land and money.\"On February 14, I was operated upon. After that day, my husband kept meeting the panchayat secretary for the land and money without any success\", the wife said.Panchayat secretary Hemant Barde could not be contacted but sarpanch Vijay Thakre said, \"The couple have six children and have no money to feed them. We did not lure them with impossible dreams but informed them of the various schemes of the state government for BPL families.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889843", "title": "Helmetless women losing lives on city roads", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If Delhi sees 60-70 women dying due to head injuries suffered in road accidents involving two-wheelers as stated in a plea before the Delhi high court, Chandigarh too sees quite a few cases of death of women riders in road accidents due to head injuries.According to the figures available with the Chandigarh traffic police, 75 women two-wheeler riders lost their lives and 189 women suffered injuries in road accidents during the last two-and-a-half years. In 2010, of a total 105 women, 24 died, while 81 sustained injuries in road accidents involving two-wheelers. This year till April, five women died and 35 suffered injuries in accidents.The common thing in all these fatal and non-fatal accidents was that the women were not wearing helmets. Some of the women, who died were riding pillion. A detailed study by the Chandigarh traffic police revealed that a majority of fatal casualties involving women were reported on prime traffic junctions including railway light point, transport light point, Sector 26, Hallomajra light point and Sector 15 and Sector 16 light points.DSP (traffic) Vijay Kumar said it is a well known fact that not wearing helmets increases the possibility of death in road accidents. There have been instances when women survived road accidents as they were wearing helmets, DSP Kumar pointed out.MPS Chawla, a senior member of the traffic advisory committee, said, \"Women should be encouraged to wear safety gear while driving on roads.\"The Delhi government recently told the high court that it would amend the motor vehicle rules to bring women riders, including those riding pillion, under the helmet rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12888401", "title": "Keep religion away from politics, says Kanthapuram", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: All India Sunni Jam-Iyyathul Ulama general secretary Kanthapuram A P Aboobacker Musaliyar said communal forces and religious institutions should desist from interfering in politics and administration of the state. He was addressing the media at the Alappuzha Press Club on Thursday.\"Leaders of political parties are keeping a studied silence on this issue. They should come forward to solve this problem. Otherwise, it will create serious consequences in the state. Muslim League is not the party of all the Muslims in the state,'' he said.\"Opening the retail sector to foreign direct investment would pose a serious threat to the national security of the country. So the Centre should reconsider its decision on this,\" Kanthapuram said.\"The state government should take immediate steps to facilitate procurement of paddy in Kuttanad. The government should also give the value of the procured paddy to the farmers without any delay,\" he said. Press Club president S D Venukumar, and secretary M M Shamsudheen also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12887876", "title": "Impetus for Malegaon's powerlooms", "text": "MALEGAON: The government collaborating with some NGOs tried hard to convince grey-cloth manufacturers about the need of integration to control market volatility and to bring stability in the local textile industry. However, what they could not get despite toiling for years, the Rajasthan High Court by restricting process houses in Balotra achieved in one stroke. Moreover, the development at the far-away border state has speeded up the procedure to establish Nashik district's first government sponsored Common Facility Centre (CFC) in Malegaon.\"Ever since February when the process houses of Balotra stopped operating, not a single day is passed when we do not meet curious manufacturers calling in at our plant with queries on how to establish a process house\", said Kishore Thorat, owner of Yuti Textile Process House - one of the two process centres in Malegaon. Welcoming the enthusiasm, he said that the time was ripe for the people to have their own process houses instead of relying on the centres at far-away places. \"We are not afraid of competitions. The city has such a huge daily production that if hundred more process houses are established here, they will be insufficient to cater to the Malegaon's actual requirements\", he said.Dr Baliram Hirey Hi-Tech Textile Cluster Services Pvt Ltd which was registered a year before specially for establishing the Common Facility Centre (CFC) in Malegaon - a project mooted by the government based on Public Private Partnership (PPP), has also intensified its efforts realising the sudden rise in interests of the local manufacturers. The facility centre established to provide pre-weaving and post-weaving industrial assistance to the powerloom weavers will have besides other machineries a fully automatic and hi-tech process house.\"As compared to the machineries at the existing process centres, latest technology machineries are faster, capable of handling large volume in a given time and also eliminate the losses occurring due to shrinking\", Prakash Kankaria, one of the Directors of the facility centre said. Stating that the latest technology not only utilizes about 50% less water but also enables reusing the used water and also some used chemicals, Kankaria said, \"They are in fact more environment and eco-friendly.\"Malegaon, one of the biggest textile clusters in India with around 2,00,000 powerlooms, manufactures an estimated 1.75cr meters of grey cloth every day. The two process centres in the city could together process a maximum of 02.5 lakh meters per day. Hence most of the daily production is transported to Balotra and Pali in Rajasthan besides places like Ahmedabad, Surat and Mumbai.The city however is facing a tough time as most of the process houses of Balotra have stopped operation since February when Rajasthan High Court banned them to discharge effluent and waste water in Looni River. The order came after the process house owners failed to install waste-water treatment plant despite receiving warnings and getting time from the court to do the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12887855", "title": "'Karjat dam got technical nod without assessment'", "text": "On May 29, 2011, the executive engineer sought permission to announce the tenders, which appeared in local newspapers on June 1. Among the tender conditions was one that said bidders must have \"experience in forest clearance\", something that sources said most big and reputed construction companies would not have. The advertisements said tenders could be submitted between June 9 and June 16. The Central Vigilance Commission guidelines on tendering prescribe 4 to 6 weeks for submission of tenders. Ultimately, only three bids were submitted, two of which had a common owner-F A Enterprises and F A Constructions. The third was by A.B Negi Reddy.F A Enterprises was awarded the contract because it quoted 9.98% above the tender estimate of Rs 56 crore. The contractor then reduced it to 9.48% and further down to 4.98% above the official estimate. On July 22, 2011, the tender was accepted by the irrigation department and permission granted to the contractor to go ahead with the project. On August 24, 2011, the scope of the contract was increased to Rs 328 crore and the dam's height to 71 metres.Meanwhile, the Archaeological Survey of India shot off a letter to the irrigation department on January 21, 2012, stating that the dam would risk the ancient Buddhist Kondhane caves.\"This office has inquired from the competent authority office and found that without obtaining approval, your work has started near the foothill of the caves,\" it said.According to member of legislative council Jayant Patil, there are 100 dams across Maharashtra where costs have increased manifold to benefit a clutch of contractors. \"There is a clear pattern. Award the contract at a low price and then jack it up once the work commences,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12892141", "title": "Samsung races ahead of Apple in smartphones", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co regained the lead from Apple Inc as the world's biggest vendor of smartphones in the first quarter.Samsung shipped 44.5 million smartphones in the first quarter, giving it 30.6 per cent of the market, market researcher Strategy Analytics said in an emailed statement. Apple shipped 35.1 million units in the first quarter, giving it a 24.1 per cent share, it said.Nokia Oyj was the third biggest, according to the statement.South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co posted a record $5.15 billion quarterly profit and predicted its Galaxy smartphones, which outsell Apple's iPhone and will be upgraded next week, will bulk up earnings this quarter.Samsung and Apple have carved out a near duopoly in the high-end smartphone market, as rivals struggle to introduce compelling models that can really compete. The duo controlled 90 per cent of the market last year and that is not expected to change much this year or next, according to Bernstein analysts.The third generation of the flagship Galaxy S is due to be unveiled in London next week, less than 100 days before the start of the summer Olympic Games there. The new Galaxy will be powered by Samsung's quad-core microprocessor, which the company hopes to see used in handsets sold by Nokia , HTC and Motorola, as well as Apple, its biggest customer for components.\"We anticipate very strong demand for Galaxy S III,\" Robert Yi, Samsung's senior vice president and head of investor relations, told analysts. \"When there's strong demand in the market, we don't necessarily need to spend a lot of marketing dollars to promote sales.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888866", "title": "Sankararaman\u2019s wife, children to get protection", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Thursday asked the Kancheepuram district unit of the CB-CID to ensure the safety of the family members of Sankararaman, who was murdered inside the Varadarajaperumal temple in Kancheepuram on September 3, 2004. The two pontiffs of the Kanchi mutt - Jayendra Saraswathi and Vijayendra Saraswathi - are the main accused in the murder case.Justice S Nagamuthu, passing orders on a petition filed by the slain Sankararaman's wife, S Padma, seeking armed police protection for herself and her family members, said that she had already filed a similar petition in the sessions court at Puducherry, where the murder trial is on. Directing the trial court to pass orders on Padma's request expeditiously, the judge said the question of giving police protection to them would be decided by the trial court.However, when Padma's counsel requested that the safety of her family be ensured when they appear in the trial court, Justice Nagamuthu directed the police to provide security.In his order, the judge said while Padma has made a lot of allegations in her petition, touching upon the merits of the case, the CB-CID has denied all of them. Noting that the high court could not go into the veracity of the claims, the judge said: \"In our considered opinion, this court cannot go into the correctness or otherwise of the allegation. It is for the trial court to decide. It is for the trial judge to dispose of the petitions after affording sufficient opportunity to both the parties.\"Sankararaman, manager of the Varadarajaperumal Temple in Kancheepuram, was hacked to death in the temple premises on September 3, 2004. Besides the two seers, there are 22 other accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889879", "title": "Night tourism project put to sleep", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tourism promotion initiatives of the UT administration seem to be losing steam. The much-hyped night tourism project sanctioned by the ministry of tourism was scrapped by it recently, while no major project has been sanctioned for the city in the past two years and work on the ongoing projects is also moving at a snail's pace.Sources in the tourism department said the night tourism project to illuminate heritage buildings in the Capitol Complex at a cost of Rs 4.98 crore has been cancelled due to \"security reasons and tardy progress made so far.\"After preparing the concept plan for the project, the administration had recently floated tenders so that work could finally begin on the ground. The plan was to light up the entire Capitol Complex, Rock Garden and other gardens of the city. Tourists were to be taken on a tour of the heritage buildings on eco-friendly buses across the Capitol Complex, Rock Garden, Sukhna Lake, Rose Garden, Sector 17 plaza and other significant tourist places of the city.Food fairs and stoppages at chosen points had been planned to be packaged into the tour to make the tourists' night ride an experience in itself. But with it project being written off, all the razzmatazz that was planned for tourists has fizzled out.The night illumination plan had to be executed by the Chandigarh College of Architecture. Meanwhile, work on development of the Garden of Spring, Japanese Garden and Valley of Animals which is being carried with central financial assistance is also moving slowly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12889698", "title": "2 clerks of provident fund office caught for taking bribe", "text": "KANPUR: Two clerks of the provident fund department were caught by Central Bureau of Investigation sleuths on Thursday evening while they were taking bribe.A team of CBI laid a trap at the provident fund office in Sarvodaya Nagar and caught Ashok Singh and Dilip Rastogi while they were accepting bribe from Dharamraj Singh, a native of Jhansi.Dharamraj had lodged a complaint with the CBI stating that clerks Ashok and Dilip were demanding a bribe to release his PF. He had been regularly visiting the PF office to claim the amount, the officials said.The CBI sleuths seized documents and the bribe amount recovered from their possession. The two were taken into custody. They were booked under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act.Sources informed that the raids were continuing at their residences situated in the Awas Vikas Colony and Barra areas.Gun shot: A man identified as Raju Bhattacharya was shot at and critically injured near Tezab Mill compound in Raipurwa police area here on late Thursday evening. He was rushed to a private hospital in a critical state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12889569", "title": "Jajpur's brass craftsmen in urgent need of government support", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The century-old brass craft in Jajpur villages is facing extinction due to lack of government support.Local brass craftsman Dharmananda Sahoo (54) of Atalapur says shortage and high cost of raw material is driving many craftsmen of his ilk out of business. \"If no government aid is forthcoming soon I am afraid there is no future for this craft,\" says the maker of lamp stands, bells, images of deities and other brass items.\"At least 30 brass craftsmen of our village and neighbouring areas have shut their workshops in the past two decades,\" says Damodar Sahoo (59) a brass artisan of Laxminagar village.\"I wanted to be a teacher but I took up the craft instead after my father passed away in 1995 so that the family heritage of brass casting does not die. But now I repent following in my forefathers' footsteps,\" says Ashok Kumar Sahoo (38) of Balipatana village.Samantarapur, Kundapatana and Kulugaon are a few other villages under Rasulpur block of the district where the craft is dying a slow death. While earlier thousands of people in these villages were dependent on the trade, now the number has been reduced to only a few hundred.Brass plates, pots, water jugs and flower pots were in great demand during wedding seasons as it is customary for parents in rural areas to give away the brass items to their daughters during marriage ceremony.There are mainly four methods of making brass metal craft: The traditional lost wax method, clay casting method, sand casting method and the hammering method. The most unique and orthodox method among the four is the lost wax method, says Kundapatana Brass Workers' Association president Aniruddha Prusti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12887963", "title": "Golf takes on a serious feminine edge", "text": "Gurgaon women are quickly discovering what the men have known for years now. A growing number of women in the city are picking up the game of golf, be it for fun, as a career or business networking.\"In the past five years, there has been a good 45-50% rise in the number of women taking up golf in the city,\" said Gurgaon-based Smriti Mehra, a pioneer for women's golf in the country. Better known as Simi, Mehra was the first woman from India to become a member of the world's leading golf tour for women, the US-based LPGA Tour.One of the main reasons for women taking up the sport is the accessibility to golf courses. \"Golf is not an easy game to start with, as one needs a lot of equipment, lessons and places to practice. In that sense, Gurgaon has an added advantage,\" said Mehra.\"Besides, an increasing number of young kids are taking up golf these days and one way of encouragement for them can come from the parents playing along with them. These kids are usually accompanied by their mothers who in turn develop an interest in the sport,\" said Saurabh Chopra, AGM sales and marketing, Golden Greens Golf Resort.Around 15% of the members at Golden Greens include women of which a good number comes from the expat community, he added.While many men take up golf in their sixties, that has not been the case with women. As Karan Bindra, director of instruction at DLF Golf Academy, said that the age of women taking up the sport ranges from 35 to 45 years. The academy has seen almost a 20% rise in the number of women golfers in the past four years.Mehra said that the city has produced quite a few amateur talents in recent years including Nalini Singh Siwach and Vani Kapoor.Gurgaon-based Siwach, who has won Hero Women's Pro Golf Tour Putter of the Year award for the past two consecutive years, said: \"The city provides good opportunities for women who want to take up golf as a career with its well-equipped golf courses and talented coaches. The DLF Golf and Country Club, which is my sponsor, encourages young talents and has played an important role in my success.\"The DLF Golf Academy offers a six-month beginners' course which includes 36 lessons. \"The whole idea is to get the beginner at the golf course after which they needs to practice themselves and improve their skill,\" said Bindra. The six-month course costs around Rs 40,000 which includes provision for equipment.For women executives in the city golf is more than a game. They are taking to the golf course in a concerted effort to go stroke for stroke with their networking male colleagues.\"The ratio of women taking up golf for recreation to business networking is 50:50,\" said Bindra. \"About 90% of business networking happens on golf courses. The sport provides fantastic opportunities to women to get involved in the process,\" said Mehra.\"We have seen a 10-15% rise in the women golfers in the past one year which usually includes expats' wives and corporates,\" said Arjun Singh, manager of Classic Golf Resort near Manesar, adding that around 70% of their members playing golf on weekdays are women.When it comes to caddying women golfers, there is an extra bit of effort that has to be put in by the coaches. \"Women are pretty serious about the game and are regular with it. However, compared to men, they take more time to learn and get frustrated sometimes, hence we need put in a bit extra effort in that regard,\" said Sundeep Verma of Ultimate Golf Performance Centre at the Golden Greens Golf and Country Club, which has seen a 50% rise in the number of women coming to learn golf in the past one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892752", "title": "Students protest decision", "text": "Students of Indira Gandhi National Open University (Ignou), in protest against a university move to scrap face-to-face classes from the next academic session, have called for an indefinite relay hunger strike. About 400-500 students opposing the university's decision began demonstrating at the university gate in the Capital.According to the protesting students, the decision to do away with the face-to-face mode of teaching was rejected in the academic council (supreme body for academic affairs) meeting. However, a high-powered committee of six members formed three months ago by the vice-chancellor not complying with the council's decision went on with the move to scrap classes without notifying it to the student community.\"We have been submitting memorandums to the authorities for so long now. They did not notify the decision to the students. If they want to scrap face-to-face classes now, why did they introduce the concept three years back? The university cannot leave the students in a lurch,\" says Rohit Kumar, final-year MA student of extension and development studies.Every 12 hours, four students will replace the ones sitting before for the relay hunger strike. Protesting students claim that the university authorities are deferring the matter so that the examinations will begin and the issue will be lost.Ranjith PM, another student participating on the strike says, \"Though all student communities are in our favour, they are not a part of the strike. The administration has asked for another three weeks time after already deferring the issue for more than a month. By then our exams will begin and they will get away with the matter.\"According to PR Ramanujam, faculty, distance education, Ignou, students are agitating for a valid cause. \"The high-powered committee was set up to review the ongoing programmes on campus. The academic council in a meeting held on March 24 had asked the interim vice-chancellor to not take policy decisions or disturb the existing programmes. The acting VC does not hold the power to defy the decision of statutory bodies like the academic council and the board of management. I expect students' views will be discussed at an appropriate forum soon,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12894705", "title": "It wasn't easy to shed clothes: Gulshan", "text": "So the steamy scenes have been watched and they have sure burned the silver screen like never before. Yes, Hate Story has set a new 'benchmark' for steamy scenes in B-town! And if Paoli Dam , the film's lead heroine is reason for this, then the hero Gulshan Devaiah is not far behind!After doing a film like Shaitan and That Girl In Yellow Boots, ask him how easy or difficult was it for him to do a lustful and romantic part. Says the actor, \"It was tough! In fact, it was far from easy to shed clothes too! However, Vivek Agnihotri had told us the story and the kind of shots he wanted. So we shot those sequences only after Paoli and I got well acquainted with each other. So, there was a comfort level when we shot the intimate scenes and I think we've pulled it off pretty well.In fact, before and after the shots there would be a lot of laughter and leg pulling going around, so though those scenes look intense, we pretty much had fun shooting!\" Speaking about Bollywood and the maturity of the audience, Gulshan says, \"Both my earlier films were different and many people liked me in those hut ke films! I think Hate Story is also bold and different and the audience is mature enough to accept this kind of a film!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "12890246", "title": "Number 13 gets popular among bidders", "text": "SANGRUR: The number 13 is often termed inauspicious but this means a lot to Badan Singh of Dhaipei village in Ludhiana. For his SUV, Badan bought the registration number PB 13AB 0013 for Rs 1.13 lakh at an auction held in Sangrur on Thursday. Going a step ahead, Sanjeev Kumar from Jalalabad paid Rs 1.14 lakh for PB 13AB 1313 for his motorcycle. The number 1313 fetched the second highest bidding after the number 0001. Not only this, Punjab finance minister Parminder Singh Dhindsa is too fond of this number; the number on his official sedan being PB 13 Y 1313.Inderjit Singh of Boparai Kalan in Ludhiana bid Rs 2.71 lakh for PB 13AB 0001 while the number 0002 was bought for Rs 85,000 by Yadwinder.Bhagwant Singh got 0005 for Rs 75,000. Chirag Bansal spent Rs 55,000 to get 0007, Sandeep Kumar shelled out Rs 41,000 on the number 0008. Sangrur DTO Mohinderpal Gupta said, \"Sale of just 10 numbers made the exchequer richer by Rs 8.33 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888741", "title": "1 more H1N1 case reported in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Another healthcare worker in the city tested positive for H1N1 virus on Thursday, taking the number of infections reported in Chennai this year to 49.The 32-year-old Madras Medical College employee has been quarantined in a hospital ward. Corporation officials said he has been administered anti-viral drug oseltamivir. So far, five healthcare workers tested positive for H1N1 in Chennaion .Doctors have been instructed to give patients oseltamivir if they have fever and sore throat, even before an H1N1 test confirms infection and if they do not respond to paracetamol and antibiotics forty-eight hours after symptoms are first detected.Union health ministry has written to the state asking it to vaccinate all frontline health care workers. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12888228", "title": "Villagers gherao Malda school over midday meal row", "text": "MALDA: Villagers agitated in front of a local school here, as some children fell ill after having the midday meal from the school. Apart from locking up teachers inside classrooms, they also pelted stones at the building demanding standard midday meal. They had not only locked some teachers inside the classrooms, but also pelted stones at the school building demanding standard midday meal.With 240 students and 8 teachers, the authorities of Atgama S P Primary School have allegedly violated the norms by the Sarba Siksha Avijan (SSA) for the midday meals. The list of menu displayed on the school wall was never served, alleged villagers.Hundreds of villagers showed agitation before the school on the issue of poor standard of mid-day meal. The teachers were locked in; stones were thrown at the school. The villagers claimed that at least four children fell sick having the meal. Police came to rescue the teachers.On Thursday morning, hundreds of villagers gheraoed the school building. Locals Mohammad Salek, Mohammad Hyder and others alleged, \"Instead of different items, our kids were given the same meal of rice and potato curry and that too was of poor quality.\" Often, the potatoes served were bad and the rice was not boiled properly. This is the scene here since last one month.\"They also alleged that at least four children fell sick and had to be hospitalized. Mohammad Jamal, another villager, said: \"Whenever we had asked for eggs in the meal, the teachers became sarcastic. They used to ask us whether our children were suffering from protein deficiency. They had even told us to arrange egg meals at home.\" Some guardians also alleged that the cooks were taking away the meal to their homes at the behest of the teachers.Mohammad Samsuddin, the principal of the school, while talking to the media through one of the windows said: \"There might be grievances over the meal but I have never heard of any student falling ill.\" Infuriated over Samsuddin's statement, the agitators started pelting stones at the school building. Even some students joined their parents.Police were informed and a force from English Bazaar police station reached the spot to rescue the teachers. After assurance from the officials of district primary school council, the agitation was lifted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12890398", "title": "Man keeps 84-year-old mother in cattle shed for 2 years", "text": "MYSORE: An elderly woman was on Thursday rescued from a cattle shed she was confined to for two years by one of her sons.Devaraja sub-divisional ACP Cheluvaraju told TOI police raided the house of Javarappa on a tip-off and rescued his 84-year-old mother, Malamma.Malamma, wife of Mariappa, told reporters she had not seen sunlight for two years.Preliminary investigation has revealed the octogenarian was confined to the shed by Javarappa, a cattle rearer. He told police he kept her confined because she behaved in an abnormal manner.The place was a hell hole, serving as bedroom, dining hall and toilet.Police have taken up a case based on statements of Malamma's neighbours, and booked Javarappa under IPC's Section 344 (wrongful confinement for ten or more days). Javarappa was arrested and released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890118", "title": "Five-day festival to celebrate 100 years of Indian cinema", "text": "PUNE: A five-day festival to mark 100 years of Indian cinema will begin in the city from Sunday. The event will feature felicitation of artistes, poster and photo exhibition, musical shows, free screening of films, short films and concerts. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will inaugurate the festival at Vasantrao Bagul Garden at 5.30 pm on April 29.\"Veteran cine stars like Waheeda Rahman, Asha Parekh , Sulochana, Zeenat Aman , Prem Chopra, Asrani, Rati Agnihotri, Parikshit Sahani, Sudha Chandran, Tinu Anand, Shailendra Singh, Viju Khote and Jai Borate will be present to salute the memories of the founder of Indian films, Dadasaheb Phalke. All the cine stars will be brought to the venue in vintage cars,\" said corporator Aba Bagul, president of Pune Navratra Mahotsav Trust, organiser of the festival.On the opening day, a poster and photo exhibition will be opened to public at Bharat Ratna Pt Bhimsen Joshi art gallery in the garden. \"The poster exhibition has been put together by the National Film Archive of India (NFAI). A rare photo exhibition of film personalities will also be held on the same day,\" Bagul said.A short film on Dadasaheb Phalke compiled by NFAI will also be screened on the inaugural day. \"This film contains some rare shots of the first Indian film Raja Harishchandra,\" Bagul said.Noted playback singer Usha Mangeshkar will perform at a concert based on lyrics of Late Jadish Khebudkar on April 30, which is also the birth anniversary of Dadasaheb Phalke. Two more musical programmes will be held on May 2 and May 3.Among the next generation of legendary personalities, Madhuri Phalke, daughter-in-law of Dadasaheb Phalke, and Meena Munje, who acted in Dadasaheb Phalke's movies, will be felicitated.On all the five days, from April 29 to May 3, five films will be screened at 9 am at Laxminarayan Theatre. Entry is free to all on first come first serve basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12892957", "title": "British Council Kolkata announces the Summer School courses", "text": "KOLKATA: The British Council Kolkata announced the details of the Summer School courses for 2012 on April 18, 2012. The tailor-made courses of the council themed around the Olympics this year, promises to be bursting with fun, creativity and excitement while emphasising on learning and development the skills of English. Children can spend a constructive summer improving their communication skills and confidence in an enjoyable atmosphere.In addition to this the council is also offering English Impact for adults who are keen to develop their language skills and expand their horizons by boosting their confidence and ability in English. The courses for children will range from Ace Teens (13 to 15 year olds), Shining Stars (11 and 12 year olds) to Whizz Kids (8 to 10 year olds).By practicing speaking, listening, vocabulary, grammar, reading and writing, children will develop confidence and fluency when using English. The three week project-based courses for young learners run over a period of 15 days (Mon to Fri) from May 21 - June 9 2012.All courses are specially designed to give children the English language skills to plan, design and complete fun-filled projects and tasks. Each two-hour lesson develops a new aspect of English and presents a new task or challenge. In the final lesson, the class will present a final performance for the parents.The English Impact course for the adults aged 16 years and above promises to lay a special emphasis on spoken fluency and confidence. An Impact course is the ideal preparation for giving speeches or presentations, participating in group discussions or approaching interviews.Classes will be held three hours per day and will run for over three weeks from Monday to Friday. Prices are inclusive of the level test, all materials and membership of the British Council Library in Kolkata. All students have to take a level test before registering to ensure that they take the course most suited for their ability and needs. Summer School classes for adults start on May 21, 2012.Call 033 22825370 for more information and to make an appointment for our free level test. Information about courses is available on http://www.britishcouncil.org/india-english-learnenglishinkolkata.htmCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12890043", "title": "String of shows in Chandigarh Art and Heritage Festival", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The second day of the Chandigarh Art and Heritage Festival witnessed some mesmerizing classical vocal recital by Vasundhara and Kalapini Komkali, wife and daughter respectively of legend Pandit Kumar Gandharv, termed 'Riturang'. A lecture accompanied with a slide show called 'landscape as canvas' by Subodh Kerkar added variety to the fest.The festival theme of nature (prakriti/qudrat) found expression in Vasundhara and Kalapini's recital as they presented lok geet, bhajan and thumri. The virtuoso vocalists presented seasonal melodies dedicated to nature and its activities.The four-day festival had started on Wednesday with a dance theatre performance 'JALAM', a contemporary take on water and its many forms of energies, by Samudra Performing Arts of Kerela, staged at Tagore Theatre. An exhibition of paintings 'Landscapes in miniature: a quiet passion by Bireswar Sen' had started at Alliance Francaise, Chandigarh and a four-day art workshop on 'exhibition of photographs and installation' by Subodh Kerkar was inaugurated on the first day. Eminent theatre director Kumardas is also running a theatre workshop as part of the festival at Tagore Theatre.On Friday, a lecture cum slideshow on 'landscape after battle- nature in transit' by Johny M L will be organized at Government Art Museum and Art Gallery-10 at 5pm while \"uncharted seas\", a dance performance by Aditi Mangaldas Dance Company will be staged at Tagore Theatre at 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12890075", "title": "Anna Hazare writes to Prime Minister on corruption issue", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare has written a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh reminding him to implement the United Nations Convention Against Corruption 2003 signed by India and the report of the 1993 A N Vohra committee on criminalisation of politics.In a letter posted on April 25, Hazare said that though India signed the UN convention nine years ago, it is unfortunate that no action has been taken.\"Despite being a signatory our government is not letting the institutions, established to fight corruption, to function independently. Is it not prudent to assume that the government does not want to strengthen such institutions? Till corruption is nipped in the bud, the future of our country would remain bleak,\" Hazare said in the letter, adding that both the UN convention and the Vohra committee report raised concerns and fears, but there was no action. \"It is a matter of grave concern,\" Hazare added. The Gandhian said that the Vohra committee report contained several observations \"made by official agencies on the criminal network which was virtually running a parallel government... It also discussed criminal gangs who enjoyed the patronage of politicians and the protection of government functionaries. It revealed that there was a nexus between gangs, police, bureaucrats and politicians. It has been almost two decades since Vohra committee report was submitted, but we are yet to act on the report,\" Hazare said in the letter.He said that it was necessary to confront the 'plague' which has made the anti-corruption laws defunct. \"Corruption has reached enormous proportions and all the mechanisms established to fight the menace have proved futile,\" Hazare stated in the letter.\"I request you and your cabinet to read the UN convention which was signed by our government and also the 1993 Vohra report again. It is possible that due to your busy schedule you may have forgotten the details and findings of the report. I request you to implement the recommendation of the Vohra report,\" Hazare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12888511", "title": "Gangs of Wasseypur set for world premier at Cannes", "text": "MUMBAI: Noted filmmaker Anurag Kashyap's latest directorial venture 'Gangs of Wasseypur' will premiere in the Directors Fortnight section of the 65th Cannes Film Festival, which will be held in the second week of May.Directors Fortnight is a non-competitive section at the Cannes Film Festival. Since its inception, it has showcased the first films of Werner Herzog, Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Nagisa Oshima, George Lucas, Martin Scorsese and Ken Loach.Apart from GOW which has been made in two parts, the third film 'Peddlers' will also be screened at the festival. \"Three of our films; Peddlers, Gangs Of Wasseypur (I &amp; II) at Cannes Film Festival. \"HUGE MOMENT OF PRIDE FOR US!\" Kashyap tweeted after the official announcement of the line-up of the films.Kashyap is considered to be the pioneer of new age cinema in India. Most of his films including 'The Girl In Yellow Boots', 'Paanch', Dev D, 'No Smoking' and 'Black Friday' have travelled to almost all international film festivals of the world. He has also been on the jury of Venice Film Festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887833", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Delhi mulls additional fee on parking on public land", "text": "NEW DELHI: MCD is conducting a study to assess the feasibility of levying additional parking fee on vehicles parked on public land, especially in residential colonies. This comes after the special task force directives.While the government and the civic agency are considering increasing parking rates and levying new fee to bring down vehicular load, little has been done to provide new parking lots. Of the 41 multi-level parking projects conceived by Municipal Corporation of Delhi in the last five years, only one stack-parking behind Shiela Cinema at Paharganj, has been made operational. Together, the parking lots would have accommodated over 17,000 cars but all MCD could do in five years was to add space for 90 cars.Unable to complete the parking projects, MCD has blamed other civic agencies for the delay. MCD officials accused agencies like Delhi Jal Board (DJB) and Archeological Survey of India (ASI) of holding up these projects. \"Shifting of DJB pipelines, getting clearances from the forest department, ASI and other agencies and delay in issuing tender bids are responsible for the delay. Some projects had to be dropped, as shifting of services was not feasible,\" said an MCD official.But with work unfinished, MCD went ahead inaugurating these parking lots. Parking lots at Parade Ground and Hauz Khas were inaugurated ahead of the municipal polls before their completion. The Hauz Khas parking project was conceived in 2008 with a deadline of 18 months. For the delay in completing the project MCD blamed the environment ministry. \"The parking lot at Hauz Khas has three levels and work on two is still on. The shaft, lift-chamber and staircase are still under construction,\" said the official. The multi-level automated parking at Kamla Nagar has missed two deadlines in five years and won't be ready in the next four months. Other projects in Karol Bagh, GK-I, Defence Colony, South Extension-I and II, and Lajpat Nagar are yet to take off.Currently, parking is a problem in front of houses, offices and markets. \"The lanes of colonies are left with single lane for the movement of traffic with cars parked on both sides. Lack of space in residential areas compounds the problem. Even commercial vehicles like taxis, trucks and buses add up to the parking woes, as they are parked on the main roads. Space should be dedicated to them,\" said Monu Chadha, president, Jangpura RWA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12888083", "title": "Noon-meal staff strike over poor pay, pension", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 102 office bearers and committee members of the Tamil Nadu Noon Meal Employees association are on a 72-hour fast demanding better wages and pension from the state government.Association members claimed that they have been fighting for their cause for the last 30 years and even chief minister J Jayalalithaa in her campaign rallies had claimed that their demands were just and would be given top priority in her government. \"We are now trying to gain her attention to the issue through this hunger strike,' said M Innasimuthu, member, Tamil Nadu Noon Meal Employees Association.The protesters had assembled in front of Hotel Tamil Nadu near Gandhipuram in the city on Wednesday itself but were arrested and removed from the spot by the police citing that they did not have the necessary permission to conduct a fast at the site. However, they were allowed to return to the spot late in the night and a shamiyana was erected at the spot under which they are carrying out their protest.\"At the moment our salary starts from Rs 4,000 to Rs 6,000 depending on our seniority and our pension is just Rs 500. Even police dogs serving in the dog squad are treated in a better manner by the state government. We hope we are given a better deal,\" Innasimuthu added.The employees are also asking the government to improve the quality of the food materials supplied for the daily noon-meal scheme. They are also demanding that better stipend be paid to those working in schools located in hill stations and remote areas. The protest has not affected noon-meal distribution in government schools as some of their colleagues have been exempted from the protest to ensure that the children are given their daily meals at the schools, the protestors claimed.\"We are requesting the government to consider our demand and ensure our well being,\" said N Devaki, a noon-meal staff at a government school in Ooty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12887703", "title": "Wooing voters society-wise", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: With a clear focus on Gujarat state assembly elections scheduled for December 2012, the state government has decided a novel way to woo the urban voter.It has come up with a new scheme for the state's private urban housing societies under which they would have to fund just 20 per cent of the cost going into the construction of internal roads, pavements, street lights and drinking water pipelines.A government resolution (GR) issued on this by the urban development department said, as for the rest of the amount, 70 per cent will be paid by the state government and 10 per cent by the urban local body.There is, however, a flip side to the scheme, which will force the societies to lose their privacy.A senior state bureaucrat explained, \"Since the state government and the urban local body will be funding 80 per cent of the cost for constructing of internal streets, these housing societies will be obliged to open them for public use. In fact, the societies will have to give it in writing to allow the internal streets to be used by outsiders.\"He added, \"The state government decided to come up with the scheme because municipal corporations and municipalities were funding internal infrastructure of housing societies in a haphazard manner. While the some local bodies were funding such infrastructure fully, others demanded to meet some amount of the expense, fixed arbitrarily.\"Urban housing societies of all eight municipal corporations and 159 municipalities can take advantage of the scheme, for which the state government has set aside Rs 500 crore in the budget.To be operationalised on \"first come first serve\" basis, the housing societies that want to take advantage of the scheme would have to either get an approving signature of all its members or pass a resolution their general body meeting. After getting formal approval from the urban local body, the housing societies will have to deposit 20 per cent of the amount with the respective authorities.The societies that decide to deposit 30 per cent of the total amount will be given priority, the GR underlines, adding, as for the housing societies of the urban poor, they would have to pay just 10 per cent of the total cost.Of the Rs 500 crore set aside for the scheme, which is named after the chief minister, Rs 100 crore have been set aside for Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) alone. Surat gets Rs 75 crore, Vadodara Rs 50 crore, Rajkot Rs 40 crore, Jamnagar and Bhavnagar Rs 15 crore each, Junagarh Rs 10 crore and Gandhinagar Rs 8.25 crore.Then, a sum of Rs 186.75 crore has allocated for 159 municipalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12888592", "title": "Solar street lights to illuminate 35 villages", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Finally, the wait is over. Solar streetlights is being installed in 54 colonies of 35 villages spread over 13 blocks of the district.With Center and state government authorities' sanctioned adequate funds to install as many as 256 solar street lights, the UP New &amp; Renewable Energy Development Authorities has done a remarkable job to illuminate villages with solar run streetlights in identified colonies.The installation of solar streetlights have been taken up at Chaka, Dhanupur, Handia, Kaurihar, Koroan, Kotwa, Manda, Meja, Phulpur, Pratappur, Ram Nagar, Saidabad and Shankargarh blocks. The UPNEDA officials have taken up the project to install solar run street lights after identifying a total of 54 colonies/localities which lack proper lighting arrangements for years, and this was the first time, when such measures were being taken up to illuminate these colonies.The installation cost of each solar run street light is around Rs 18,500. And, since, the installation of solar run street lights was being done in villagers, UPNEDA officials claim that people in rural sectors are attracting towards solar-based equipments like solar lanterns, solar home-lights, solar streetlights and solar water heater. Positively, biomass gassifires for producing electricity through paddy and wood pieces has also become popular among masses in UP villages. The fact is that the rising cost of electricity has been forcing urban and rural masses to think over natural resources, which is comparatively cheaper.This is an acknowledgement that solar energy is renewable.With UP New &amp; Renewable Energy Development Authority (NEDA) introducing eco-friendly apparatuses, consumers have now a plethora of options.Project officer (UPNEDA), R N Dwivedi says, \"Solar energy is incontestably one such alternative, which can perform the domestic requirements of electricity. There are several return of solar energy, the primary being its renewable nature and non-vanishing nature.\"The option of solar energy is always available. Officials claim that solar cells are totally silent and they can extract energy from the sun without making a noise.Secondly, solar energy is non-polluting.Dwivedi further claimed that solar cells require very little maintenance and its related equipment could be shifted from one site to another easily.Although solar panels or solar lights may be expensive during the initial purchase, but in long term one can save money.Dwivedi said that a large number of people are eager to know the benefits of solar-run equipments. Equipment like solar water heater, solar home lights and solar lanterns are in demand both in rural and urban areas. Industrial and non-industrial units, educational institutions, government and semi-government buildings are demanding these equipment.Meanwhile, UPNEDA officials informed that a 5 MW solar power plant is also being set up at Naini area of the district. Officials added that this solar power plant is directly producing electricity to the Grid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12890309", "title": "Rains dampen harvested grain, standing crop, farmers' hopes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rains, accompanied by fast blowing winds in many areas of the state on Thursday, caused damage to standing wheat crop, even as panicky farmers prayed for skies to clear.Rains also increased the moisture content in wheat and Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) has advised famers to delay harvesting until the weather clears up.The rain not only damaged standing crop, but also delayed harvesting, which has already been delayed due to prolonged winters.Some farmers, who had already harvested a part of their wheat crop and were already in mandis for sale, said that the rain caught them unawares and their wheat was now wet.\"Heaps of wheat lying in the open have been severely dampened. It will take at least two days to dry up,\" said Sucha Singh, a farmer in Ferozepur grain market.While most crops in Doaba region are still to be harvested, those who have brought it to the mandis are also facing problems and are worried as the quality is being affected due to rain.\"We need continuous sunlight for perfect ripening of the crop and its harvesting. But with intermittent rains and cloudy days, the crop is still having moisture,\" said Gurpreet Singh, who owns farms in Phagwara and Hoshiarpur.\"Though combine harvesters are finishing the harvest at good speed, it is a must to have dry grains,\" he added.Rattan Singh, a farmer from Amritsar district, said that not only wheat crop in many parts of Amritsar and Tarn Taran has flattened, but the moisture content has also risen to more than 16% whereas procurement agencies were buying wheat having moisture content of only upto 12%.Meanwhile, the met department has predicted rain and thunderstorm over next two-three days in both Punjab and Haryana.In its forecast, the department said that light rain or thunderstorm may occur at a few places in Punjab and Haryana in the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12888455", "title": "Dacoits attack, loot old couple", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Around six unidentified armed and masked criminals raided the house of a flour mill owner during the intervening night of Wednesday and Thursday. They attacked the owner and his wife and decamped with cash, jewellery and other valuables worth several lakhs. The incident took place under Meja police circle. The victims a middle aged couple who are battling for lives at a city-based nursing home.Police said that the incident came to light on Thursday morning when locals spotted them in a pool of blood and informed the police.The couple was identified as Kailash Chandra Shukla (50) and his wife Sheela (45), were admitted to a private nursing home where their condition was stated to be critical.Circle officer, Meja, told TOI that a group of miscreants armed with weapons and sticks had attacked the couple when they were sleeping at the courtyard of their house. He added that preliminary investigations claimed that the criminals had raided the house with an objective of loot and thrashed couple when they resisted.Police have been investigating as to how the criminals managed to enter the courtyard of the house. Station officer, Meja police station, told TOI that the victim runs a small flour mill and the couple was residing alone. The couple had sustained serious head injuries.Upon receiving information, senior police authorities reached the spot and started investigations. A case has been registered in this connection. The locals of the area demanded police authorities to work out the case at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12888677", "title": "Arjun Munda to inaugurate Rs 440 crore cement plant", "text": "BOKARO: Chief minister Arjun Munda and chairman of the Steel Authourity of India Limited (SAIL), C S Verma, will dedicate a 2.1 MTPA capacity cement plant to the state, a joint venture with Jaypee Group and SAIL at Balidih industrial area here on Friday.This will be the fourth major cement plant of the state. The equity participation of the two partners - Jaypee and SAIL in the new company - Bokaro Jaypee Cement Plant (BOJCL) - is 76:24. The chairman of BOJCL, Sanjay Gaur, will also be present at the function. The BOJCL plant comprises two mills of 1.7 tonnes capacity each. The company's cement production is on in one of its mills since May last year. With both mills functioning, the plant would be able to produce 340 tonnes cement per hour. The plant has come up at an estimated cost of Rs 440 crore.BSL sources said that Verma, along with other SAIL officers including director, technical, S S Mohanty, director, personnel, B B Singh and chief executive officer, Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL), Anutosh Maitra will be present in the function.Preparation for the inaugural ceremony has almost been completed. The administration has also strengthened security arrangements in the city.However, various displaced groups have threatened to hold demonstrations against SAIL chairman C S Verma to protest the non fulfillment of their demands for job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889873", "title": "Weather swing makes summer rather cool", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Get ready for more sudden showers and thunderstorms as the Chandigarh meteorological department has predicted that bad weather conditions will prevail for the next three to four days. The department also predicts that Saturday will see darker clouds and heavy rain and thunderstorm. The temperature too is expected to come down in the coming days, said met department officials.Sudden rain and thunderstorms have become routine in the city since April 10. This has resulted in bringing down the minimum and maximum temperature abnormally, bringing back the chill in the air.Even on Thursday, after a hot sunny morning, the sky got covered with clouds and the rainfall started unexpectedly, leaving commuters running for cover. The maximum temperature on Thursday was recorded at approximately 34 degrees celsius but after the rainfall it dipped by 5 degrees celsius.The Chandigarh meteorological department director, Surinder Pal said, \"The maximum temperature drops everyday by a few degrees as the day progresses, but these days it is dipping more than normal. Even last year there was rain and thunderstorms but this time it has become more frequent and sometimes the gales are stronger and the rain heavy. The weather in April this year has been inconsistent.\"The Met department maintains that western disturbances are the main reasons behind these weather changes.However, the residents suffering because of the unpredictable weather. Kushal Verma said, \"This erratic weather and sudden rainfall is only making people anxious. You never know when it will start raining.\"However some residents are fine with the cloudy conditions as they are liking the 'pleasant' weather.\"The sky should remain cloudy but it should not rain as then you have no option but to stay indoors,\" said Tara Vashisht, a second year B.Com student living in Sector 15.Kriti Sharma, a resident of Sector 32 said, \"Chandigarh's weather is becoming as unpredictable as Shimla, where the sky suddenly becomes overcast and it starts raining. We should carry our umbrellas with us everyday, be it sunny or cloudy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887001", "title": "\u2018Norms violated to hike project cost\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Violation of norms seems to be the trend in the state while accepting escalation in contract costs for irrigation projects.Even as TOI carried reports (Contractor ups cost of dam near city 150% in 2 years and Dam shame: Now, builder hikes cost by 500% in Karjat) highlighting how incredibly high cost escalations were approved in case of two dam projects in Raigad district, a government-appointed fact-finding committee found blatant violations in a large number of contracts awarded in Vidarbha between 2006 and 2010.The state government had appointed a one-member committee comprising retired principal secretary (water resources) Nandkumar Vadnere in March 2010 to review all contracts above Rs 1 crore allotted by the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) during the period in light of complaints received against it.The panel was asked to probe allegations of violation of norms while accepting revision in estimates. The eight-point terms of reference for the panel also included a finding on whether technical sanctions were sought before accepting and processing revised estimates.The findings, which were placed before the legislature during the recent session, revealed that cost escalation in 156 tenders was accepted in violation of government norms. During the four-year period, the VIDC awarded 419 tenders worth Rs 11,410 crore.The panel found that the changes in the scope and specification of projects, which were not a part of the original tender condition, resulted in cost escalation in 41 cases. Higher tax rates ( VAT, excise duty, insurance, service tax, works contract tax etc) and higher rates for construction material (cement, steel and sand) led to a hike in cost in 84 and 56 cases, respectively. Additional royalty charges were paid in 21 cases.The panel's findings revealed that technical assessment reports were not submitted before approving cost escalations in many cases. Also, the committee found that the base rate for an item was hiked while revising the estimate in several cases.In some cases, rates over and above the scheduled rates were \"derived\" at the time of computing the original contract and the revised contract cost. Approvals required to sanction higher rates were not obtained from the competent authority, it was revealed.The committee recommended the adoption of a new holistic policy and also suggested that discretionary powers granted at various levels be curbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12890326", "title": "Three accused get life term in double murder case", "text": "BANGALORE: The fast-track court-II at the City Civil Court complex on Thursday sentenced three persons, including a woman, to life imprisonment for murdering a 30-year-old woman and her 12-year-old daughter at Srirampuram in 2007. The trio had given them 'doodh pedas' laced with drugs and slit their throats with a knife.Judge GS Revankar also slap-ped a fine of Rs 15,000 on each of the three convicted, R Surendran, 29, his live-in partner Vindhya alias Chella, 25, both from Kollapadi, Vellore (Tamil Nadu) and Kaptan Khan, 22 , from Ajmer.Pushpa and Ramya were killed in their residence on January 4, 2007, when Pushpa's husband Shekhar and daughter Soumya had gone to Sabarimala.Vindhya turned up at the house and gave them 'doodh pedas' laced with drugs, claiming it was her birthday. While Pushpa lost consciousness, Ramya was semi-conscious when Vindhya took out a kitchen knife and tried in vain to slit her throat. The other two accused arrived at the spot, and Surendran helped Vindhya kill Ramya and Pushpa. They fled, taking away Rs16,000 cash from the house and Pushpa's gold jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12890154", "title": "Education opportunities in UK post London Olympics feared to shrink", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Education opportunities in UK post London Olympics are likely to be drastically reduced due to debt crisis in Europe and strict visa regimes.\"We feel education funding in the UK post London Olympics will go the Australia way after attack on Indians,\" Rajneesh Bansal, executive director of one of the top money exchange chains in Punjab, told TOI.At present, 30% out of a total of Rs 12 crore per month outgo of remittances to other countries are sent to UK for supporting education of Punjabi students in that country but the opportunities created by the Olympics will go away now, once the biggest sports event of the world is over mid this year.The economy of England had seen some extra capacity to absorb manpower and students pre-Olympics but those opportunities are feared to shrink and unemployment due to debt crisis has already forced a stricter visa regime making it almost impossible to settle in the UK. Punjabis have been pursuing education abroad to find an opportunity to settle in those countries but UK is now discouraging outsiders.The money transfer companies foresee the fall in their business within two years of their opportunities vanishing in Australia after attacks on Indian students. Two years back, Australia constituted 90% of outgo of money transfer for education purposes. It is almost \"negligible\" now.Immediately after the Australian crisis, Punjabis started going to the United Kingdom for education in large numbers. However, loss to the money transfer companies could be a gain of Indian education institutions as these students will look for opportunities in India as US is not a very popular education destination for Punjabi masses.To compensate for the loss on education money transfer funds, money transfer companies, also sending money for travelers, are targeting a hefty growth in tourism and travel. They have set a target of 40% rise in funding about for travelers.Punjab, however, is lagging behind in travelling compared to South Indian states which are booming due to business and education opportunities.Punjab's position as a state getting remittances has also slipped to third position with Tamil Nadu topping and followed by Uttar Pradesh. Punjab is the third largest receiver of remittances.European crisis, however, has not affected flow of personal remittances as one of the biggest dealers Paul Merchant alone has seen 2.25 billion dollar remittances during 2011-2012, up from 1.83 billion dollars in 2010-2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12890603", "title": "Private dosage may improve health scene", "text": "Roping in private sector partners can help in improving UP's healthcare. The state has explored and piloted some Public Private Partnerships (PPPs) apart from outsourcing contracts. However, it has failed to capitalise on the enormous potential, especially in areas of service delivery, human resource training and production. One of the key reasons for UP's inability to explore the full potential of the private partnership model has been the low capacity of the health directorate to design and manage PPPs and outsourcing contracts.At present more than 60% of inpatient care and over 90% of outpatient care is delivered through private sector partnerships. The share of private health expenditure in total health expenditure at 87% is higher than the national average of 80%.To enhance productivity among the health staff, the government needs to increase its investment for harnessing the technical, managerial and financial capabilities of the private sector. If the state government can, at the same time, make its regulation mechanism more robust, the concern of variable quality of the private sector can also be addressed.Uttar Pradesh's health system is also affected by the problem of diffused accountability, especially among elected officials, local administrators and citizens. According to a 2008 study on accountability in the health sector, it was found that the panchayati raj institutions in UP have no formal role and little participation in health system functions, including a chance to review state-level decisions, planning, budgeting or management of local staff. Social audits are a rarity as well. The Village Health and Sanitation Committees, which are the major social accountability mechanisms under NRHM, have been formed only in less than 30% of villages; and most of them are yet to become functional (Annual Report of NRHM, 2009).Absenteeism, high-staff turnover, lack of appropriate training/skills, absence of citizen grievance redressal cell, and monitoring failures combine to undermine sector performance. \"Community-driven accountability mechanisms are mandatory for improved service delivery. This is an area, where UP lags behind. For the healthcare delivery mechanism to be a sustainable one, a community-led approach is mandatory,\" said Virendra Pandey, programme coordinator, disaster management cell, United Nations Development Programme.Through systematic planning, investment and a supportive regulatory environment, the government can delegate work to private sector partners for improving quality of service delivery. Once the government puts in place these standards and procedures, monitoring the quality of private partners and that of the healthcare delivery in the state will also fall in place.Recently, India has seen the National Clinical Establishment Act and National Board of Accreditation of Hospitals (NABH) coming into existence. They now provide a framework to develop a set of uniform standards that can be adopted to enable health facilities, both in the public and private sectors. Uttar Pradesh can also learn from this model and address the human resource gaps in the state.At present, UP has about one registered doctor (public or private) for every 4,150 persons. In comparison, India's fares better. The shortfall in numbers is consistent with the vacancies sanctioned in the public sector posts (about 19% for doctors and 19% for nurses ). If UP can give incentives to the private sector to engage more with the public health set-up in the state, it can expect to better its performance on all health indicators in very little time. For this to become reality, the government will have to show serious political will.Despite the state government's projections, health infrastructure facilities at the grass-roots are considerably short of UP's actual needs. There may be 135 district hospitals, 602 CHCs; 2,676 PHCs and 20,521 health sub-centres functional in the state, but only a handful of them are able to delivery quality healthcare to the visiting patients.By the state's own confession, though, healthcare in UP -- both urban and rural -- is far from being robust. In the Annual Plan of the stat government in 2011-12, it accepted that health facilities in urban areas were also not getting adequate financial support. With increasing urbanisation and growth of slums, UP said that there was a need for improving primary health care services in urban areas. One of the major concerns raised was need for more urban health posts and centres to be established in identified urban slums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12887707", "title": "Sardarpura massacre case witness alleges boycott", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Hindu witness in Sardarpura massacre case has complained that villagers have boycotted him and even targeted him for speaking against the rioters.During a media briefing on Thursday, Mangabhai Raval said he testified against the rioters and many of those whom he had named were convicted. Raval said he was running a tea stall, but people stopped coming to his shop and he had to close it.\"Before I was to depose, they told me not to speak against them. After conviction, they pressurized me to leave the place. There are systematic efforts on part of the authorities for eviction,\" he said. He has filed a complaint before the higher authorities in this regard.Other witnesses of the case claimed that they had cited specific instances that showed that there was a conspiracy behind the attack in which 33 persons were killed on March 1, 2002. The special court refused to believe that it was a conspiracy and held that the attack was a spontaneous reaction of Godhra carnage.Social activist Teesta Setalvad said the witnesses have appealed against the trial court's decision that it was not a conspiracy though the SIT and state government do not press hard on this aspect. The Gujarat high court is likely to hear the appeals on Friday for admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12888560", "title": "Police inaction affecting probe into Ajmal's death", "text": "KANNUR: Public ire is mounting against the state police in the probe into the mysterious death of Ajmal Haris, an engineering student of Sha Shib College, Chikballapur, Karnataka, last month.According DYFI district secretary P Santhosh, the investigation has hit a roadblock as the state police is not helping the cops from Karnataka who visited many times to nab the accused. The DYFI and SFI will hold a dharna before the district collectorate on April 28.The deceased student's father Haris M also attended the press meet. He said the Karnataka cops have expressed their helplessness in nabbing culprits without the help from cops here.\"Even before the Karnataka police arrived at houses of the accused in Kannur and Kasargod, they absconded. It means that someone is informing them of the police move. To avoid this, the Kerala police should take stringent measures,\" he said.Ajmal (18) had suffered fatal burn injuries under mysterious circumstances in the college hostel on March 22 and died on March 30 at Victoria Hospital in Bangalore.Though it was earlier said to be a case of suicide following ragging, Ajmal's family, based on the statement of Ajmal, says that he was murdered by a group of students. Meanwhile, the college authorities have claimed that they have not received any report about ragging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12889354", "title": "Madhya Pradesh state electricity board merged into power company", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government merged the MP state electricity board (MPSEB) with the newly formed MP power management company Ltd (MPPMCL) in a bid to streamline the working and improve efficiency.With this, the five-decade-old Board that ran the power sector's show in MP ceases to exist as a separate identity.State's energy secretary Mohammad Suleman told TOI, \"The work of transferring the staffers to the companies formed after unbundling of MPSEB, had been completed on April 10\".Though five companies, including three power distribution companies, carved out of MPSEB during its unbundling on November 1, 2002 under the MP Vidyut Sudhar Adhiniyam 2000, the Board was managing the cash flow, looking after employees and doing other activities of its offshoots. Later on, one more company - MP power trading company was carved out from MPSEB.Madhya Pradesh Electricity Board (MPEB) came into existence on November 1, 1956. It was once concerned to be one of the best Boards in the country with a huge financial reserve.After Chhattisgarh was carved out of MP, MPEB was rechristened as MPSEB on November 1, 2000. Little before renaming formation of MPSEB, its financial condition started deteriorating. But after the creation of Chhattisgarh, the Board's financial health turned \"worrisome\" as it had to part with some its power stations to the new state. The agriculture load remained intact with MPSEB.Even there was a legal wrangling between two states over what they called inequitable distribution of asset and liabilities of MPEB.Meanwhile, the biggest body of the power sector staffers - MP Vidyut Abhiyanta Sangh general secretary Pawan Jain said the government has taken the decision of merging the Board with MPPMCL in a haste adding that their pension issue matter has not yet been sorted out.struggling hard to shape up its crisis-ridden power sector on Thursday made one more experiment by merging MP State Electricity Board (MPSEB) with the newly formed MP power management company Ltd (MPPMCL) here.With this, the five-decade-old Board that ran the power sector's show in MP ceases to exist as a separate identity.The state government has merged the Board with MPPMCL, MPenergy secretary Mohammad Suleman told TOI. The work of transferring the staffers to the companies formed after unbundling of MPSEB, had been completed on April 10.Though five companies, including three power distribution ones, fruited out of MPSEB during its unbundling on November 1, 2002 under MP Vidyut Sudhar Adhiniyam 2000, the Board was managing the cash flow, looking after employees and doing other activities of its offshoots. Later on, one more company - MP power trading company was carved out from MPSEB. The companies were formed to bring in professionalism, accountability and free power sector from government control and dependency.Madhya Pradesh Electricity Board (MPEB) came into existence on November 1, 1956. It was once concerned to be one of the best Boards in the country with a huge financial reserve.After Chhattisgarh was carved out of MP, MPEB was rechristened as MPSEB on November 1, 2000. Little before renaming formation of MPSEB, its financial condition started detitorating. But after the creation of Chhattisgarh, the Board's financial health turned \"worrisome\" as it had to part with some its power stations. The agriculture load remained intact with MPSEB due to farming, especially soyabean crop in Malwa region of the state. \"Just a speck of agriculture load went to Chhattisgarh.Even there was a legal wrangling between two states over what they called inequitable distribution of asset and liabilities of MPEB.Meanwhile, the biggest body of the power sector staffers - MP Vidyut Abhiyanta Sangh general secretary Pawan Jain said the government has taken the decision of merging the Board with MPPMCL in a haste adding that their pension issue matter has not yet been sorted out.Power crisis was plaguing the state which witness power cuts ranging from two hours to 14 hours daily during the Rabi season. All the companies were running into huge losses even after a decade of reform in power sector. MP was among the seven states were the cost of electricity was at very higher side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12886753", "title": "Elusive Thane crocodile finally crawls into trap", "text": "THANE: A 12-year-old crocodile, seven-foot-long and weighing nearly 200 kg, was captured alive from Upvan lake early on Thursday. The reptile was under the observation of a 15-member team of forest officials and animal lovers for the past 45 days.A specially-manufactured massive nylon trap was set up by animal lover Kailash Barole and his team along with the forest officials since the last 10 days to catch the reptile which had been surviving on fish and tortoises in the lake.The reptile was shifted to the crocodile habitat at Tulsi lake in the Sanjay Gandhi National Park ( SGNP) later in the day. Now, the lake precincts could soon be commercially exploited by private parties for ecotourism-related activities. There is no information on how the crocodile came to the lake but it is believed that the reptile had been living there for the last five to six years.\"We had been monitoring her movements for the last one-and-a-half months. Our team members zeroed in on the corners she frequented for food and the time when she was most active. As she lived on fish for too long, we had to introduce her to eat chicken, the bait. Initially, she rejected it but soon started feeding on it regularly,\" said Barole.The reptile was found to be most active between 2 am and 4 am. Accordingly, the net was placed on bamboo poles and chicken was kept at the spot frequented by her for food.Barole said that the reptile has strong instincts and on quite a few occasions she quickly retreated from the trap without eating the food. However, on Thursday around 4 am, the unsuspecting crocodile fell in the trap.The crocodile was pulled out of the waters. A veterinarian examined the reptile and gave the go-ahead to shift her. Forest officials have installed a micro-chip inside her body to track her movements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12890092", "title": "3 main rotaries to wear a blooming look", "text": "LUDHIANA: Soon, three chowks of the city will be beautified. The municipal corporation has decided to give a new look to Middha Chowk, Ishmeet Chowk and Chattar Singh Park Chowk with concrete base and all-weather flower plants.With it, the rundown chowks will no more wear a neglected look with garbage strewn on them and stray dogs roaming around.The civic body has also decided to fix responsibility, so that its officials review their condition every month.''It is good that these rotaries will be beautified. A polluted city like Ludhiana should have some green and beautiful spots. But at the same time, it is important that the MC keeps a track of these, so that the rotaries do not face neglect again,'' said Amrit Kaur, a homemaker and resident of Pakhowal Road.A businessman and resident of Civil Lines, Gagan Khanna, said, ''It will be nice if these chowks get a makeover. It is a positive step... MC should improve more such sites. But once beautified, these rotaries should not be forgotten.''Joint MC commissioner and head of horticulture branch A S Sekhon said, ''The three main chowks will get a concrete base and flower plants. Grills will also be set up to save them from damage. The work will start soon and residents will definitely like it.''About accountability of officers, he said, ''Officials will be responsible for each rotary. They will make sure their plants don't dry up, else strict action will be taken against them.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12890516", "title": "Allahabad University violence spills onto roads", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Agitating Allahabad University students on Thursday went on a rampage after being lathi-charged by the police and PAC personnel on the campus. The rampaging mob of students burnt two private vehicles in the university and also torched the official vehicle of the ADM (civil supplies) and a UPSRTC bus. The entire campus and adjoining areas resembled a battle ground with stones and shards of glass littered all around.Superintendent of police (SP) Shailesh Kumar Yadav told TOI: \"The situation is now under control. RAF and PAC personnel have been deployed at all sensitive spots and police patrolling has been intensified. A tight vigil is being maintained, specially at the hostels, and efforts are on to nab the mischief-mongers.\" Barricades have been put up by the police at the University Road, Bank Road, Katra crossing.Reports said the house of the chief proctor and the varsity guest house were set afire by the students who also indulged in heavy brick-batting.The violence erupted when the police used force to disperse scores of AU hostellers who were picketing the V-C against their eviction from hostels. As the V-C was being escorted and taken to his car under protection by the police, students clashed with the latter and indulged in heavy brick-batting. In the ensuing melee, a number of students sustained injuries. They damaged the glass windows of the Senate Hall and the North Hall besides the furniture kept in the gallery of the V-C's office.When the police chased away the agitators, they assembled outside the campus and indulged in heavy brick-batting. The agitators then came out on the Moti Lal Nehru Road and threw started-pelting stones at the passing vehicles. A UPSRTC bus was badly damaged and some passersby were injured in the heavy rain of boulders.All the roads leading to the main gates of AU, i.e., KPUC Gate and the Library Gate were closed. Katra shopkeepers downed their shutters to escape students' fury. The agitators even torched a car and a bus on the Motilal Nehru Road and created ruckus at Lakshmi Crossing. Shopkeepers and people were seen running helter and skelter. The students later also set on fire the University guest house near Chetham Lines. Two cars of varsity faculty were also torched.Scores of hostellers of various AU hostels were staging an agitation at the office of the V-C since Wednesday. When they did not allow any AU official or V-C Prof A K Singh to leave the office till Thursday evening, the police and the district administration had to intervene.A meeting between the district and police officials and the AU authorities was held at the V-C's office and an effort was made to placate the students. However, all the efforts, including a written statement by varsity administration, failed to cut much ice and the protesters started creating ruckus.Earlier in the evening, the varsity authorities had tried in vain to placate the students by taking a lenient view of their demands. \"The V-C appeals to all the students to return back to their hostels and prepare for their exams,\" said AU PRO Prof P K Sahoo. He further said that the varsity, with the support of district administration, will take necessary action for evicting all the illegal inmates from all the hostels. \"However, considering the demands of the inmates who are appearing in different competitive exams, the V-C has constituted a three-member committee to look into the entire issue. The varsity would take action accordingly,\" said the PRO.Sources said that the AU authorities have send a letter to the Union Ministry of Human Resource and Development mentioning in detail the developments at the campus and the stand of AU authorities in purging the hostels of unscrupulous elements.A press statement of the dean, student welfare, sated that \"AU authorities have once again made it clear that all the inmates are instructed to vacate their allocated rooms within a fortnight after the end of their exams. However, the information stating that the hostellers have to vacate their rooms on April 27 or April 30 is totally false and they are free to meet the chief proctor or the DSW and apprise them of their problems\".The hostellers had started their agitation on Wednesday morning against eviction from hostels and were picketing the V-C's office. Two girl hostellers, Seema Rana of Sarojini Naidu Hostel (SNH) and Manju Saroj of Shatabdi Hostel, fell sick on Wednesday night. Although they were immediately rushed to a private nursing home, vital tests could be conducted only after 1.00 pm on Thursday after the DSW office intervened. Another inmate of Shatabdi hostel, Nidhi Rai of MA-I, and a guard too were injured in the scuffle at V-C's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887342", "title": "Water supply, sewerage may be a separate unit", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC's executive wing is working towards pulling out the water supply and sewerage disposal department and creating a separate entity within the ambit of the civic body. US-based firm, Deloitte , has been appointed by the civic body to conduct the feasibility study. The firm is likely to submit the report in the next few days. The separate entity is likely to be on the lines of Brihanmumbai Electricity Supply and Transport (BEST) undertaking, giving more autonomy to the water supply and sewerage disposal department (WSSD).If the proposal materializes, it would allow the civic body to introduce more specialized functions within the unit like hiring water and sewerage experts. It would automatically usher in more autonomy within the system, which is plagued by interference from various quarters. Municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar said, \"The draft will be ready in the next few days. The entire process is going to take some time.\"The idea of a separate WSSD is the brainchild of the current municipal commissioner, who had floated the idea when he was the additional municipal commissioner (projects). But the proposal was shot down due to lack of political will. The process was once again revived last year. Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner, said, \"It will certainly remain within the ambit of the BMC. If this works out, it would allow us to provide more specialized services to the citizens. Services would certainly improve \"The civic administration has maintained that the proposal would be employee-centric. \"We are weighing out options of giving more incentives to our employees. This would ensure that the work quality improves,\" said Jalota. Sources suggest that the firm is likely to elaborate on three options available with the civic body-a company like the existing system in London , separate agency on the lines of Delhi Jal Board, an undertaking like that of BEST. Once the draft is presented, the administration will discuss it and then present it before the civic house.Experts have welcomed the municipal chief's idea. Former civic chief Sharad Kale said, \"This idea is welcomed but it needs to be examined seriously.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12888199", "title": "National Institute of Nutrition develops food contamination detection kits", "text": "HYDERABAD: Low-cost pathogen kits, used to check food contamination, were released at the National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) here on Thursday. The Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR)-based kits were developed in collaboration with private industry.Speaking on the occasion, K Satyanarayana, senior deputy director general, Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) said, \"It is not enough that scientists publish their work and get personal recognition. They should also try to get patent so that through their work some product or process can be developed ultimately to benefit the public.\"Satyanarayana said ICMR would help scientists to collaborate with private industry and develop products through their research. ICMR would also help them get patents for their products. \"First patent your product and then disclose it in your publications,\" he advised scientists.NIN director B Sesikeran explained how the product was developed with the support of private industry. He said the PCR-based kits would help in detection of pathogens and hoped they would be accepted after validation and legal scrutiny.Institute of Preventive Medicine (IPM) director P Sucharita Murthy said food safety had become more important in the context of globalisation. \"Officials should take the responsibility for quality food monitoring,\" she said adding that food business played an important role in economic development of the country. Former director, medical and health services, and vice-chancellor of NTR University of Health Sciences C S Bhaskaran, who released the PCR-based food pathogen detection kits developed by Bioserve, said they should be made more cost-effective for the benefit of community health.Bioserve's CEO M N Sastry said the Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR)-based food pathogen detection kits would help food operators to check food contamination.The kits, he said, cost 45% less than those available in the market today. He said in addition to the five kits released on Thursday, another 11 kits to detect more pathogens would also be made available in the future. A workshop for the public would also be organised soon to explain about the advantages of the kits, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12889486", "title": "Burqa ban may backfire: Activists", "text": "MANGALORE: The move by a Mangalore college to ban the burqa in classrooms could end up forcing Muslim women to quit education, say rights groups. Others feel an express diktat was not required.\"The burqa is a cultural symbol for Muslim women. I don't see any point in educational institutions putting a ban on it. The greatest fear is that if Muslim women are not allowed to wear the hijab or burqa, they will stop going to colleges. Already the literacy rate is low among women and this step will pull it down further. Whether covered full or half, women getting education is more important,\" said Ruth Manorama, president of the National Alliance of Women. \"Maybe in the long run, they will shun it on their own, but nobody has the right to impose such a rule.\"The fiat was imposed by the St Aloysius Pre-University College, as part of its prospectus for undergraduate students. \"We were allowed to wear the hijab in classrooms and exam halls. We go to college in the burqa, but we remove it and enter the classroom, wearing our uniform and hijab. We have to abide by the college rules of the college,\" said Kameez Fathima, a student of St Aloysius.Janardhan Pai, director of Canara Pre-University College, said their institutions had already made uniforms compulsory for students in PU and degree classes. \"We mention in the prospectus that a uniform is compulsory for all students. We don't say burqa is banned in our institution, but students can enter classrooms only in uniform,\" he added.\"Our college is very strict and no student is allowed sit in the classroom unless in uniform. Hence, the question of banning burqa doesn't arise in our college,\" said Kedarnath Shenoy, a student of Canara PU college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889863", "title": "5 houses burgled in four days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five houses were targeted by thieves since Monday, who decamped with jewellery, cash and foreign currency. Apart from these burglaries, eight vehicles including four two-wheelers and four four-wheelers were also lifted from various parts of Chandigarh since Monday.Foreign currency including $157, besides jewellery was burgled from the house of a retired government official Satpal Mittal in Sector 45. Mittal was in Ludhiana along with his wife between April 14 and 23, which is when the thieves struck. The incident came to light when the elderly couple returned home from Ludhiana on April 24.Thieves struck the house of Gurjit Kaur of Sector 29 who had gone out of station for merely two days and decamped with a cash amount of Rs 15,000, a gold chain, a ring, besides other ornaments. Gurjit Kaur has lodged an FIR at the Industrial Area police station.Two other houses were burgled in Sector 37 and Sector 41 since Monday, with thieves decamping with valuables and cash amounting to Rs 1.50 lakh from the two houses. Two FIRs in this regard were registered at the police station in Sector 39.Jawahar Singh of Ramdarbar, Phase-II, reported that thieves stole four cell phones, cash totalling Rs 5,000 and keys of his motorcycle from his house on the night of April 25.Meanwhile, an alert watchman Vinod Kumar caught a thief, Subhash, near house number 1080 in Sector 38. Two cell phones, cash totalling Rs 5,000 and other valuables were recovered from his possession. In one of the thefts, thieves stole wheels of a three-wheeler, near PGI, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12889258", "title": "Experts brace up for dengue menace during monsoon", "text": "BHOPAL: The monsoon which would be average in the city this year, as per weathermen's prediction, could witness the outbreak of dengue fear experts. This is due to a cyclic trend, which repeats itself once in four years.Four years ago the city reported 25,000 suspected cases of which 332 were positive for dengue fever.A meeting of the health authorities has been convened here on Friday to chalk out a strategy to prevent the breeding of the Ades mosquito in city.\"Every viral disease has a cyclic trend and dengue viral has a four-year cycle during which the disease assumes dangerous proportions. This year, the number of cases is likely to be significantly higher than last three years as this is the 4th year,\" said district epidemiologist Dr Rashmi Jain.In 2009 Bhopal had experienced similar kind of situation. According to statistics of the district malaria officer, last year, the number of dengue cases in Bhopal was only 11, while the figure was 79 in 2010 and 332 in 2009.To counter the possibility of an outbreak, the district collector held a meeting with doctors from government, semi-government and private hospitals, here on Thursday. According to experts the symptoms of dengue appear 3 -14 days after the infective bite. Dengue fever is an illness that affects all - infants, young children and adults.\"Preparedness and better coordination between different government agencies is essential to tackle the problem,\" said Bhopal collector Nikunj Shrivastava who directed that all urban hospitals and clinics to report to the civil surgeon Dr Veena Sinha for any suspected cases.However, the collector also hastens to add \"there is no strong reason to say that higher incidence of dengue would occur but we have setup a preventive mechanism,\" he added.The collector also asked district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) to make doctors accountable, if any outbreak occurs in their respective areas. Besides dengue, they also held discussion on measure to control cases of swine flu , chikungunya , malaria and other waterborne diseases.So far this year, the Integrated Disease Surveillance Project (IDSP) officer's report indicated a higher number of cases of measles , leptospirosis and jaundice in Bhopal. Unlike other districts of the state malaria is exceptionally under control in the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12888660", "title": "Three die, 10 injured in road mishap", "text": "RAMGARH: Three persons, including the driver of an autorickshaw, died and 10 others injured when the autorickshaw in which they were travelling collided with a trailer on the Ramgarh-Patratu four-lane highway near Vangada village of Ramgarh district on Thursday.The injured persons were referred to RIMS, Ranchi. Condition of most of the injured is said to be critical. On getting information, police rushed to the spot and made arrangements to send the injured persons to the hospital. Bhadaninagar police station OC Ramesh Munda said an autorickshaw, carrying a dozen passengers, was on way to Bhurkunda from Ramgarh, which collided head on with a trailer coming from the opposite.The mishap claimed three lives, including driver Awdhesh Kumar Saw of Ramgarh town and a four-month-old infant. An elderly man, Mohamad Khalil, of Chitarpur also died on the spot. Most of the injured were on way to Bhurkunda from Ramgarh.The police have recovered the bodies and sent them to Hazaribag for autopsy. Hundreds of people descended near the spot, who were shocked to see the body of a infant and an old man of 75 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12889114", "title": "Manipur MLA to streamline anganwadi centres", "text": "IMPHAL: As part of his development vision for his constituency, young legislator Karam Thamarjit is all set to streamline the anganwadi centres in Keirao constituency of Imphal East.Anganwadi centres were introduced in Manipur in 1975 as a pilot project under the centrally-sponsored Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) scheme.The key objectives of the scheme include improvement of the nutrition and health of children in the age group of 0-6 years, laying the foundation for proper psychological, physical and social development of the child and achieving effective coordination of policy and implementation among various departments to promote child development.Each anganwadi centre is run by a worker and a helper appointed from among the locals. Till May last year, the number of anganwadi centres in Manipur was 9,494. Besides, there are 296 mini centres.On Monday, Manipur social welfare department supervisors working under the ICDS scheme inspected 26 centres set up in the Kyamgei Mulim area. They found that 23 centres are functioning without any premises and many of them were set up at disproportionate distances. According to them, 149 centres have already been set up in the constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12895023", "title": "Shriya as 'Apsara' in costliest ever mythological film", "text": "It was earlier reported that director K Raghavendra Rao is planning to direct a costliest ever mythological film. This would be a multi-starrer film casting the top stars from Bollywood , Kollywood and Tollywood. Sources says that, The initial costs are estimated at over Rs. 55 crore.Mohan Babu will essay Ravana role in the movie. Now the latest news is that actress Shriya Saran is roped in to play Apsara role in the movie.The film would feature top stars like Vikram and Suriya from Kollywood. Besides, Ajay Devgn, Sanjay Dutt and Vivek Oberoi would be part of the big-ticket film.Actor cum producer Manchu Vishnu will produce the movie. This multilingual will release in Telugu, Tamil, and Hindi.Source: Currentweek.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12890060", "title": "City girls top MCom business innovation examination", "text": "LUDHIANA: Three city students secured the top three positions in the business innovation exams of MCom semester I of Panjab University. The three students, Priyanka Sharma, Roshini Kapoor and Kirti Dhawan, are from SCD Government College. Priyanka bagged first position with 80% marks, Roshini came second with 79.9% marks while Kirti was third with 79.8%. The three of them had a margin of just one mark among each other.Samrala Chowk resident Priyanka accredited her success to hardwork and her faith in god. ''I will work harder to maintain the top position in this subject. I resort to yoga and meditation whenever I feel stressed during exams,'' she said.New Model Town resident Roshini said she expected over 70% marks but is delighted to have scored 80% marks.''I teach students after college hours at home and hence get time to study only during late night. These marks are a result of many a sleepless night,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12888193", "title": "State to shift bus stand from Esplanade, looks for land", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has filed a report before Calcutta high court on Thursday stating that it has decided to relocate the bus terminus at Esplanade as per the court's orders and is looking for suitable land. The commissioner of Kolkata Police also submitted a report stating that it has complied with all traffic restrictions and other directions of the court on improving the air quality around Victoria Memorial.The court was hearing a petition filed by environment activist Subhas Datta on the damage in and around Victoria Memorial due to air pollution. On September 28, 2007, Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya had directed the state government to relocate the Esplanade bus terminus within six months and take other measures to reduce pollution near the monument. These included the creation of a 'no parking' zone near Victoria, synchronization of traffic signals, burning of leaves and lighting of ovens in the vicinity and prevention of the entry of goods vehicles in the area.The state government moved an appeal against this order before the Supreme Court. After going through Datta's petition and the recommendations by National Environmental Engineering Research Institute ( NEERI), the Supreme Court held that the state government will have to abide by the high court's order. The apex court, however, lifted the time limit of six months after the state government indicated that more time would be required for relocation.On January 18, 2012, Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghosh directed the chief secretary and the police commissioner to submit whether the orders have been complied with. The reports were submitted on Thursday. In the report, the state has submitted that several things must be taken into consideration while relocating the bus terminus. The state has decided to shift it and is in the process of identifying suitable and convenient location for the passengers. The police commissioner's report stated that all orders of the court on the checking pollution around Victoria Memorial have been complied with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888599", "title": "Tejinder asked to clarify case against Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Thursday sought clarifications from Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh on the \"independent roles\" of Army chief Gen V K Singh and four others, against whom he has filed a defamation case. The court was to pronounce its order on the case on Thursday but put it off to May 5.After seeking clarifications, metropolitan magistrate Sudesh Kumar deferred the order to May 5, much to the disappointment of Lt Gen Tejinder Singh, who protested against the postponement saying there was \"no reason to delay the order\". He also said Gen V K Singh was retiring next month and should not be allowed to \"escape like this as the accused were connected, while the Army chief was the head\".During the hearing, the magistrate asked Lt Gen Tejinder Singh's counsel about the roles of the accused in issuing the March 5 press release. This release, Lt Gen Singh alleged, was circulated with the sole intention to defame him. \"I need some material clarification. What is the independent role of the five accused? Are they signatory to it (the press release),\" the magistrate asked.Advocate Anil Aggarwal, who appeared for Lt Gen Singh, said the Army chief took his name in the media and Lt Col Hitten Sawhney, posted in the media cell and named as an accused in the case, had signed the press release. \"This is a straight case. There is media prosecution going against me. If he (Army chief) had some information about the bribe offer as he had said in the press release, instead of filing a complaint with the police or court, he took my name in the media. I am outside the government and how can I know what is going inside,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12886802", "title": "Commuters block trains, cripple services", "text": "MUMBAI: A wrong announcement at Kalyan railway station led to commuters blocking trains at Vithalwadi and Ambernath stations and disrupting Central Railway services during peak hours on Thursday morning.Commuters said that an announcer at the Kalyan station had said that a train coming towards platform number 5 was heading towards CST.Many boarded the train, only to find out that it was going towards Ambernath. When the train halted at the next stop, Vithalwadi, commuters jumped out and blocked the train.\"On realizing that the train was running in the opposite direction, a few people pulled the chain but the driver didn't stop the train, said Ramchandra Ahire, one of the commuters travelling in the train.\"Around 400 to 500 commuters blocked the Ambernath-bound train and demanded that it be turned towards CST,\" said police sub-inspector S G Nirmal of the Kalyan government police.He further said that as the train was delayed due to the rail roko at Vithalwadi station, commuters who were waiting for the same train at Ambernath station started protesting. \"A Karjat-bound train, heading towards Mumbai, was blocked at Ambernath station.\"At Vithalwadi station, police had to resort to mild lathicharge to control the mob after commuters started pelting stones at policemen. At Ambernath station, the Railway Protection Force had to call local Shiv Sena leader Sunil Choudhary and MLA Balaji Kinikar to control the situation. Police said that no one was seriously injured.The Kalyan railway police arrested Surendra Nikam (31) and Sanjay Sawant (40) from Vithalwadi station and booked them under Sections 174,140 and 146 of the Indian Railway Act. They were produced in the Kalyan court and were granted bail after paying Rs 900 each.Due to the incidents, trains ran 30 minutes late till afternoon.In a press release, CR said that the services were affected due to a technical snag in the locomotive of 12127 Mumbai-Pune Intercity Express, adversely affecting suburban services towards Kalyan-Karjat direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12894030", "title": "Maoists keep Chhattisgarh government guessing on deadline", "text": "BHOPAL: Mounting pressure on the Chhattisgarh government, outlawed Communist Party of India (Maoist) on Friday maintained that it cannot consider any request for further extension of deadline for the release of abducted Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon unless the state government made its stand clear on their demands.In an e-mail statement to TOI, a Maoist spokesman referred to the appeal made by the state government for extending the deadline to a reasonable time period and said \"We came to know about it from the media. We cannot consider such last moment requests\", it said.Pointing out that the state government did not respond to their demands, the Maoists said they strongly condemn the dilly-dally attitude of the state government in taking decisions. \" First the government must convey its response to our demands, then we will convey our stand on the deadline to our interlocuters\", the statement said.Immediately after the abduction, the rebels had set a deadline for April 25 for acceptance of their demands. However the deadline passed even though the Maoists did not formally announced its extention.Meanwhile, the second round of talks between the interlocuters are on in state capital Raipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887223", "title": "FYJC admissions likely to start by 2nd week of May", "text": "MUMBAI: If everything according to plan, junior college admissions should start by the second week of May. According to the admission website, fyjc.org.in/mumbai, which is already functional, the process of filling forms should start within three weeks' time.Officials at the deputy director of education (school) announced the total number of seats available for the 2012-2013 junior college admission process in every stream.\"The information booklets are ready and have been sent to schools already. Currently, school principals are undergoing training for the online process. Soon, they will hold training sessions for students and their parents,\" said a senior official at the deputy director's office.This year, of the total 2.65 lakh seats for all three streams combined, 1.5 lakh will be available for the online admission process, whereas the rest will be available for various quotas including management, in-house and minority quotas. \"Admissions for these seats will take place offline before the online admissions begin. Once the seats under the various quotas are filled, colleges will have to surrender the rest of their seats for the open category admission that will take place online,\" added the official.This year, a special committee was set up to help suggest ideas to facilitate a smooth admission procedure and accordingly, changes were made in the procedure. \"Admission for bifocal subjects will take place in colleges only once the admission to general category streams is done. Then colleges can offer bifocal seats to students as per merit,\" said Shiware, principal of Hinduja College at Charni Road.While the results for ICSE and CBSE students are out by the end of May, SSC students usually have to wait till the second week of June for their results, only after which they can start applying to colleges. Authorities are also hopeful that results of state board exams will be out earlier than usual this year.\"We cannot predict so soon but our aim is to announce results earlier than previous years so that even the admission process starts early,\" said Sarjerao Jadhav, state board chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12893814", "title": "Two men injured while making bomb in Chennai hotel", "text": "CHENNAI: Two men making a country bomb in a hotel at T P Chathiram, Chennai, were injured when the explosives went off in the wee hours on Friday.The accused were identified by the police as Sathya (32) and Suganthan (27) from Tuticorin. They have murder cases against them and were making the bomb since they feared an attack by a rival gang. The duo initially told the police that the television set in their room exploded while surfing channels.The hotel manager informed the police after they heard the huge noise from Sathya's room at 1.30 am. \"We suspected something fishy about their tale. They were injured in their hands. We immediately shifted them to Stanley Medical College Hospital (SMCH) for treatment,\" Kilpauk deputy commissioner of police S Bhavaneeswari told TOI.During inquiries, Sathya claimed he was a call taxi driver in the city and that he has been staying at Hotel Moghul on New Avadi Road in T P Chathiram for three months. Suganthan came to the city and stayed with Sathya 15 days ago. Sathya was involved in two murders reported in Anna Nagar, Chennai and Tuticorin.Police said Suganthan was involved in murdering dalit leader Pasupathi Pandian's kin Kasipandian a few months ago. Suganthan received a blank call on Thursday that he would be eliminated by the rival. Suganthan made the bomb with the ingredients he had brought with him 15 days ago. T P Chathiram police registered an arms case against them and arrested them. Sathya, who had only minor.injuries has been taken to Puzhal prison, while Suganthan is allowed to have treatment in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889708", "title": "Actor Shah Rukh Khan summoned for smoking during IPL match", "text": "JAIPUR: A local court on Thursday summoned Shah Rukh Khan after taking cognizance of a complaint against him for smoking in public at SMS Stadium during an IPL match on April 8. The court has asked the actor to be present for hearing on May 26.The complaint against him was filed on April 9 by Anand Singh Rathore, director of a cricket academy in Jaipur. He alleged that despite a ban on public smoking in the state, the actor, who is also the co-owner of Kolkata team, smoked openly in front of thousands of cricket fans during the match between Rajasthan team and the Kolkata team.\"Metropolitan magistrate (No.8) Shilpa Sameer issued the summons asking Khan to be present in the court on May 26. The summons will be delivered to his residence by the police,\" said complainant's advocate Nem Singh Rathore.He said the clippings of newspaper reports, video clippings of the TV channel broadcasting the IPL matches and other evidences were submitted to the court.\"Cognizance was taken under various sections of Rajasthan Prohibition of Smoking and Non-Smokers' Health Protection Act, 2000,\" said the lawyer.If Khan doesn't appear before the court on May 26 and doesn't give appropriate reason for his absence, the court may summon him through a bailable arrest warrant , he said.In his complaint, Anand Singh had stated that public smoking is banned under law in the state for the past 12 years. Khan smoked in the stadium despite the presence of prominent politicians like Union minister CP Joshi , state cabinet ministers Shanti Dhariwal and Bina Kak and top police and administration officials.He further said that people across the country watched the actor smoking as the TV channel broadcasting the match showed him in the act during the 17th over of Kolkata team's batting.\"I, too, was watching the match when the channel showed Shah Rukh smoking. I was stunned to see the actor, who is such a huge public figure, smoking publically like this,\" said Anand Singh Rathore.He added the actor has a huge fan following, especially youngsters and children. \"They idolise him and his behaviour sent a negative message to his admirers,\" Rathore added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12888114", "title": "State to clear decks for luxury hotels in tier II, III cities", "text": "GURGAON: After the success of luxury hotels in cities like Gurgaon and Faridabad, the state government now plans to launch such facilities in tier-II and tier-III towns like Jhajjar, Sonipat, Palwal and Bahadurgarh.A senior official of department of town and country planning (DTCP) said that the state may soon permit change of land use (CLU) for starred hotels and restaurants in residential and commercial sectors of such towns.\"These licences would be subject to the fulfillment of other policy parameters,\" he added. These include the location norms. An official spokesperson said that as per these parameters, the site should be in a compact block and located in either residential or commercial zone of such towns. The site should also conform to the approved sectoral plans.For starred hotels, the land area should be between two to four acres. In case of restaurants, the limit is from 1,000 sqm to 2,000 sqm. As per the plan, a maximum of two starred hotels and an equal number of restaurants would be allowed in each sector. Sources said this restriction has been proposed considering that any provision that allows mushrooming of hotels and restaurants in residential or commercial areas might become a problem in long run. This may also lead to competition among property owners to apply for CLU for hotels and restaurants.As per the proposal, these establishments would be allowed only if the properties are located on roads that divide functional sectors. Any existing stretch of the national hi or state highway falling within the urban limits shall also be considered as a valid approach. But the property owner has to get the clearances and no objection certificates (NOC) for direct access from these roads.In fact, recently, the Union highways ministry had criticized Haryana government of allowing more access to malls and hotels from NH-8 on Delhi-Gurgaon stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887061", "title": "Man rapes minor on pretext of marriage", "text": "NAGPUR: A 35-year-old man was booked for allegedly raping a minor girl repeatedly for a year under false promise of marriage. The Std XII student lodged a complaint at Gittikhadan police station on Tuesday when the accused, Karamat Shah ditched her.Shah, a resident of Piteshur Khadan in Gittikhadan owns a pan kiosk. Police said Shah has been absconding ever since the girl approached the police.According to the girl's statement to the cops, she was in relationship with Shah from last year when she was 16-year-old. The girl said that they met incidentally while she was going to school and became friends. Slowly both fell in love. While in relationship, Shah promised to marry her till June and approached her for physical desires.According to police the girl claimed that she has no idea about whether the man is married or not. \"Shah started ignoring her since last six months when her parents came to know about their relationship. Shah had stopped taking her calls and even had not met her,\" said police.The helpless girl waited for a few days but later her parents forced her to file a police complaint. Cops said that they are trying to contact Shah's cell phone number but the network is not reachable.\"We are repeatedly trying his number. We also went to his house but it was locked. The pan kiosk was also closed. We are interrogating his friends and neighbours and are trying to get his location,\" said Gittikhadan police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887282", "title": "New auto permits from May", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost six months after the Supreme Court relaxed the cap on the number of autorickshaws allowed to ply on the Delhi roads, the government finally seems to have cobbled together a policy for the issuance of the permits.Sources said rules for 45,000 new permits have been put in place and will start getting issued in May. \"The most significant change in the policy is the insistence on vehicle ownership papers from those applying for a permit,\" said a senior government official. Till now, permits were issued if the applicant had the requisite driving licence and the public service vehicle badge. Ownership of the vehicle was not mandatory, leading to the emergence of the autorickshaw mafia.Transport minister Arvinder Singh said the final decision on the timeline would be taken after a meeting with the autorickshaw unions next week. Sources, however, said the government was planning to start the permit allocation from May on a first-come, first-serve basis. \"The applicants will be required to submit copies of their driving licence, PSV badge and the ownership documents of the TSR (three-wheeled scooter rickshaws) vehicle. Women will be given priority while issuing the permits,\" said the official. Some permits will be reserved for the SC/ST category as well, said sources.The new permits come with certain riders though. As part of the new policy, TSRs will need to be equipped with the GPS-based fare meters. \"GPS will be mandatory on the new autorickshaws and permits will only be given if the vehicle is equipped with a GPS-based fare meter. The permit owner will have to pay for the meter,\" said an official. Sources said the price of fare meters starts from Rs 15,000.The decision to issue the new permits comes after many auto unions expressed unhappiness with the tardy progress of the scheme. The Supreme Court had relaxed the cap on TSRs last November, allowing the transport department to bring the number of autos to one lakh. It had, in fact, allowed the department to issue permits beyond the 45,000 cap if a need was felt for more TSRs. Despite the carte blanche, the department has been dragging its feet on finalizing the policy.Recently, the All Delhi Auto Taxi Union threatened to go on strike if the government didn't start the process. Its representative, Kishan Verma, said, \"If the government doesn't start the process soon, all autorickshaw drivers will go on strike on May 19.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889675", "title": "Writer Lakshmi Kumari Chundawat honoured", "text": "JAIPUR: Secretary of Rajasthan Foundation, Kolkata chapter and culturist, Sundeep Bhutoria on Thursday visited the residence of well-known Rajasthani writer Lakshmi Kumari Chundawat and felicitated her by presenting a bouquet of flowers. She could not come to the Rajasthan National Forum (RNF) event on Tuesday in which Rajasthan Ratna awardees 2012 were honoured. Bhutoria is also an office-bearer of RNF. On the occasion, she appreciated the efforts put in by RNF in promoting the artists, writers and theatre personalities hailing from the state, who are living in Rajasthan or outside.State INTACH conveners' conferenceJAIPUR: The two-day conference of Rajasthan INTACH (Indian National Trust for Art &amp; Culture Heritage) will begin tomorrow at ITC Sheraton hotel. The Chairman of INTACH, Major General L.K. Gupta (Retd.) will be the chief guest. The conference will be chaired by the State Convener of INTACH, Maharaja Gaj Singh of Jodhpur. \"The main theme of the conference will be to focus upon the need for heritage legislation in Rajasthan and the problem of Nazul properties. Later, the various conveners will present their updated reports on ongoing projects and future plans,\" said the Jaipur convener, Dharmendra Kanwar.On the second day, Advisor to INTACH-Rajasthan and former chief secretary, Government of Rajasthan, S. Ahmad will address the members on various issues related to heritage and its protection. Senior Advocate, Kamalkar Sharma will highlight the importance of PIL (Public Interest Litigation) and approach by INTACH to utilize it. Partnership between the public and the Government will also be discussed. The valedictory address will be by the chairman of INTACH, Major General L.K. Gupta (Retd.).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887019", "title": "BMC to relax norms for Dadar bridge repair work", "text": "MUMBAI: With no takers for the repairs of island city bridges, the BMC has decided to enter into a quick fix mode by relaxing norms.Of the four \"special\" bridges, the civic body has decided to carry out work only on the Kavi Keshavsut flyover, which came under criticism last monsoon due to its poor upkeep. The resurfacing of the Kavi Keshavsut flyover will not be done by the standing technical advisory committee's ( STAC) recommended mastic asphalt as contractors have not come forward. It will be repaired using the traditional hot-mix system.The BMC would make some \"informal changes\" so that work on the Kavi Keshavsut flyover can be done for the time being. Speaking to TOI, Aseem Gupta, additional municipal commissioner, said, \"A part of the flyover has already been repaired. Since no contractors have come forward, we have decided that for Keshavsut flyover, we will carry out the work by the traditional method and not by using mastic asphalt.\" The civic body has been insisting on carrying out work on the Keshavsut flyover as the work involves shutting down traffic.TOI on Wednesday had reported that the BMC's plan to resurface four bridges in the island city at a cost of Rs 9.8 crore had hit a stumbling block with contractors refusing to resurface them before the monsoon. Contractors have not come forward saying the conditions laid down by the civic body, of using mastic aspalt, are unreasonable.The BMC has to resur-face 15 bridges in the island city, two in the western suburbs and three in the eastern suburbs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12887983", "title": "District munsif issues injunction order to curb felling of trees", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an effort to protect the city's green cover, principle district munsif C Alakesan issued an injunction order on Thursday, preventing the district collector and highways department chief engineer from felling trees on both sides of Maruthamalai Road till further orders.The munsif order was in response to a PIL filed by green activists Karpagam and Suresh through advocate M Vennila. The order has come as a welcome reprieve to green activists across the city, who have been protesting the indiscriminate felling of trees under the pretext of the road widening project.The petitioners allege that many trees that did not interfere with the road project were also felled. \"As per the tender issued, only 210 trees were earmarked for felling. But they axed a large number of trees flouting all norms,'' said Vennila.Green activists say that if trees need to be uprooted to facilitate development projects, they must be compensated with the planting of new saplings. \"Road widening and infrastructure development must not be done at the expense of the city's green cover,'' they said.Various green organizations conducted a joint meeting to streamline strategies to curb the felling of trees in the city. Representatives of each organization will meet with chief minister J Jayalalithaa to take up the issue with her. \"We will convey to her the ground realities and the violations happening in the city in the name of development,\" said N I Jalaludheen, president of The Nature Conservation Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12893129", "title": "AICTE dispute resolved", "text": "CFA Institute has finally managed to decipher the uncertainty surrounding the CFA Exam in IndiaMUMBAI: The pending litigation between CFA Institute and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has been resolved, enabling the global association for investment professionals to once again administer the CFA Program in India.CFA Institute challenged the Delhi High Court with a 2007 AICTE order prohibiting the CFA Program in India. At a hearing held on April 17, 2012, the AICTE declared that its executive committee had concluded that the existing AICTE Regulations do not apply to the CFA Program. John Rogers , president and CEO of CFA Institute, said, \"We welcome the decision of the AICTE and we appreciate the AICTE's additional review. CFA Institute is very pleased to clear this uncertainty over the CFA Program for the benefit of all Indian candidates.\"\"Candidates can now freely register for the exam in India in order to gain the CFA designation, which is widely recognised as the global gold standard for professional designation in the financial industry,\" Rogers further added.He concluded, \"We look forward to the continued growth of the CFA Program in India, and our contribution to the growth and development of India's financial markets.\"India, one of the largest markets globally, comprises of more than 20,400 exam registrations in the fiscal year 2011.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12886870", "title": "CM, BJP legislators in Delhi on courtesy visit", "text": "PANAJI: All Goan BJP MLAs including chief minister Manohar Parrikar met with party national president Nitin Gadkari in Delhi on Thursday morning in what is being described as a \"courtesy call\" after the assembly election victory in Goa.North Goa BJP member of Parliament Shripad Naik is also hosting a dinner for the BJP legislators at his residence in Delhi tonight.Health minister Laximikant Parsekar told TOI from Delhi that after the landslide victory in Goa, this is the first time that the BJP MLAs and party functionaries are meeting with the BJP national leadership in Delhi.Urban development minister Francis D'Souza also described it as a \"thank you\" visit to the BJP leadership in Delhi. D'Souza said the BJP MLAs will most likely meet with L K Advani before flying home on Friday.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar, who arrived in the capital two days ago, had a courtesy meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh but it is unclear what other discussions the chief minister had with the Prime Minister. Francis D'Souza said Parrikar had arrived in Delhi to meet with central ministers regarding developmental works in Goa.D'Souza is himself scheduled to attend a meeting of all state ministers for urban development in Delhi on April 28. D'Souza and the chief minister are scheduled to leave Delhi on the same day on April 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12888481", "title": "Dam report pushes up anxiety level in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: Leaders in Kerala are getting increasingly worried with more details trickling down on the contents of the report of the empowered committee on Mullaperiyar dam that was submitted to the Supreme Court on Sunday.Both the ruling and opposition leaders have decided to desist from making any definitive comments on the report till its actual contents are known after the Supreme Court takes up the case on May 4.Even though the report is known to have recommended that a new dam can be considered as a long-term solution, it is not known what the duration of 'long-term' is'. The state is particularly disturbed by the reports that committee has held that the dam is safe for the time being.The only point of relief for Kerala, according to reports, is that the committee has not recommended increasing the height of water level from 136 feet to 142 feet, as had been reported by a section of the media.Even though there were mentions on increasing the water level in the initial draft of the report, this was dropped after recognizing the legal implications involved, sources close to the panel told TOI here.Kerala Assembly had passed a Bill stipulating that the water level in Mullaperiyar dam should not go above 136 feet, and with the governor signing it, it had become an Act. It was pointed out to the panel that it could not recommend raising the water level above 136 feet as the Act had not been struck down by any court.Kerala is also worried about the proposal to build fresh tunnels to enable Tamil Nadu to draw water from the dam. Many in Kerala fear that opening of new tunnels would completely stop the possibility of Kerala getting any water from Mullaperiyar dam.\"Now we can get water when the water level rises above 136 feet. If new tunnels come up, we will never get water from the dam,\" an expert said.Sources said the proposal for constructing tunnels had been included in the report only after taking care to protect the interests of Kerala. But the leadership of both ruling and opposition combine is baffled as to how the panel had come up with such a suggestion. Even the SC notification does not mention the construction of any new tunnel, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890559", "title": "Accused hired staff to handle foodgrain scam: Senior cop", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI teams probing the foodgrain scam have come across some interesting \"first-time ever\" pattern in the nefarious designs of the main accused. The agency has discovered that quite a few main accused in Rs 2 lakh crore scam had recruited dedicated staff to carry out the scam part of their 'business'. These employees were appointed when the scam began and their services were terminated the day scam came to light.\"This is perhaps for the first time that we have come across such a situation where a dedicated staff was in place to deal with the scam related work exclusively. Names of most of such employees appear in the company rolls as well,\" said a senior IPS officer supervising the scam probe.Investigators say some of these employees were not even aware that their job involved a scam. This particular practice came to light when screening the attendance registers of various transport companies and financiers, sleuths noticed a pattern that was more or less common with most of the main accused in the scam. This was hiring of a particular set of employees during the period the scam is proved to have started (2004) and who were removed from their posts around the time the scam came to light (2006).\"Neither these employees were hired against any vacancies at the time of their appointment and nor was their post filled up after they were removed from the job. This clearly suggested that these employees were appointed for a specific job and for a particular period,\" said a source in the CBI associated with the foodgrain scam probe. Investigators believe that this was possibly done to ensure that their regular employees did not come to know about their involvement in the crime.Investigators believe that this part of the scam also provides a glimpse of the confidence that the accused had about continuing with the scam unabated. \"Had they been unsure of how long they would be able to carry on with the bungling, they would have never hired people the way they did. This speaks volumes about the planning with which the accused were committing the crime,\" said a deputy superintendent of police, who is the investigating officer (IO) in seven separate cases lodged with the CBI in connection with the foodgrain scam.\"There is an instance where a group of financiers who had invested in the scam, were taking the services of two particular individuals to get the bank drafts made for payment at the government godowns. This was confirmed by the serial number of the drafts issued from the same branch of the same bank on the same date while the drafts were submitted by different financiers,\" said the source.Meanwhile, interrogation of Congress leader Daljeet Singh is believed to have yielded some valuable information for the CBI investigators in terms of the traders and businessmen to whom the truck loads of foodgrain - meant for supply on highly subsidised rates to the Below Poverty Line (BPL) families - was sold to reach the open market.Daljeet, who was a member of the executive committee of the Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee and a transporter, was arrested by the CBI on April 22, 2012 and was remanded to three-day CBI custody starting April 24, 2012, when he was produced before the special CBI court. His remand ended on Thursday after which he has been remanded to judicial custody for the next 14 days.Initially, it was suspected that Daljeet's involvement in the scam was limited to the extent of transporting the food grains from government godowns to the traders in the open market. However, investigations have now confirmed that he was very much into buying the stocks from the government godowns to selling it off in the open market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12894905", "title": "Parul Chauhan is back with Amrit Manthan", "text": "Rajan Shahi's find, Bidaai girl, Parul Chauhan was laying low for quite some time ever since her show 'Pratha' on Colors went off air. To those uninitiated, Chauhan had replaced Shalini Chandran to play the protagonist in the show.The actress, who was waiting for a good role to come her way, is finally been offered a cameo appearance by her mentor Shahi. Chauhan will be seen in Amrit Manthan as Amrit (Adaa Khan's) friend. She will attend Amrit's wedding and will also do a lot of naach-gaana in the show. She will perform to Mehendi Hai Rachne Wali from Karisma Kapoor starrer Zubeida.Rajan, who has always supported his proteges be it Angad Hasija, Kinshuk Mahajan and now Parul Chauhan, says, \"Parul is a good actress and a competent dancer. She was apt for this cameo role.\" Finally, we can see the lady back on the tube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889074", "title": "Jilted lover attacks girl in Patna", "text": "PATNA: A jilted lover, Nirbhai Singh, attacked and injured his girlfriend Purva (name changed) with a knife at Bahadurpur locality under Bahadurpur police station on Thursday.Patna City SDPO Sushil Kumar said Singh, a native of Bhojpur, was arrested and the knife used in the crime had been seized.Quoting Singh, Bahadurpur SHO Ranjit Kumar said he was having an affair with the girl, a native of Buxar.She has been staying in a private lodge in Bahadurpur and preparing for engineering entrance test for the past five years. Singh, who works with a private firm in Pune on a salary of Rs 16,000, told the police that he had given her his ATM card and she used to draw money from his account here.Kumar said when Singh returned to Patna, he saw the girl moving with another boy and got enraged over it.When he asked her to keep off that boy, the girl refused and told him not to interfere. That depressed Singh who planned to kill the girl and himself. Kumar said the girl called his brother, who is a BMP jawan in Patna, to teach Singh a lesson.The SHO said when the girl called Singh, he attacked her with a knife causing injuries on her hand and neck. He said the girl's brother caught Singh and informed the local police, who arrested him. The girl was admitted to PMCH, the SHO added.Girls attacked: Two girls fell prey to blade man's attack in separate incidents in different localities in Patna City on Thursday. Patna City SDPO Sushil Kumar, however, denied any such incident.In the first incident, a Class IX student of Kushwaha Girls School, Ankita Raj (15), sustained blade injury at Gulzarbag locality under Alamganj police station when she was on way to her school from her Meena Bazaar residence at around 7am on Thursday. She was intercepted by a woman, who asked her for an address and left the place.The girl, later, found blood oozing out from one of her hands. She was treated at the NMCH.In another incident, a Class IX student of a private school, Nazish (15), sustained blade injury near Charkha School when she was returning to her residence at Noon Ka Chouraha locality under Khajekalan police station on Thursday.Housewife assaulted: One Kumkum Srivastava (35) sustained injuries when an unidentified person entered her house at Mandiri under Buddha Colony police station and hit her with a bat and fled. She had been admitted to a private nursing home.Buddha Colony SHO Vinod Kumar said the incident took place when Srivastava was preparing food in her kitchen. Efforts were on to trace the person, who attacked her, the SHO added.Five arrested: Five persons, including an agent, were handed over to the Khagaul police by officials of DRM office on Thursday when they had gone there with fake letters for appointment as TC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12888051", "title": "Woman constable commits suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 22-year-old woman constable with 4th Battalion of Tamil Nadu Special Police was found hanging from the ceiling inside the staff quarters allotted to her at the police camp in Kovaipudur around 4.30 pm on Thursday. After confirming her death, the body was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital for autopsy.The woman constable, identified as G Sathya of Bharathi Dasan Nagar in Ramanathapuram, was part of the band team of the armed battalion. As she failed to show up for the 4 pm band rehearsal on Thursday, fellow constables went to her quarters. According to eye witnesses and police, she used her dupatta to hang from an iron hook on the ceiling.Sathya had joined the armed battalion last year. She came from a humble background. Her father is a plumber while she lost her mother a few years ago. She has two older sisters, one of whom is married. The financial burden of supporting the family fell on her shoulders. Her father and unmarried sister lived with her. She took her life when they were away.According to family sources, Sathya was in love with Sathish Kumar, a construction worker from Trichy. Her family had approved their marriage but his family opposed it. Her relatives speculate this may have led to her suicide.Pa Murth, commandant of the battalion, said they were in the process of investigating the matter. \"We are awaiting the autopsy report. Though the family has not raised any complaint against the battalion, we are investigating whether she was ill-treated by anyone in the force,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887399", "title": "Secure number plates by May 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you're buying a new vehicle next month, get ready to install high security registration plates. The Delhi government is on track with its HSRP scheme and will be starting the secure number centres in two regional transport offices (RTO) from May 1-Mall Road and Burari. The rest of the centres are expected to open within a fortnight, added sources.A senior transport department official said, \"The person can go to either of these two RTOs and get a time slot for the installation.\" Registration of vehicles, however, can be done from the nearest RTO. Sources added that since the department is starting off with only two HSRP centres, it may take a day or two to get the secure number plates installed from these centres. \"Once all the centres are functioning, it should be much simpler to get the HSRP installed,\" the source added. The May 1 timeline is for new vehicles only though. Vehicles which were registered before have a different timeline of June 15. Around 1,000 vehicles are registered in Delhi every day.A consortium of Rosemerta Technologies and Utsav Safety Systems will be implementing the HSRP scheme. The rates offered, a weighted average, by Rosemerta is Rs 119.43. For the end-consumer, the rate for getting the secure number plates will be Rs 213.24 for four-wheelers while for two-wheelers, it will be Rs 68.91. The rates quoted include taxes, said officials. It's not just private vehicles that will have to get the secure number plates. Commercial vehicles in the city too must comply with the order, said government officials. The rate for the HSRP for commercial vehicles is Rs 85.56 for three-wheeled scooter rickshaws while for medium to heavy vehicles playing commercially, it is Rs 219.99. The latter includes vehicles like matadors, minivans, RTVs and trucks.The HSRP consists of a number of parts: a chromium-based hologram with chakra image, a self-destructive sticker with the engine, chassis number and a hologram, unique serial number etched with laser on each HSRP, India scripted with hot stamping foil and a non-removable and non-reusable snap lock. HSRPs are tamper-proof and meant to aid law enforcement agencies in tracing vehicles that are involved in crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887102", "title": "Rahul to visit drought-hit Satara", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi , who will arrive here on Friday, will visit drought-hit regions in Satara district, playing the 'aam admi' card again.An email from Gandhi's office confirmed the plan, but state Congress unit office-bearers claimed that the plan was not disclosed to them. Senior office-bearers, including state party president Manikrao Thakre, said they were unaware of the plan.Along with Sangli, Satara is among the worst drought-hit districts in the state. Party sources said Gandhi could chose to visit the badly-hit Mann taluka.It could not be confirmed if chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will travel with Gandhi on Saturday. Chavan hails from Karad in Satara.Gandhi will address four meetings here on Friday, including one with National Students' Union of India committee members and another with Youth Congress functionaries at Bhaidas Hall in Vile Parle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12888554", "title": "Spotlight on new trends of behavioural mathematics", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An important lecture on 'New Trends in Mathematics-Teaching' was delivered by Prof Atul Roy of Montegomary College, USA at Ishwar Saran Degree College on Thursday.He mainly focused his lecture on behavioral mathematics and how interest of the general people can be created towards Mathematics. He also apprised about the modern techniques and methods which are being used in this field nowadays. He also analyzed almost all aspects and tools of information technology, such as e-mail, internet and other modern gadgets used in mathematical teaching and learning.Prof Roy also described very briefly and the modern teaching /learning methods used in mathematics by several diagrams and models through power point presentation.He also discussed very modern and originative formulas of mathematics such as Mandelbrat Set Theory in Topology and put a question among young mathematicians attending the lecture,Prof KK Azad, head of the Department of Mathematics of Allahabad University presided over the function.Pointedly, Roy has served in several universities and colleges of the USA as visiting professor like University of California , Cornel University, University of Maryland for the past 30 years to contribute in the field of mathematics.Later, Roy was welcomed and honoured by Principal Anand Shankar Singh and programme was co-ordinated by Virendra Singh Verma, incharge of Science faculty at Ishwar Saran Degree College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12888135", "title": "Girl abducted from busy Barasat lane", "text": "KOLKATA: An 11-year-old schoolgirl has been abducted from a busy Barasat road on Thursday evening. The police are yet to confirm the abduction, but locals and eyewitnesses claim that some miscreants forcibly picked her up in a moving car and sped away.Locals said the incident occurred around 9.05pm when the Class-V student was returning home from her tutor's home. She was walking along the busy and narrow Bani Niketan School Road with her elder brother. They both were returning home after private tuition.Locals described that a red Maruti Zen stopped beside the girl. Two men got off the car and shoved away her brother. Then they forced the girl into the car and sped away towards Barrackpore Road. The windows of the car were rolled up and locals could not identify any of the miscreants. \"We tried to give them a chase but failed to intercept it,\" said a local.Soon, Barasat police station was informed. Locals said the girl's father owns a ration shop and the family stays near Number 11 railway gate of Barasat. Some of them claimed that the abduction could be fallout of business rivalry as her father had recently started developing lands. \"Also, he is a wealthy person,\" said a local.Sources said that he has already received a ransom call from the kidnappers. But police are yet to confirm that and the family, too, is tightlipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12887736", "title": "Intake in engineering colleges up by 4,300 seats", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is some good news for engineering aspirants of class XII, whose results will be declared on May 10.The intake capacity of engineering colleges in the state has gone up by 4,300 seats. Official sources said that last year, there were 102 engineering colleges in the state with 46,541 seats. With the increase in the intake, 50,600 seats are available for admission for science students who pass their board exams this year.Officials in the Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) said that the science students will have more courses and seats to choose from as compared to last year. The intake has been increased in 27 colleges.Officials are also expecting a further rise in the number of engineering seats as 15 colleges whose application for approval of seats has been rejected by the All India Council of Technical Education ( AICTE) have gone in appeal.On Wednesday, three colleges were given approval which brought in an additional 840 seats for the students. Vadodara-based Navrachna University has got 240 seats and Ahmedabad University has got 60 seats.Member secretary of the ACPC MN Patel said that students will get a wide option of courses and colleges to choose from and should not opt for management quota seats in haste. However, there is a flip side to the increase in the seats. Last year, a good 4,527 seats in engineering and 4,081 in pharmacy colleges remained vacant.\"There is a possibility of 6,000-8,000 professional seats remaining vacant this year\", said MN Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887209", "title": "Groundwater may be taxed, Bill in cabinet", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a delay of some years, the controversial groundwater Bill is finally ready to be presented to the Delhi cabinet. Government sources say the draft is likely to be tabled in the monsoon session of the Delhi assembly and, if passed, will make groundwater a chargeable asset in the capital.The cess on extraction will be decided at a later stage when the final points of the Bill will be prepared before it is turned into law.The draft Bill asks for mandatory registration of all tubewells in the city, authorized and illegal. Sources said that in unauthorized colonies, where a large part of the population depends on illegal sources of water in the absence of a Delhi Jal Board (DJB) supply, borewells will be registered and a decision will be taken later on whether to regularize them for a fee. \"The plan is to finally close down tubewells in those areas where the utility is able to supply water. This has already happened in some areas in southwest Delhi like Vasant Vihar,\" said a DJB official.Once registered, the yield and output of each tubewell will also regularly be measured to keep a check on illegal extraction. For several years, South and Southwest districts were notified where no groundwater extraction was permitted. However, both regions continued to record the sharpest dip in groundwater levels over the years.If made into a law, the Bill will also hopefully do away with the tanker menace. All tankers will be registered and their movements tracked to ensure that only authorized tankers are able to extract water. The city is grappling with massive unauthorized extraction of water by private parties which finally sell the water for exorbitant sums.The fifth major clause makes it mandatory to permit boring or reboring of tubewells only for public or institutional use. Officials said this was already in practice with Delhi issuing permits under the Environment Protection Act. \"Extraction is being regulated by the district commissioner of each of the nine zones since the beginning of 2009. Delhi Jal Board reviews each application that comes in and recommends cases under domestic and industrial areas to a committee headed by the DC,\" said an official.Inadequate piped supply and a decadal population growth rate of 47% has seen the city's groundwater levels plummet, with many wells drying in critical areas of south and southwest Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12894435", "title": "Sourav Ganguly's name should also be considered for Rajya Sabha: CPI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar was nominated to the Rajya Sabha, CPI on Friday demanded that former Indian cricket team captain Sourav Ganguly's name should also be considered for the Upper House.\"I welcome the decision to nominate Tendulkar to the Rajya Sabha. But at the same time when Sourav is in his top form, his name too should have been considered (for the Rajya Sabha),\" CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta told reporter outside Parliament.He also said that besides film stars, writers, people associated with culture and poets should also be sent to the Upper House.The communist leader said that since India \"is a country of workers\" industrialists should not be brought to the Rajya Sabha.The government yesterday nominated Tendulkar to the Upper House along with actress of yesteryear Rekha and industrialist Anu Aga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12890508", "title": "Former state cabinet secretary moves high court against eviction order", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former UP cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh on Thursday rushed to the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court apprehending his forcible eviction from his government residence following cancellation of the allotment by the state government.Justice SN Shukla heard the matter and due to crunch of time posted the hearing on Friday.Appearing for the former cabinet secretary, senior advocate JN Mathur argued that the cancellation order was arbitrary and illegal.Chief standing counsel IP Singh contended that the cancellation order was as per law and allotment was made under pressure of the ex-cabinet secretary giving him undue benefit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12890207", "title": "Good news for GUJCET takers: 4 grace marks granted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) has decided to grant four grace marks to all students who appeared for the Maths paper of Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GUJCET).GSHSEB officials conceded that four marks worth questions in the paper were found to have errors and thus, four marks will be given to all students irrespective of whether they attempted the questions or not. \"The board has decided to give four grace marks to all students so that injustice is not done to any student due to errors in the GUJCET paper,\" said a board official.Officials on Thursday declared the answer key to the GUJCET exam papers of Maths, Biology, Physics and Chemistry. The answer key itself mentions that students be given one mark each for particular questions whether the students have attempted the question or not. The four questions concerned are question number 23, 25, 27 and 28 in A paper set, number 11, 13, 15 and 16 in B paper set, question 7, 9, 11 and 12 in C paper set and question number 20, 21, 37 and 39 in D paper set. The result of GUJCET will be declared on May 3. The GUJCET exams were taken on April 5 and the answer key was declared a good 21 days after the exam was conducted.The Maths paper had resulted in great ruckus as most students left the exam center in tears. The students had complained that the paper was extremely lengthy, tricky and some questions left them dumbfounded. The teachers and parents complained about errors in certain questions after which the board decided to form a review committee. While earlier the committee reported that there were no mistakes, follow-up reviews revealed that there were errors in four questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12887350", "title": "Pakistan PM Gilani convicted, but spared jail term", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's Supreme Court on Thursday convicted Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani of contempt but awarded him a symbolic detention \"until the rising of the court\" for defying its orders to write to the Swiss for the reopening of a graft case against his party co-chairman and President Asif Ali Zardari.Gilani's conviction opens the way for proceedings to disqualify him as the prime minister. But the process could drag on for months and would not bring down the government that completes its term in March next year. Gilani's lawyer, Aitzaz Ahsan , claimed the conviction does not automatically disqualify the PM from office and said he would appeal the verdict. The move would further delay Gilani's disqualification.The court was widely expected to award Gilani the maximum six-month imprisonment, but it said Gilani's likely disqualification was \"taken as a mitigating factor in sentencing''.\"...the prime minister is found guilty of contempt for willfully flouting the direction of the Supreme Court,\" said justice Nasir-ul-Mulk, who headed a seven-member bench that heard the case. He said the PM's offence tended to ridicule the country's judiciary and ordered his confinement until the conclusion of the court proceedings that lasted for a few minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888642", "title": "Televise court hearings, law officer tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Additional solicitor general Indira Jaising on Thursday suggested to the Supreme Court to televise legal proceedings to inform the public about the procedure of justice dispensation and put journalists on guard against misreporting.Former central vigilance commissioner P J Thomas agreed with her but argued against framing of guidelines for court reporting of trial proceedings. \"Rather than guidelines, what is required is the effective use of available laws... We are not short of laws, courts, guidelines, but short of a mechanism for speedy administration of justice,\" he said.The Union government's law officer said there was no constitutional bar on the SC in regulating reporting of court proceedings as it was the sole interpreter of the fundamental rights and its contents.However, she said, \"While there is a genuine need to regulate the reporting of judicial proceedings by the media, it must also be borne in mind that media reporting also contributes to transparency and fairness in administration of justice.\"She was addressing a five-judge Constitution bench comprising Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, S S Nijjar, R P Desai and J S Khehar on the issue of guidelines for reporting court proceedings and the need to strike a balance between press freedom and right to dignity, reputation and fair trial of accused.Jaising said, \"Therefore, the balance that the SC is called upon to decide in the present case is simply to ensure accuracy in reporting of judicial proceedings, and to provide a deterrent towards deliberate mal-reporting.\"She said the most effective way to ensure accuracy in court reporting would be to start recording the court proceedings or to evolve a system of preparing transcripts.\"This would act as a deterrent towards mal-reporting, in the same way that media reporting acts as a deterrent towards mal-administration,\" she added.\"As a general rule, legal proceedings should be televised... Televising trials is particularly important in controversial cases with a widespread public interest,\" Jaising said and explained that it would help the public understand why unpopular judgments came about, as also get first hand information on the justice delivery mechanism.Appearing for Thomas, advocate Wills Mathews agreed with Jaising's suggestion that video recording of proceedings could infuse more transparency in justice administration and help the media to report accurately.Thomas favoured unrestricted freedom of reporting to media but said that \"victims of motivated/contemptuous reporting should be entitled to remedies which should reach finality in reasonable time\".Arguing against court-framed guidelines for court reporting, the ex-CVC said, \"It is always best in the interest of justice to have guidelines prepared outside the doors of the Supreme Court and the apex court should sit only as the guardian of the Constitution and not as a maker of the guideline.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12887313", "title": "Government plans special crime register, aid centres for women", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is planning to maintain a separate register at every police station for crime against women. The suggestion has been made by a committee formed to suggest measures to curb crime against women. The panel-headed by retired justice Chandrashekhar Dharmadhikari-will comprise prominent women activists, senior police and state administration officials.A senior home department official stated that the panel has submitted two interim reports to the state government. In its report, the committee has suggested nearly 90 proposals to prevent the escalating cases of crime against women and to tackle cases of gender bias. \"One of the suggestions is that a separate register should be maintained to record cases of crime which are perpetrated on women. The home department is considering the suggestion. Senior government and police officials have been asked to work on the suggestion,\" the home department official said.Following the meeting on Thursday, home minister R R Patil said, \"The panel had made several recommendations. Most were accepted by the home department.\" Another suggestion by the committee of having a separate assistance centre for women in police stations, too, has been accepted by the government. \"Besides separate assistance centre, women can dial 103 and 1091 (the two dedicated lines for women) for help,\" Medha Gadgil, principal secretary (home) said.According to a panel member, the panel has insisted on use of the CCTV during identification parade of criminals. \"But the department will have to check whether such footages can stand as evidence in the court,\" Gadgil added.On Thursday, the State Security Council also took stock of security arrangements in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "sukma (chhattisgarh)", "code": "12888887", "title": "Reds expand Chhattisgarh base", "text": "SUKMA (CHHATTISGARH): Maoists are fast expanding their areas of influence in south Chhattisgarh for the last one year even though statistics of the Naxal violence has declined.According to Union home ministry's annual report, there were 465 incidents and 204 deaths in Maoist violence in 2011 in Chhattisgarh. In 2010, there were 343 deaths in 625 such incidents. The decline lulled Chhattisgarh into complacency. At top level meetings in Delhi, senior police officers from Chhattisgarh and the Centre attributed it to the efficacy of joint forces' operations.Ground reports show Maoists have created a new division in the Dandakaranya special zonal committee (DKSZC) in the area around Lohandiguda in Bastar where Tatas proposed to set up a Rs 10,000-crore steel plant by displacing residents of about 11 villages.DKSZC members allegedly abducted Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon. Its chief Ramanna planned the operation and Sudhakar, political commissar of a military company operating in the area, was present when Menon was abducted, said sources.After much prodding, villagers in Bastar said Maoists are recruiting youth from their villages. An old man spoke of a village boy whom Maoists took away when he was 12. His parents were poor. Pointing to the jungles, the old man said, \"Andarwaale (Maoists) sought permission from his parents and took him. They put him in a school.\"When he grew up, some Maoist members came to his house. \"They gave his parents about Rs 60,000 and told them that they would induct him into the party. So, he can't come home,\" he said.They are recruiting from Kanker, too, about 140 km from Raipur. Maoists have two battalions. They are raising a third battalion around Kanker, which was earlier part of Bastar district.Former CPI MLA and Adivasi Mahasabha president Manish Kunjam said joint forces operation boosted the Maoist surge. He told TOI, \"Police atrocities and excesses will force people to lean towards Maoists. Even Maoists have said that. In the last one year, there were at least six fake encounter cases in Sukma-Dantewada. What has the government achieved through joint operations?\"Reports suggest Maoists run a parallel government from Burklanka, south of Sukma. They run hospitals and schools for the local Gond tribals in the region. Unconfirmed reports suggest Menon was first taken to Burklanka after his abduction.The Maoists have not had similar success in other parts of the country. In Bengal, they have a depleted strength. After suffering reverses and lack of recruits, they had to wind up in several regions, including south west regional bureau comprising Maharashtra (except Gadchiroli), Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu and north regional bureau comprising Punjab and Jammu &amp; Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12889816", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority to cancel land allotments of defaulter institutes", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will cancel land allotments of those institutes that purchased land at concessional rates but have failed to abide by rules and conditions specified while buying them.Following the state government directions, the JDA will identify these institutes within three months and take action. Jaipur Development Authority additional commissioner (administration), Suchi Sharma, says, \"The physical inspection has been started to identify such land, the notices will be issued and we will take action if the rules haven't been followed.\" The UDH principal secretary GS Sandhu has also forwarded a letter in this regard asking for these institutes to be identified.A JDA official said, during the time of allotment of land on concessional rates, the condition was put before the land owners to construct the building within a time frame of three years. However, in many cases, this hasn't been followed. \"Despite several reminders sent earlier, the land owners have not followed the rules. Many institutes have also applied for extension so that no action is taken against them.\"Official said there is also a rule that if land is allotted to educational institutes and hospitals, they should provide facilities to the poor free of cost. The committee will find out whether these institutes are following the norms and conditions that were imposed to benefit the poor. The educational institute owners have to reserve seats for students belonging to below poverty lines (BPL) families. Also, it is mandatory for hospitals that are the beneficiaries of concessional land, to fix an hour and provide free medical check ups to poor patients at outdoor for patients (OPD). Similarly, 10 per cent beds should be reserved for poor.The allotment will be cancelled if they find that institutes are not complying with the conditions. The JDA will then re-allot or auction the land. The JDA has geared up for the implementation of this direction after the issue was raised in the state assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12888549", "title": "Presence of terror modules bring worries to police", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police are now verifying whether there is any connection between the two arrested for terror links in Kannur the other day, and Thadiyantavide Shameem, who escaped to Sharjah through Cochin airport (CIAL) on December 23, 2011.U K Shahras and K Muneer were arrested on Tuesday by Kannur police for allegedly indulging in dacoity to raise funds to influence the witnesses in the Kashmir terror recruitment case. They told police they had been instructed by Abdul Alim, a terror suspect, to raise money.Shameem, brother of Thadiyantavide Nazeer, is an accused in a similar case. Shameem and the gang barged into a hotel Kannur and decamped with Rs 75,000 and 3.5 sovereigns of gold in 2011. Shameem then managed to escape to Sharjah.\"We are investigating the recent arrests as a separate case. But we are checking whether Shameem's attempt was also part of the fund-raising activity. There are many things in common between the two operations,\" said P Sukumaran, Kannur Town CI.Sources in Intelligence agencies said they suspect Shameem had been sent to Sharjah to collect money. Four accused in the Bangalore blast case and terror recruitment case are now operating from the Gulf.Intelligence agencies have information that nearly 50 Indian Mujahideen cadres are stationed in Sharjah under the protection of leaders Riyaz Bhatkal and Amir Raza Khan. Police suspect that Alim, who was acquitted in the Kozhikode bomb blast case, took charge of the team collecting funds after Shameem left for Sharjah.The continuing activities of the terror modules even after the arrest of the kingpins are a cause of concern for police.Interrogation of Umer Farooq and Ibrahim Moulavi, two accused in the terror recruitment case, last year had revealed that more IM modules are still operating in Kerala.Police have not been able to identify all who had attended the indoctrination classes conducted by Thadiyantavide Nazeer and P B Sabir alias Ayub. No breakthrough has yet been made in the Ernakulam collectorate blast case either. The blast occurred on July 10, 2009 when the accused in the terror recruitment case were brought to the court in Thalassery for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887098", "title": "Funds crunch hits gauge conversion work", "text": "NAGPUR: The the project to convert 654-km narrow gauge tracks to broad gauge in Nagpur division of South East Central Railway (SECR) has been hit by funds crunch. The work needs Rs 1,400 crore at today's prices but has been allocated only Rs 95 crore.The various sub-projects are being implemented since past six-seven years and all are far from completion. The pace with which gauge conversion is moving, it may take over two decades to complete. The four gauge conversion projects include Nagpur-Chhindwara (147 km), Jabalpur-Nainpur (110 km), Chhindwara-Nainpur-Balaghat (217 km) and Chhindwara-Nainpur-Mandla Fort (180 km).\"The Jabalpur-Nainpur gauge conversion has been completed in 40 km patch till Sukrimangla. On Nagpur-Chhindwara route, work for a 750 metre tunnel between Chhindwara and Saunsar patch is in progress,\" said divisional railway manager (DRM) S L Verma told reporters on Thursday.If individual projects are considered, Jabalpur-Gondia-Balaghat section is estimated to cost Rs 1,030 crore. Of this, Rs 620 crore have already been spent. \"We still need another Rs 400 crore,\" said Verma.Similarly, the cost of Chhindwara-Nagpur project is Rs 585 crore. The SECR has spent Rs 207 crore till date and needs another Rs 370 crore. However, a provision of only Rs 40 crore has been made. In 182-km Chhindwara-Mandla Fort section, Rs 700 crore is required, Verma added.Explaining the delay, Verma said gauge conversion was being carried out in remotest parts where it is difficult to transport equipment. In some sections like Balaghat and Nainpur, acquiring forest and private land was an issue. He said these projects could not be implemented on either public-private partnership (PPP) or build-operate-transfer (BOT) basis.Considering the pace of these projects, conversion of Nagpur-Nagbhid section will be a dream. It is yet to get Planning Commission clearance. The SECR is also thinking developing 13 km narrow gauge patch between Bimalgondi and Kukdikhapa as a heritage site.\"We are asking Madhya Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (MPTDC) to develop this route for tourists by separate narrow gauge alignment. The SECR headquarters have given a go ahead to implement the idea. This was one of the issues in the meeting with Madhya Pradesh chief secretary and railway officials on Thursday,\" Verma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12887904", "title": "15 bike owners yet to show up", "text": "NASHIK: Of the 141 bikes seized by the city police in a surprise combing operation on Wednesday, 15 do not have valid documents. The police will find the actual owners of the bikes with the help of the regional transport office (RTO), Nashik.\"Those who had these bikes in their possession failed to turn up with their valid documents. We will verify the vehicles with the help of the RTO. However, the owners of the remaining bikes brought their documents and took away the respective vehicles,\" said assistant commissioner of police, Ganesh Shinde.On Wednesday morning, the police took up a massive combing operation in Phule Nagar, Dutta Nagar and Navnath Nagar areas of Panchavati to check vehicles without valid documents. As part of this, they seized vehicles by approaching every household and asking people for documents of their vehicles. The owners who failed to show their documents had their vehicles seized and taken to Teen Putala Chowk area of Panchavati.Along with ACP Ganesh Shinde and ACP Rupali Ambore, 16 police officers and 85 personnel from the crime branch, traffic branch and Panchavati police station participated on the directive of police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal.Subsequently, the owners concerned managed to produce the documents before the police. With the exception of owners of 15 bikes, all other vehicle owners turned up. The police will now try to trace the owners through the RTO and check if the vehicles were stolen.Two more drives will be held this week to catch bikers who do not have valid documents for their vehicles or have bought stolen vehicles. A similar drive is expected to be held by the rural police as the city police have stated that bikes stolen from the city are sold in adjoining rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12886719", "title": "Women are good at multi-tasking, observes court", "text": "MUMBAI: Women are good at multi-tasking, observed the Bombay high court on Thursday while hearing a public interest litigation by aanganwadi (creche) workers against the government directing them to distribute health insurance cards to families below poverty line at ration shops.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a PIL by Maharashtra Aaganwadi Workers Association contending that their job is to implement the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) and registration and distribution of insurance cards is not their work.The association's advocate, Gayatri Singh, submitted that due to the additional work, the workers would be away from the creches and this would adversely affect the children. Justice Shah remarked, \"Women do a good job of whatever they undertake.\" Singh added, \"It should not happen that the women are not able to look after the children,\" said Singh.Additional government pleader G W Mattos said the government would implement the free medical insurance scheme to BPL families from May. He said there are 16 lakh BPL families in Mumbai and 4 lakh families have been enumerated. \"For the balance 12 lakh families, the distribution would be done at the creches and not at the ration shops,\" said Mattos.The judges agreed with Mattos that distribution of health insurance cards is not alien to ICDS. The judges directed the state to consider their grievances within four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889005", "title": "Hefty hike in state board chiefs' salary, perks", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Thursday approved substantial increase in the salary, allowances and other benefits enjoyed by chairmen, vice-chairmen and members of the commissions, boards, corporations, parishads and committees who enjoy the status of a minister, minister of state or a deputy minister.The benefits would be availed by chairmen and vice-chairmen of all such bodies which come under the purview of various departments. The increase has been made after a gap of seven years. The last time it was made on March 8, 2007, said cabinet secretariat department principal secretary Ravi Kant.According to him, those who were getting Rs 8,000 salary per month would now get Rs 25,000 per month. The monthly guest allowance of a chairman enjoying the status of a minister has been increased from Rs 10,000 to Rs 18,000, of vice-chairman having the status of a minister of state from Rs 8,000 to Rs 17,500, and of other members with the rank of a deputy minister from Rs 6,000 to Rs 17,000.Similarly, if they don't avail their official residence, they will get as rent 20% of the total sum accruing to them by way of salary, daily allowance and guest allowance.The daily allowance payable to them has also been increased from Rs 500 to Rs 1,000. If travelling in a private vehicle for official purposes, they would get Rs 15 per km as allowance. The department would provide them an AC vehicle with 250cc engine capacity. However, in the absence of an official vehicle, they could hire an AC Ambassador car and get payment for the maximum 3,000km. They would get Rs 1,000 per month for their mobile recharge besides the landline facility at their residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12888108", "title": "Metro gives Larsen &amp; Toubro monopoly over city transport", "text": "HYDERABAD: While Hyderabad metro rail is expected to be the panacea to the growing traffic congestion in the city, the urban rail services can sound the death knell to other public transport systems already in place in the city due to a monopoly clause granted by the state to Larsen &amp; Toubro, the private partner, through the concession agreement.The clause in the concession agreement restricts the government from developing or improving the public transport system along the stretch of the three corridors- Miyapur to LB Nagar (corridor-I), Jubilee Bus Station to Falaknuma (corridor-II) and Nagole to Shiplaramam (corridor-III) - where the metro rail is taking shape. This would mean that there would be no scope for the improvement of the city bus service or MMTS (Multi-Model Transport System) that has emerged as a popular mode of urban rail transport.The concession agreement says: \"The government shall not construct any rail or road transport system between, inter alia, the three metro corridors\" for a period of 35 years from the date the metro rail becomes operational. Further, L&T; is entitled to an additional concession period of another 35 years. That means that the state government cannot develop any other public transport system for over 70 years without the consent of the private engineering company.More startlingly, the concession agreement even restricts the government from revising the fare for the public transport or extending discounts or reductions in the fare and in the event of breach of these provisions, the government is liable to pay compensation to L&T; under the latter's terms.This clause can go against the state government and can end up acting against the interests of the commuter for whose benefit the metro rail has been conceived. This is because at a delay of Rs 5 crore per day in the construction of the project, keeping in mind the factors of the prevailing rate of inflation, insurance, currency fluctuation and rate of interest on the escalated project cost, the basic fare of the metro rail is expected to be around Rs 14 as of April 1, 2016. This would mean that the commuter would have to pay a high price for travelling on the metro rail even as the state would be helpless in improving the other modes of transport.Charging that these provisions of the concession agreement are in violation of the Competition Act 2002, members of civil society, who have already petitioned the AP High Court against Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL) on the charges of changing the alignment unilaterally, are now mulling moving the Competition Commission. \"The provisions made in the concession agreement are monopolistic and are in defiance of the Competition Act. We are planning to complain to the Competition Commission,\" said Prof C Ramachandriah, who is spearheading the agitation against metro rail project.While citing a similarity of the Hyderabad metro rail case with that of the Bangalore International Airport (BIA) that is facing a case under the Monopolistic Trade Practice Act after it insisted upon the closure of the government-run HAL airport in the city, Ramachandriah said curtailing the growth of public sector companies to suit the needs of private companies was unfair. A petition filed by Vivek Kulkarni, a former IAS officer , against BIA, is pending in the Karnataka high court.However, authorities in HMRL said the metro rail service would only supplement the existing public transport system, and, hence, would not violate the Competition Act. \"We are making use of the city buses as the feeder service for the metro rail. There is no question of treating it as our competitor,\" said a senior officer in the HMRL. An e-mail query to the L&T; did not elicit reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "12890095", "title": "Birthday songs echo at Masti Ka Adda", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Birthday songs and delicious cake took 60-year-olds back to childhood at Masti Ka Adda in BRS Nagar on Thursday. About 45 members of this club of senior citizens gathered to celebrate the birthdays of five members born in April.The birthday boys included Gulshan Singh Buttar, a retired government servant who turned 61, K K Bakshi, a retired dean of college of veterinary science, PAU, who turned 75, Amrik Singh Sandhu, a retired PAU professor who turned 66, Lakhbir Singh Beri, a retired banker who turned 65 and Bahadur Singh Randhawa, a retired GADVASU teacher who turned 64. All these members hail from BRS Nagar.Apart from Bahadur Singh, all other members who celebrate their birthdays in April were present. ''We sent Bahadur's gift to his place as he could not come for the celebration,'' said Buttar.Members cut a cake and smudged the cream on birthday boys's faces. Forum president Gursewak Singh Gill, 71, said, ''We had better fun than the youngsters have today. While they keep away from samosas and sweets, we didn't think twice before gorging on the snacks.''''We wait for this day with excitement as celebrating birthdays together is a lot of fun. Sharing our happiness and sadness here is like life line,'' said Jugraj Singh Dhillon, 70, a retired PAU dean. Retired banker R L Gupta, 70, said, ''These birthdays are a special occasion for us as all the members attend these gatherings and share the happiness.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12887472", "title": "Collectorate bypassed Akola civic body to give NA permits", "text": "AKOLA: An oversight or deliberate omission by the Akola district collectorate has resulted in several prominent citizens, including political leaders and influential builders, getting away without paying development charges worth Rs 20 lakh. These charges should have been paid to Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) while layouts were sanctioned after converting agriculture land into non-agriculture land by the district collectorate.Sources revealed that sitting Shiv Sena MLC Gopichand Radhakisan Bajoriya and his brother Omprakash did not have to pay development charges amounting to Rs 1,72,000 while property dealer Suresh Omprakash Gautam saved Rs 10,17,920. Prominent among others who saved on the fees were Ashok Musaddilal Gupta (Rs 92,000), Girish G Agrawal (Rs 2,31,760 for changing use of layout to commercial purpose), Motwani family (Rs 4,68,000), and Deepak Hiralal Chaurasiya (Rs 1,00,000).The non-levy of development charges has allegedly come about due to lack of coordination between the town planning authority of Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) and the district revenue authority in giving non-agriculture permission to layouts in the limits of AMC.In the above cases the revenue authority did not send applications by developers for no objection certificate (NOC) from the town planning department of AMC. In six cases, the revenue authority also granted NA permission without NOC from AMC between May 2007 and August 2009.This authorized the developers to sell the plots in concerned sanctioned layout without making provision for civic amenities and without paying development charges to AMC. These layouts are at village Mouza Nizampur, Umri, Navgaon, Kaulikhed and Akola, reliable sources said.As per law, the town planning authority levies development charges to provide civic amenities, and maintain and improve the area, or to allow individuals or institution to change use of any land or building, or develop any land or building. The charges range from minimum of Rs 20 to maximum Rs 60 per square meter as per use of lands and buildings.Every application for permission to change use of land from one purpose to another has to be made to the collector, who is required to consult the AMC town planning officials.A government circular of October 12, 1988, too had instructed the collector get the no objection certificate (NOC) from the AMC planning officials before granting permission for use of agriculture land for any non-agriculture purpose.Surprisingly, AMC's town planning authority admitted all these facts. They claimed that non-agricultural assessment (NAA) in their jurisdiction had been directly approved by the Akola collector without getting NOC from AMC. The same has been brought to the notice of the district collectorate but it was ignored, said AMC officials. Now, AMC has instructed layout holders to deposit the development charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12889308", "title": "Unicef team lauds National Rural Health Mission training efforts in Nalbari", "text": "GUWAHATI: A national-level monitoring team of Unicef has appreciated the efforts of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), Nalbari, for completing training for the Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHA) supervisors from March 26 to April 8.The trained team of supervisors has began training Asha workers from Wednesday last. This training would continue for the next 22 days and all four blocks accross Nalbari would be covered. It may be mentioned that one Asha supervisor is appointed against 10 ASHA workers and as such 68 Asha supervisors are working in Nalbari to monitor the activities of 750 workers..R Samaddar, a health services official, said \"\"During this 22-day exhaustive training programme, spread across 4 rounds, topics like home-based newborn care, maternal and women's reproduction health, emergency maternal care and community healthcare will be covered. This training will give an great impetus to the existing system and Asha workers will go through a skill upgradation process with which they will be able to work with a better understanding of complicated health situations and danger signs.\"The team of UNICEF comprising Pabitra Mohan, maternal and child health consultant, Unicef Delhi, Sachin Gupte, health officer of Unicef Assam , assisted by P Chakrabarty, district immunization officer, Nalbari, visited all four block primary health center (BPHC) areas along with Tihu FRU for a first-hand picture of health services scenario in the district. They were highly satisfied with the overall service delivery in health institutions and the quality of training provided to Asha workers in Chamata BPHC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12894489", "title": "I would prefer hosting a TV show: Sonu Sood", "text": "Gone are the days when Bollywood celebs would switch over to down South and try their luck there. The trend seems to have changed now as many actors from South are vying for Bollywood films these days.Illena, Dhanush and Mahesh Babu are understood to have all set for their Bollywood journey. Ask actor Sonu Sood, who has been working simultaneously in both the industries, about this and he says, \"I think both the industries have come to same platform now and it's a great exposure for actors to work in both the arenas. Also the actors get to explore films and enjoy both the mediums like I do.\"And what about the replacement game which is seen and reported quite often these days? \"When a role happens, the director has couple of actors in mind, and he approaches them. But then sometimes the actors selected first don't get convinced by the script or role. Then the search for other actors starts and this leads to the so-called 'replacement game'. So, it really depends on several things and I don't think it matters a lot,\" says he.Many stars are on TV these days, does Sonu wish to do a show on the small screen in near future? Says he, \"Right now my hands are full with films like Maximum, Shootout At Wadala and others. So TV shows are not in my plan of things now, but it may happen in future. However, I would love to host a show, when I get a chance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12889208", "title": "National Students' Union of India demands ragging helpline", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam chapter of National Students' Union of India (NSUI) on Thursday submitted a memorandum to Jayanto Narayan Choudhury, director general of police, seeking measures to curb ragging and harassment of women students in city colleges. The memorandum suggests establishment of an anti-ragging and anti eve-teasing helpline numbers.Partho Pratim Bora, NSUI state president, said: \"Evils like ragging and harassment have gripped the society and it needs to be eliminated. With this memorandum, we at NSUI ask the honourable director general of police, to help curb these trends. The role of the police is necessary and important and we request the police to take necessary steps by establishing the helpline numbers.\"Bora added that the Supreme Court's recent ruling against ragging are a relief and will help check these social evils. Establishment of helpline number will not only help curb the menace, but also enable people to lodge complaints and address their grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12888227", "title": "WHO to push for helmets for women in Andhra, Punjab", "text": "NEW DELHI: Emboldened by the Delhi government's assurance to the high court that it would amend Motor Vehicle Rules making it mandatory for women riders to wear helmets, the World Health Organization (WHO) would pursue Andhra Pradesh and Punjab to implement the norm.Addressing road safety experts and stakeholders at the College of Traffic Management (CTM) in Faridabad on Thursday, Dr Sverker Almqvist, technical officer (road safety and injury prevention) of WHO, said that they would try to convince the political leadership in these two states to make it compulsory for all two-wheeler drivers and their pillions to wear helmet while driving. \"We know it's a tough task. But we are also aware that these states are pushing the agenda to reduce road deaths. We are hopeful they would support this initiative,\" Almqvist said.The WHO is running two pilot projects in Andhra Pradesh and Punjab under a global campaign to make roads safe. The multilateral agency is supporting the two states in their drive against drunken driving, and there have been positive results. The WHO, in its last report on global road safety, had cited non-wearing of helmets as one of the main reasons for growing road fatalities in developing countries.Earlier, several efforts by traffic police chiefs in Hyderabad to implement the helmet rule has been unsuccessful due to lack of political will to enforce it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889126", "title": "Govt to recruit 284 ex-servicemen as assistant jailers", "text": "PATNA: In yet another first in the country, the Bihar prisons department has decided to utilize the experience of ex-servicemen by recruiting them as assistant jailers in different jails of the state.One-third of the total 938 vacant posts of assistant jailers in the state would be filled by ex-servicemen, IG prisons, Anand Kishore, told TOI on Thursday.\"We have decided to recruit around 284 ex-servicemen against the total 938 vacancies of assistant jailers in Bihar to beef up security inside jails. The remaining vacancies would be filled by candidates from the general and reserved categories, as per the rules, as well as by promotions,\" he said.Kishore, however, clarified that only those ex-servicemen would be eligible for the said posts who have served in the army, navy or air force and were getting regular pension after retirement.Deputy director, prisons-industries, BCP Singh, said an advertisement in this regard would be published soon. \"The proposal does not include those ex-servicemen who belong to the defence security core, general reserve engineering force, paramilitary or auxiliary force,\" he clarified.The maximum age limit for ex-servicemen aspiring for the job would be 50 years. But they must be 100% physically and mentally fit with sharp hearing capability, Singh said, adding that perfect health condition would be the benchmark for the selection.According to Singh, IG prisons would screen all the applications before the recruitment. In some cases, he might even call for a written test which would not be mandatory for all ex-servicemen. The test papers would comprise mathematics, Hindi and GK, he said.Their salary and promotion would be governed by the rules and norms of the state government. However, their appointments would be made under the provisions of the Re-employment Rules, 1979, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12888424", "title": "Man falls from train, killed in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: One person died and another was injured after they fell off a passenger train at the Rajapur train crossing in Ghaziabad on Thursday morning. Police said the two were travelling on the crowded Ghaziabad-Meerut passenger train around 10am. The victims have not been identified so far.\"The two men were hanging on by the doors of the train. At the Rajapur crossing, the gates hit them and they both fell off. One of them was declared dead on arrival at the hospital while the other's condition is now said to be stable. We are still trying to identify them as they were not carrying any identification,\" an officer said.Police said no case has been registered so far as the accident seems to have resulted from the victims' negligence. \"They were travelling dangerously, in clear violation of the Railway Act. Eyewitnesses said they slipped while trying to avoid being hit by the gates at the crossing,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12889544", "title": "Dandapani urges dialogue on tribal issues", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Though the hostage crisis in the state was finally over with the Maoists releasing abducted tribal MLA Jhina Hikaka on Thursday, the mediators who negotiated with the government on behalf of the rebels want to resume discussions to solve tribal issues for good.Former IAS officer B D Sharma and Jana Adhikar Manch convener Dandapani Mohanty were involved in discussions with three senior bureaucrats of the government to secure the release of Italian tour operator Bosusco Paolo abducted by Maoists. The discussions came to a close on April 11 with a jointly agreed statement to release the Italian.\"We have written a fresh letter to the government on Tuesday requesting to resume the discussion to solve the tribal and Maoist related issues,\" said Mohanty, thanking Maoists for setting the first-time lawmaker from Laxmipur constituency free.He said the issues raised by the Maoists during the abduction of the then Malkanagiri collector R Vineel Krishna, and recently the Italians and the MLA are almost the same. \"It is the right time for the government to start resolving the problems through discussion and implement the suggestions given to them by Maoists,\" Mohanty said.Some of the important suggestions given to the government by Maoists are complete prohibition of alcohol in tribal areas, restoration of tribal lands grabbed by non-tribals by implementing the land reforms as done by Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh governments, implementation of PESA in scheduled areas to protect natural resources and to prohibit tribal tourism, etc. \"We have given some of these suggestions to the government. The government should resume discussions on these issues,\" Mohanty stressed.Mohanty, who is also the co-advisor of Chasi Mulaia Adivasi Sangh (CMAS), urged the freed MLA Hikaka to work for tribal people in Narayanpatna to solve their problems pertaining to the land, liquour and mines.\"He should try to solve the problems of the tribals and to protect their rights,\" Mohanty said. The MLA should mount pressure to release members of CMAS, who are languishing in jail. At least 73 members of the CMAS are lodged in Koraput and Malkanagiri jails for the past few years, Mohanty pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "rajula (amreli)", "code": "12890183", "title": "Two lions punished for human folly", "text": "RAJULA (AMRELI): Two Asiatic lions are facing 'life imprisonment' for no fault of theirs! A lion, which was harassed by a group of villagers, brutally killed a 35-year-old man in Dholadri village of Amreli district on April 18. The area falls under expanded lion territory called Bruhad Gir.As per rules, any lion or wild cat which attacks humans are captured and caged in Sakkarbaug Zoo or in the rescue centre in Sasan Gir for life time. However, investigation into the entire episode has thrown up some disturbing facts.While forest department maintains that the man was attacked when he went into the bushes, sources in the social forestry department confirmed to TOI that the man was part of a group, which had actually snatched away a cow that was killed by the lion on April 17 by pelting stones at it.\"Next day early morning, the group again went to the area where lions were located and started harassing the pair. They continued to disturb the lions till 3 pm when finally one of lions brutally killed the man, Bhura Parmar,\" a source said. The lion tore apart the man and finally sat on his chest. Even forest officials had a tough time to collect the man's body parts and they used a tractor to keep the lion away.Later the lion was captured and forest officials are on lookout for the other lion to capture it.When asked, Rajula range forest officer A B Bloch said Parmar along with others had gone to collect firewood in the area when the lion attacked him. But forest officials confirm that lion never attack humans unless they are disturbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12889152", "title": "More villages to get treated and safe water from Ganga", "text": "PATNA: Health hazard facing the rural people using underground water containing arsenic content as drinking water, has made the state government take a major decision to supply the treated surface water from rivers directly to the villages in different districts through multi-village piped water supply scheme.The programme was a hit in Bhojpur district when it was introduced in 2009-10. Now, this scheme is being extended to other districts located on the bed of the Ganga for treating the Ganga water and supplying safe drinking water to a large number of villages in Buxar, Patna, Vaishali and Bhagalpur districts.Public health and engineering department (PHED) minister Chandra Mohan Rai told TOI that in the absence of a detailed survey of underground water it was difficult to locate exactly the arsenic-affected villages and so this scheme was launched to supply the treated surface water to the villagers. He said detecting arsenic in the groundwater is difficult as it is found in different layers of underground water at different times.According to a senior PHED official, the programme was running successfully in 39 villages of Bhojpur district located near the bank of Ganga with facility of treatment of water through conventional methods and then disinfecting it using sodium hypo chloride.At the water treatment plant installed at Maujama village in Bhojpur district, the water is first allowed to settle, then passed through clariflaculator chamber for cleaning with alum and lime. Thereafter, the water is filtered and passed through the disinfectant unit and then lifted to a high mast water tower from where the water is taken through pipeline to eight mini towers each supplying water to a cluster of villages.The official said that a special power feeder line was taken for drawing the Ganga water to the treatment plant, lifting the water to the towers and supply them to the villages.Now this scheme is being extended to Bidupur block in Vaishali district to supply pure drinking water (treated) from the Ganga to about 50 villages. In Buxar district, the scheme would provide drinking water to 130 villages while in Patna district 25 villages under Maner block will be covered under the scheme. In Bhagalpur district, 141 villages/tolas under Kahalgaon and Pirpainty blocks and 86 villages/tolas under Sultanganj and Nathnagar blocks would be covered, the PHEDofficials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12888448", "title": "Cop transferred for arresting Youth Congress activists", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: One more police officer was transferred from Alappuzha apparently for taking action against Congress party activists in the district.It's alleged that Kayamkulam circle inspector A R Shanihan was transferred on Wednesday night for arresting three Youth Congress activists. According sources in police, last week Shanihan arrested three YC activists in connection with a scuffle at Kayamkulam Government Hospital. They were remanded in judicial custody by the court.\"Following this, Youth Congress activists took out a protest march alleging that the CI had physically tortured the three accused while under police custody. They also urged senior Congress leaders to take action against the CI. YC activists also threatened that if no action was taken, they would boycott the 'Yuvajana Yatra' led by Youth Congress state president P C Vishnunath, MLA,\" the source said.A senior police officer told TOI that police were now afraid to take action against Congress party activists who violate law. \"If we take action against them, we will get a transfer order the next day,\" he said.On August 11 last, the then Alappuzha superintendent of police, C H Nagaraju, was removed from his post as Congress leaders in Alappuzha wanted this done.As per the new Kerala Police Act, an SP should not be transferred for two years from a district if he discharges his duty efficiently. However, Nagaraju was transferred within 50 days of joining service in Alappuzha. He was popular among the people and his subordinates.\"The Home Department transferred Nagaraju after he allegedly refused to appoint 17 sub-inspectors suggested by the Congress party here. He appointed sub-inspectors taking into account their capability. Following this, Congress leaders threatened him, and he was immediately transferred,\" the source said.\"Chengannur SI N G Sreemon, Vallikunnam SI Rajesh, Aroor SI Sasidharan Nair and Ambalappuzha SI Tomi Sebastian were also transferred after they refused to take orders from Congress leaders in the district,\" police source said.District Congress Committee president A A Shukoor also confirmed that Kayamkulam CI had been transferred following complaints from Youth Congress leaders. \"Shanihan supported illegal sand mining in the area. He arrested YC activists who had acted against the sand mafia. So they lodged a complaint against the CI with the chief minister and the home minister,\" Shukoor said.However, Alappuzha SP K G James told TOI that Shanihan had been transferred by the police headquarters and that he did not know why the CI had been shifted out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12889123", "title": "Tripura defers appointing teachers without conducting Teachers' Eligibility Test", "text": "AGARTALA: Since the Union ministry of human resource development (MHRD) turned down the state government's proposal to recruit teachers without conducting the Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET), the state government has postponed appointing teachers for the 1.5 lakh vacant posts of undergraduate teachers in state-run schools. The fate of the 863 science graduate teachers who were selected without TET remains undecided.\"The ministry was supposed to hold a meeting with the state education ministers on April 23 to discuss the matter but the meeting has been postponed to June 5 next. We have postponed issuing job offers to teachers without conducting TET till the meeting,\" school education minister Tapan Chakraborty said on Wednesday.The state education department had demanded relaxation of TET and recruitment of trained teachers with 50 per cent marks in February last following the controversy over the recruitment initiative of the state government without any test. However, the MHRD did not agree with the proposal of the state government and suggested the government to hold TET for the eligible candidates as holding TET has been made mandatory under the Right to Education Act (REA).The Tripura government has been opposing the setting up of the school service commission and TET under REA, saying that the state had poor education infrastructure and it was difficult to get well-educated and trained candidates.Despite the mandatory directives of the Centre to follow the National Council of Teachers' Education (NCTE) to bring qualified and meritorious people as teachers, the state government did not follow it and provided jobs to party cadres, alleged opposition Congress.\"The Act has clearly made the provisions of conducting Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) as per the norms and guidelines of NCTE mandatory after initial screening of the eligible candidates for recruitment in schools, but the state government is selecting them on a so-called verbal interview,\" leader of the opposition R L Nath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12890093", "title": "The divine collection", "text": "Ganeshas are everywhere at the home of the Raghunathans. They greet you once you cross the threshold, stare at you from the wall, look down from the ceiling and peep from behind curtains. But you lose count when you reach the three cupboards that stock the idols.\"We have more than 1,500 Ganesha idols,\" says K Raghunathan,whostartedthecollection along with his wife Lakshmi. \"In my wife's family Ganesha is the god who is most worshipped. Perhaps that is one of the reasons we collect Ganeshas,\" he says.Lakshmi says that every time the couple celebrates an auspicious occasion,itis a tradition for them to bring in a new idol. \"Every occasion calls for a new Ganesha whether it is the wedding of our son or when our grandchildren were born,\" says Lakshmi.The couple started their collection in 1974, when Raghunathan, a former employee of the Steel Authority of India, was involved in the building of a Ganesha templein Bhilaiin Chhattisgarh. \"The statues and idols were flown in from Mahabalipuram,\" says Raghunathan. From then on, everywhere they went, the Raghunathans made it a point to pick up the god. \"We also frequent exhibitions hoping to find idols,\" says Lakshmi.There are idols made of granite, khus khus, pith, silver, brass, wood, soapstone and marble. The tiniest Ganesha they have, measuring just half a thumb,is made of mercury,while there is one carved out of a single piece of pipal tree wood and another from troutbone.Every Navarathri, Lakshmi fashions one Ganesha out of clay for her kolu, the traditional arrangement of dolls in south Indian households. \"He is always a part of my kolu arrangement. Last year, the theme was Ganesha's wedding,\" she says, pointing to her an idol dressed as a Bengali bridegroom.\"It is hard work,\" says Raghunathan, \"You need to keep finding ones that you do not have.\" But they do take pride in their work as is evident from the large visitors' register they pull out just before you leave their home. \"Please do write your comments, what you thought about our Ganeshas,\" says Lakshmi, beaming at the fact that more than 100 visitors have praised her collection.(This is a weekly series that features the people who collect odds and ends, from stamps and coins to racing cars and rocks)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12889768", "title": "US \u2018gate crasher\u2019 to run for governor\u2019s post", "text": "WASHINGTON: More than two years after he gate crashed into the White House state dinner hosted for visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Tareq Salahi has announced his intent to run for governor of Virginia.\"It's not part of reality TV. It's not a stunt. It's real,\" Salahi told The Washington Post.Salahi told the daily that he will run, as a Republican, to avenge a recent lawsuit brought against him by another GOP gubernatorial hopeful - Virginia attorney general Ken Cuccinelli II. According to the daily, Salahi feels the lawsuit made him realize just how much taxpayer money politicians waste. So he decided someone else should run for the state's top job. \"I woke up thinking 'someone should do this',\" Salahi said. \"And I thought 'Wait a minute. I'm someone!', he said. Salahi and his wife Michaele created a major security breach in Nov 2009 when they managed to enter White House and attend the state dinner hosted by US president Obama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12889955", "title": "Draft to be put up for discussion in House", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has come up with a plan to have four main parking lots in Sector 17 fully automatic.The points in the draft proposal, which has been prepared after studying various automatic parking lots in the country, will be put up for detailed discussion. As per the draft, each slot in the parking lots will have CCTV cameras and censors which will be attached to a control room to show vacant and occupied slots, besides a display board at the entrance to indicate vacant parking slots.\"In the draft, we have also proposed altercation in the existing parking areas, while data has been collected about available capacity of lots. Besides, censors would be crucial in ascertaining occupancy. We have also demanded formation of a committee comprising executive engineer and sub-division engineer level officers to discuss the proposal in detail including hour-wise charges\", said a senior MC officer.Additional municipal commissioner T P S Phoolka said, \"The draft has been prepared, but it will be discussed thoroughly before taking any action in this regard. Hopefully, things will start on the ground in a short period.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887506", "title": "Supply squeeze ups mango prices", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the first regional crop still at least a month away, this is no time for mango chauvinism but what admirers of the king of fruits are finding hard to swallow this time are the steep prices of the southern varieties. Even the humble and ungainly safeda - that waddles into shakes only with the crutch of sugar - is retailing at Rs 60-80 a kilo. The much-vaunted alphonso never comes cheap, but at Rs 600-700 a dozen it is at least 50% dearer than last year's April price.Traders say all of the southern varieties - mainly alphonso, hamam, safeda and pairi - are at least 20% costlier this time. \"Erratic weather in the southern states has affected the production this year. The quantity of mangoes, especially alphonso, available is less,\" said Anand Kumar of Janta Fruit Center, a fruit vendor in GK-1, adding, \"Last year, the wholesale price of alphonso was around Rs 400 per box, but this time it has been really high\".Of the varieties currently available, the hamam from Hyderabad is considered the sweetest. \"Safeda at this time is not so good. Its flavor improves towards the end of May,\" said Jatin Bajaj of PJ International, a fruit vendor in Azadpur.Traders now have their hopes pinned on the mango crops from Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Haryana. \"We are still awaiting varieties like langra, chausa, dussehri and dinga that are preferred by North Indians and are moderately priced. Usually, April belongs to mangoes from Vijayawada and Hyderabad. But by May-June, varieties from Uttar Pradesh also come in,\" said an official at the Azadpur Sabzi Mandi.Although frequent storms over the last couple of weeks in the north have given traders something to worry about, they expect a bumper crop in the weeks ahead will bring down prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12887710", "title": "Salesman arrested for molesting woman in CP", "text": "NEW DELHI: A salesman at an apparel store in Connaught Place was arrested for molesting a customer on Thursday evening. In her complaint to police, the woman alleged the man entered the changing room and misbehaved with her.\"She told us he repeatedly touched her as she was selecting clothes, and later barged into the changing room after her,\" said a police officer. The incident was reported around 4pm when the woman, a public school teacher, stopped by at the store in B block of Inner Circle. The 20-year-old woman told police she was the lone customer in the store where 4-5 workers were present.Witnesses said that she called up police soon after Manoj Kumar, the accused, misbehaved with her, but they were slow to arrive. A case of molestation has been registered at the Connaught Place police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12889748", "title": "Sachin\u2019s RS nomination no indication of retirement", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cricket superstar Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to the Rajya Sabha comes after he completed a historic 100 international centuries in March this year. It is also seen by some cricket buffs as indicating his retirement in the foreseeable future. However, when asked if his acceptance of a Rajya Sabha nomination indicates a desire to hang up his boots, sources said, \"No way. He is not retiring.\"The home ministry sent the names of Sachin, Rekha and Aga to President Pratibha Patil after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh made the recommendations on Wednesday. Patil approved the recommendation on Thursday, leaving it for the Rajya Sabha secretariat to complete the formalities.57-year-old Rekha, who debuted in the 1970s and ruled the Indian screen in the 1980s, has won several national awards in her acting career. Anu Aga of Thermax, who is also a member of the National Advisory Council, shot into prominence after she came out to attack Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for failing to rein in the anti-Muslim violence in his state in 2002. India Inc had preferred to be silent until Aga spoke out.The names have been cleared against five existing vacancies in the Upper House under the 'nominated members' category. At present, there are seven nominated MPs, including lyricist and script writer Javed Akhtar and agriculture scientist M S Swaminathan .It will also be interesting to see whether Sachin's sense of appreciation of the RS nomination - as reflected in his thanksgiving visit to Sonia Gandhi - will lead him to join the Congress.Official sources said the home ministry has sent the name of Tendulkar under the \"social service\" category as sports is not specifically listed in fields eligible for nominations.About Sachin's nomination, constitutional expert and former LS secretary general Subhash C Kashyap said there was nothing unusual about a sportsperson being placed in the 'social service' category. \"It looks like stretching it a little bit, but the government had been doing it in the past,\" he said.60 yrs of House: Parliament will celebrate its 60th year on May 13 with a special session of both Houses and the government may launch a special stamp and a coin to mark the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12894298", "title": "'I love to hear KK', says Usha Uthup", "text": "Draped in her ever graceful kanjeevaram sari and sporting trademark bindi with Bangla alphabet 'Ka' etche on it to show support for her home city, Kolkata, Usha Uthup was in her usual element when LT congratulated her for getting Best Female Playback Singer award and this year's Filmfare's for her song 'Darling' in 'Saat Khoon Maaf', which is also incidently her first award she has got from the Hindi film industry.\"You saw it on TV. It was fabulous!\" says the singer who has sung in 17 Indian languages and in some foreign ones too. The announcement came as icing on the cake for the effervesent singer, who was also awarded Padam Bhushan by government, last year.Asked if she felt overlooked by the industry despite lending her distinct voice to many popular tracks like 'Ramba Ho', 'Hari Om Hari' in a career stretching over 42 years and she replies nonchalantly, \"My priority has always being singing and being on stage, be it a studio or anywhere else. Also, You can't say anything to anybody if you are not performing yourself. I have no axe to grind with anybody anyway.\"Time and again, the music directors in Bollywood have been accused of lifting music and presenting themselves as their own creation. Latest in the chain was Pritam, accused for lifting one particular song out of an Iranian band's album. Though the things got sorted out ultimately, the question still remains whether there is a lack of creativity in Bollywood. Usha differs on the topic. \"I has happening for so long now. RD (Burman), Bappi Lahiri used to do to it all the time. But in those days, nobody used to notice it as there was no Internet. Communication has become so developed now that you can't really hide anything,\" opines the singer.She also took the opportunity to chide the singers, those are increasingly being vocal against the onslaught of talent from across the border. \"I think people should have everything on the table and then let them decide if they want to listen to it or not. They (people) are not idiots. I don't know why they (the singers) say things like that. They are only putting themselves it bad light.\"With piracy being another buzzword in the industry currently, we asked her whether creativity should be free and Usha says, \"Well its a nice thing na,\" and laughs off before adding, \"On a more serious note, I think if you flood the market with a product at affordable rates, in terms of market size, there should be less cases of piracy.\" Asked if she everr downloaded a song off Internet, since Usha is known to be tech savvy, the singer quickly replies, \"I won't do it. I'll go and buy.\"Usha is generally known for her raspy voice and high pitched songs, she incidently likes to listen to soft, melodious songs in her free time. Ask who is her favourite singer from the current lot and she replies, \"I love to hear KK, thought he is has been in the field for sometime now and Javed Ali. Both are very talented. I also loved \"Kolaveri D\". It was simply superb and very good experiment too. Thats why I say let it all come. How will you know what you want to listen to until all that is there comes (on table).\"Since IPL is on and Usha's love for cricket is well known, we couldn't resist our temptation to probe her on her fvourite IPL team. \"It's team Kolkata obviously. I'm a huge fan of KKR. Recently I wore a purple sari during a match to show my support for the team. Though our team lost that match and but Shah Rukh called me later and I said no worries, we will win the next one,\" singer says with a grin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12887798", "title": "Gujarat University on mission to expose con man Sujal Singhania", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Posters were put up on Thursday at the Gujarat University (GU) warning students to beware of fraudster Sujal Singhania. The posters were put up at various places in the main building and other parts of the university campus.\"All the posters were put up at places where large number of students gather so as to reach out to maximum number of them and send out a warning signal. To begin with we have put up black and white posters on Thursday and the varsity will paste number of colour posters on Friday,\" said a GU official.Apart from posters, nearly 50,000 students will also be sent SMSes detailing Singhania's frauds. His photos will also be put up on the university website so students who know him can help police in tracing him.Singhania allegedly duped several university students, including three girls to whom he also promised marriage. \"He used to frequently hang out at the cafeteria in the School of Sciences. He is said to have borrowed money from students on some or the other pretext and the sum runs into lakhs,\" the university sources said.The modus operandi of the fraudster was rather interesting. He would impress his would-be victims by flaunting expensive cars and bikes like Harley Davidson. He also impressed and befriended several gullible students by spending lavishly on them at restaurants.Singhania has been on the run after a complaint was filed against him in Vastrapur police station for stealing a Nissan car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12888773", "title": "Tamil Nadu's liquor revenue rises to Rs 18K cr", "text": "CHENNAI: Tipplers in Tamil Nadu are robustly contributing to the state coffers with the government earning 18,000 crore in revenue from liquor sales in the 2011-12 fiscal, a 20% increase from the previous financial year.The growth in consumption was 12% in 2011-12 with 5.4 crore cases of hard liquor sold compared to 4.8 crore cases in the previous year. Sources note that liquor consumption increased by 17% in 2010-11, which show that the rate of growth in consumption is slowing.\"Liquor sales in 2010-11 was 14,965.42 crore while the provisional figures for 2011-12 were 18,081.16 crore, registering a 20.82% increase,\" Prohibition and Excise Minister Natham R Viswanathan told the state assembly.The state government had increased liquor prices in July 2011, which also contributed about 1,400 crore to the exchequer during the last financial year. The government had increased excise duty by about 10 per proof litre for ordinary brand liquor while for medium and premium brand liquor it has been increased by about 12.Sources in the Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation (Tasmac), which has the monopoly of selling liquor in the state, said that out of the total 18,081.16 crore revenue through liquor sales, the profit for the government is around 15,000 crore after the outgo for purchase of liquor from different companies, salary, rent and other expenses.Industry trends also indicate that tipplers in the state prefer brandy to whisky, rum or vodka. Over the last three years, brandy consumption increased from 53% in 2008-09 to 73% of the total liquor sold in the state. In 2011-12, brandy consumption works out to 80% of the total sales.Brandy is followed by rum and whisky in sales, but they contribute only about 14% and 4% respectively.Justifying the earning through liquor sales, Viswanathan said that by preventing sale of spurious liquor, liquor smuggled from neighbouring states and non-duty paid items and due to Tasmac's retail sale of IMFL (Indian Made Foreign Liquor), the government revenue has increased.The AIADMK government in 2003 had nationalised the sale of liquor. Alcohol is sold in the state through Tasmac-run outlets and liquor sales have of late turned out to be a major revenue grosser for the government. The government has also taken up various awareness campaigns to explain the \"evils of drinking\", Viswanathan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12890188", "title": "AISSF to protest before UN secy gen for justice for 1984 riot victims", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Days after CBI started tightening its noose around Congress leader Sajjan Kumar in a Delhi court, the All India Sikh Students Federation (AISSF) and US based human rights group, Sikhs For Justice (SFJ), have decided to hold a protest before UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon outside the Jamia Millia Islamia university on Friday to seek justice for victims of 1984 riots.Ban Ki-moon is on a three-day visit to India and will attend a convocation function at the university in Delhi on Friday morning.AISSF and SFJ have also demanded that CBI should file additional murder case against Sajjan Kumar for his role in the killings of Gurcharan Singh Rishi, Santokh Singh and Sohan Singh Kohli, all residents of Nawada in Delhi who were attacked by the rioters.While Santokh was killed during the riots, Rishi, a resident of Gulab Bagh Colony in Nawada village on Nazafgarh road, was thrown into a burning truck by the mob. Rishi remained bed-ridden for 25 years before he died in February 2009. Months before his death, and the AISSF help, he was taken to the CBI office here, where he recorded his statement against Sajjan Kumar. \"Rishi told CBI that the mob that threw him into the burning truck was incited by Congress leader Sajjan Kumar,\" AISSF leader Karnail Singh Peer Mohammad claimed.Earlier this week, through its Chandigarh-based counsel R S Cheema, CBI had told a Delhi court that \"there was a conspiracy of terrifying proportion with the complicity of police and patronage of local MP Sajjan Kumar\" during 1984 riots.SFJ has filed various petitions with different wings of United Nations during the past three-four years, seeking justice for the 1984 victims and saying that justice has eluded them. \"Even after Rishi... recorded his statement before the CBI in 2008, the agency failed to file any criminal case against Sajjan Kumar,\" said Peer Mohammad.\"Based on CBI's admission before the court that Congress party leaders, Delhi police and the then government were involved in conspiracy to commit mass killing of Sikhs, we will now file a PIL petition requesting the court to set up Special Investigation Team (SIT) to investigate and file charges against Congress leaders and police officers for aiding, abetting, conspiring and carrying out attacks on Sikhs during November 1984,\" the AISSF leader claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12889206", "title": "Mangalore college bans burqa in class", "text": "MANGALORE: A Mangalore college has banned women students from wearing the burqa in classrooms, laying down the law in its prospectus. The diktat that is likely to trigger a debate criss-crossing gender and sectarian lines, was meant for undergraduate courses at the St Aloysius Pre-University College.\"Students must be neatly dressed in accordance with the rule of approved etiquette. Girls are not expected to wear burqa in the classrooms and in the examination halls. The decision of the principal in this regard is to be accepted,\" reads the first condition in the general regulations, a copy of which is with TOI.At many places in UP's Muslim-dominated areas, students routinely wear the burqa but most take it off inside classrooms although there is no fiat against the full-body dress. In New Delhi's Jamia Milia Islamia, a central university, there is no restriction on students wearing the burqa to classes.Internationally, France, Italy and Belgium are among countries that have banned the burqa to empower women and ensure personal identification among other reasons. Many other European nations may follow suit.St Aloysius registrar AM Narahari told TOI on Thursday the college didn't object to girls wearing burqa on campus and in the corridors. However, \"girls are not allowed to enter classrooms and exam halls wearing burqa.\" Narahari said lecturers found it difficult to teach students in burqa and it was mandatory for students to show their face during exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12887713", "title": "Servicemen in IPS cadre: Notice issued to Centre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat High Court on Thursday sought explanation from the Centre over a PIL challenging its decision to permit 70 officers from armed forces to join the Indian Police Service (IPS) cadre through Limited Competitive Examination (LCE).The department of personnel and training had issued a notification on August 29 last year, providing for inclusion of 70 officers from army and paramilitary forces in IPS cadre for seven years. The Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has scheduled the exams on May 20 for selection of these candidates. The Gujarat Ex-police Association has challenged this decision mainly on the ground that those commissioned into armed forces are trained for full-fledged war and conflict management and that the police force does not require warriors.The petitioner's counsel, I H Syed, contended that the army officers are not trained in the area of maintenance of peace, public order, handling of law and order problems, prevention and investigation of crime, human rights issues, court process, VIP security and intelligence gathering. The IPS officers, on the other hand, are trained to deal with these issues in a delicate and friendly manner.Besides the issue of qualification and training, the PIL also stated that the scheme of inducting army officers through LCE, which is not legal as per the recruitment rules, would badly affect the future of those police officers who are promoted from the state cadre. The PIL also contended that this arrangement would have an adverse impact on the armed forces as well. It was also argued that LCE would be anti-minority due to disproportionate representation of communities in armed forces, and anti-women as very few female candidates would have chance to take LCE.It was also contended that those recruited from defence forces will have better chance of promotion once inducted into the IPS cadre, for many of them join the service at an as early age as 19 through NDA.The PIL also mentioned that this proposal was vehemently opposed by the UPSC, the law ministry and some central departments. The state government has also not given its concurrence to this idea.The scheme of selecting defence personnel through LCE could shatter the foundation of constitution of the IPS and affect the security and safety of the citizens of the state, the PIL stated.After issuing notice to authorities concerned in the Centre, the court kept further hearing on the issue after a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12887993", "title": "Government no to Boobathi\u2019s Varma plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: The confrontation between the state government and Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) boss- additional director general D Boobathi Babu seems to show no signs of easing with the former all set to inform the AP high court on Friday that it has no intention of recalling IPS officer K Srinivasa Reddy as SIT chief and additional director of ACB.\"As per the high court directive, the matter of recalling Srinivasa Reddy was considered and it was decided that there is no need to bring him back to the ACB as he has already been promoted to the rank of IG and posted as chief of coastal security,\" the state government is likely to inform the high court. Srinivasa Reddy was the chief of the special investigation team (SIT) that has been carrying out raids on the liquor syndicate and the probe since then is being monitored by the high court. Amid charges that Srinivasa Reddy was transferred out of ACB due to political pressure, ACB's additional DG Boobathi Babu has been demanding that he be reinstated.Apart from the row over Srinivasa Reddy, the state government and Boobathi Babu have been at loggerheads over the former appointing IPS officer C Ravi Varma as joint director in the ACB. The ACB chief had written a letter to the state requesting that it reconsider Varma's posting on the grounds that his track record was not good. However, in response, the state government officials said that it has persued the personal records of Varma and did not find any adverse remarks. \"It appears that Boobathi Babu has been misled by some quarters,\" is the state's view on the matter. Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy is slated to respond to Boobathi Babu's letter by Friday, sources said.However, according to the sources, the ACB chief may take recourse to the high court's recommendation that the bureau can file an application in case it has any grievance about the appointments into the agency investigating the liquor syndicate.Boobathi Babu is likely to approach the high court on the issue of the appointment of Ravi Varma and insist that he be posted out, said the sources.However, Boobathi Babu could not be contacted. Calls to his cell number remained unanswered. Sources said that the ACB chief is likely to contend that Ravi Varma was perceived as close to some political figures and therefore, his presence in the ACB team would dent the tooth of the special investigations.Sources also averred that he could possibly argue that without a cutting edge team, he cannot follow the HC directive of going to the bottom of the liquor scam. Boobathi Babu and Srinivasa Reddy operated as a perfectly coordinated team. Possibly Boobathi also feels that the coordination may not be there with Ravi Varma, said police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12888092", "title": "Efforts on to stop Erode farmers from renting land to illegal dyeing units", "text": "COIMBATORE: What came as a boon for the heavily polluted Noyyal River in Tirupur district has slowly become a curse for the Cauvery in neighbouring Erode district. When the Madras HC directed all dyeing units in the hosiery hub polluting the river to shutdown, many units shifted base to Erode.The district co-ordination committee acting against illegal dyeing units swung into action and over 123 such units have been razed down in the district so far. Many of these units operated out of farmland, paying heavy rent to agricultural land owners. Consequently, the district administration issued a firm warning to farmers, prohibiting them from renting out their land to illegal units.Erode district administration is also thinking about initiating legal action against agricultural land owners renting out their premises to illegal dyeing units through its revenue wing. \"We have been constantly instructing the landowners not to rent out their land for the running of illegal dyeing units,\" said Dr VK Shanmugham, district collector, Erode.The district co-ordination committee headed by the collector and consisting of representatives from the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board, electricity board revenue, and police departments have been engaged in demolition of illegal dyeing units functioning in the district. Officials claim that most illegal dyeing units operate out of temporary sheds erected on vacant land, without installing the necessary effluent treatment facilities. According to senior officials from TNPCB, most dyeing unit owners offer up to Rs one lakh in rent for a fixed period of time, for about 20-30 cents of vacant land.\"Sometimes we have razed down more than one unit on the same piece of land on different occasions. Land owners rent out the property to dyeing units operators whenever they are approached by them. Some action on landowners must also be taken to ensure that they think twice before renting out their property to illegal units,\" said a senior official from the department.According to officials, some of the worst affected areas are Karingalpalayam and Raasampalayam where most of the illegal dyeing units were located.\"Some farmers are being lured to give their land to the dyeing units by exorbitant rents. Farmers associations in Erode are trying to dissuade them from doing so by making them understand the ecological impact of their actions,\" said T Muthusamy, district secretary and state coordinator, Tamil Nadu Farmers Association .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12890041", "title": "14 years on, Haryana's WTC dream shattered", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Almost a month after the town and country planning department, Haryana, initiated final proceedings to reject the renewal of licence to five builders for constructing the much-hyped (WTC) in Gurgaon, it rejected their application on Thursday.\"Fourteen years after the announcement, the developers (a consortium of five builders) of the project -- proposed on an area of 11.47 acres of land in Sector 33 of Gurgaon, which was done after special concession was granted by the cabinet of then chief minister Bansi Lal -- could spend only an amount of Rs 60 lakh, that too for earth work and associated activities,\" read an order announced by T C Gupta, director general, town and country planning (DGTCP) here.With this, not only the dream of WTC has been given a final burial, even the consortium has lost over Rs 35 crore, deposited by them as licence fee. The consortium can reapply for some other project, but as per the order, they would be allowed to have a licence or change of land use for 3.34 acres only, against the 11.47 acres as given through special permissions.The project was approved in 1997 when a sub-committee, formed by the council of ministers under then chief minister Bansi Lal, had exempted the builders from rules such as built-up area norm.The action is consequent to the final notice served on five builders -- Energetic Builders Pvt Ltd, Glorious Invest Pvt Ltd, Attractive Construction Pvt Ltd, Deep Mala Builders Pvt Ltd and Neel Kamal Build Invest Pvt Ltd.The DTCP had sought their final response by April 2. In their reply to the department, Sanjoy Paul, accompanied by Ashish Chopra and Rupa Pathania, had sought five years' time while attributing late approval of zoning plan by department as the reason.\"The World Trade Centre was perceived as an important and distinct project with accrual of benefits to government of Haryana, which inter alia included attraction of not only government/state agencies, but also international companies, receiving huge amount of foreign exchange, inflow of revenue through taxes, fee charges, etc, generation of enormous opportunity for employment, substantial amount of transfer of state-of-the-art technology in the field of construction, communication system, education and training programme, trade fairs, exhibition and so on,'' the 6-page order issued by DGTCP said.\"However, the benefits did not accrue to the state. You only indulged in paper work. You have not awarded any construction work till date for realizing the dream of having a World Trade Centre at Gurgaon. Therefore, in my opinion, seeing the history of the case, this case does not deserve any leniency,\" Gupta said in his order.Chronology of eventsLicense issued on: November 29, 1997Last renewal applied: October 17, 2011Final notice served: March 5, 2012Final hearing: April 2, 2012Final order: April 26, 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12889170", "title": "Prafulla Kumar Mahanta returns as Asom Gana Parishad chief after 10-year hiatus", "text": "GUWAHATI: Former chief minister and Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) founding president Prafulla Kumar Mahanta returned as the party president after more than a decade, beating his next-generation colleague and general secretary Padma Hazarika by 37 votes. Mahanta polled 211 votes as against Padma's 174. Five members - current president Chandra Mohan Patowary, former president Brindabon Goswami, senior leader Saidul Islam, Chandra Prakash Sharma and Rohen Roy - did not cast their votes.Mahanta was ousted from the post following AGP's poll debacle in 2001. He formed a new faction following his expulsion from the party in 2005, but merged it with the AGP three years later.Riding against the appeals by Ulfa's pro-talks faction to reject Mahanta, the two-time chief minister was voted back to the post of the party president by 395 voters primarily comprising grassroots workers representing districts committees.Mahanta expressed gratitude to party workers, saying: \"It was at the insistence of the grassroots workers that I filed my nomination for the post and I am grateful to them,\" Mahanta said. He added: \"My priority will be to strengthen the party and place it as an alternative to the Congress. I have not been at the helm of affairs for 10 years, but I have been cooperating with the leadership and expect the same from my party men.\"Atul Borah (junior), backed by Hazarika for the post of the working president, defeated Rajya Sabha member Kumar Deepak Das by 68 votes. \"No such election has ever taken place in the party. We amended our constitution to allow grassroots workers to elect the leadership. In the past, we failed to take the party to the people and lost our momentum. We need to change that soon,\" he said. Counting is still on for the 12 posts for general secretary and 34 central executive members.It was during Mahanta's final tenure as the chief minister from 1996 to 2001 when the secret killings of family members of Ulfa leaders, all of whom are now members of the pro-talks group, rocked the state. AGP, the biggest regional party of the northeast, has since suffered successive electoral defeats and is seeking to reform and revive before the 2016 polls.This was the first-ever election by ballot in AGP's history since it its inception in 1985 with all sections of the party - from executive committee members to grass root worker - voting for their preferred leader. The party amended its constitution to provide for election by ballot with the primary objective of wiping out all divisions plaguing the party for years.Former health minister Kamala Kalita, credited with Mahanta's return, described the development as the victory of the grassroots workers of the party. \"This is the reformation we wanted. The party has restored its faith in the leadership of Prafulla Mahanta and his experience,\" Kalita said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12889156", "title": "Buildings on GS Road agree to comply with Guwahati Municipal Corporation parking norms", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a few buildings were sealed off by the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) for flouting parking norms, most of the commercial buildings on GS Road that were served notices have agreed to comply with the norms laid down by the GMC.After the shut down of Poddar Car World, a maruti car showroom at Khanapara on April 18 and one of the biggest shopping malls in the city-Dona Planet were sealed off by GMC officials on Tuesday.As many as 29 commercial buildings and a private hospital on GS Road were found violating the parking norms in a survey started by the GMC in January. GMC commissioner Puru Gupta has warned building owners that they will face similar consequences if they do not rectify the errors immediately. Around six commercial buildings along G S Road are yet to comply with the parking norms, GMC associate planner Deepak Bezbaruah said.The GMC will introduce new building bylaws shortly and will carry out fresh drives in congested areas of the city, where buildings have not been constructed as per the approved plan. \"Legal action will be taken against the owners of buildings that lack adequate fire safety measures, parking norms and occupancy certificate,\" said a source in the GMC. The building owners allow people to park vehicles outside the buildings and use the parking area for other activities, but this is against the building bylaws.Bezbaruah said that though there should have been a parking facility for 68 vehicles in the basement of Dona Planet, the capacity of the parking place was reduced to accommodate less than 30 vehicles. GMC officials inspected Dona Planet on Wednesday after the owner of the building submitted in writing that the parking errors have been rectified. The report is awaited.Meanwhile, Poddar Car World was allowed to open only after the ground floor of the building was made free for parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12892707", "title": "AR Rahman set to thrill his fans", "text": "AR Rahman's last film in Kollywood was Vinnai Thaandi Varuvaya but that was in 2010. After that, the music director did not sign up any Tamil film as his focus was entirely in Hollywood and international films.The Oscar winner has now decided to shift his focus back to Kollywood. As usual, he has a number of prestigious projects in his kitty. Rajinikanth's Kochadaiyaan, Mani Ratnam's Kadal, Vijay's Yohan Adhyayam Ondru, and Kamal's film which needs a title, are some of the films that has been announced officially.Apart from these films, Rahman is in talks with some more filmmakers and will decide on signing the dotted lines. Years 2011 and 2012 will be musical treat for music buff out there.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12887424", "title": "Anna to address rally in city on May 16", "text": "NAGPUR: Defying Nagpur's scorching May heat, anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare is all set to address a public rally at Chitnis Park on May 16. This will be part of Anna's Maharashtra tour to raise awareness about need for Lokayukta office in the state that begins on May 1. It will be his first public rally since the launch of his anti-corruption campaign.After recent controversies involving Team Anna, this tour looks like a big morale booster for local activists. Anoop Dave, an India Against Corruption (IAC) activist, said, \"Anna's visit is the most awaited event for us and the youngsters especially are very excited. I personally don't believe morale is down among IAC members due to recent events. In fact, these issues have made us stronger and more committed to work with Anna.\"Anna will be reaching Nagpur late on May 15 night from Bhandara after addressing a public rally there. Anna, along with his entourage of 10 people, will spend the night at Ravi Bhavan. Ajay Sanghi, city coordinator for IAC, said, \"we are chalking out plans for the entire day and they will be finalized by this weekend. Anna will address a public rally at 6:30pm at Chitnis Park.\" He said, \"this is the first public rally Anna will be addressing since the campaign was launched last year, so people will definitely come out in large numbers. We have started getting calls from people who want to volunteer for work.\"While the IAC members are excited about Anna's visit, local leaders are sceptical. Vilas Muttemwar , Congress MP from the city, said, \"the image that Team Anna had a year earlier has changed for the worse. Kiran Bedi and (Arvind) Kejriwal have been engulfed in many controversies and yet Anna defended them. Anna should be focusing on spiritual uplift of people rather than take up issues that the government is already working hard on. Nagpur welcomes everyone with open arms and I am sure Anna too will get the same reception but his impact on people will be negligible.\"After the Nagpur rally, Anna will go to Wardha for next meeting. Sandeep Varu, who works for Anna's NGO in Wardha, said, \"a Gandhian is coming to visit the land of Gandhi and for us this is very exciting. On Friday, we have called a meeting to discuss Anna's visit and are planning a visit to Sewagram ashram too but it will be subject to Anna's approval.\"Anna will enter Vidarbha tour at Washim on May 10 and will continue without a break. He will proceed to Yavatmal, Chandrapur, Gadchiroli, Gondia, Bhandara, Nagpur, Wardha, Amravati, Akola and finally Buldhana on May 20. The state-wide tour will end on June 4 with a rally at Navi Mumbai. However, Anna will be in New Delhi on June 3 to participate in a one day agitation at Jantar Mantar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-27"}
