{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16925805", "title": "Sub-panel suggested for incineration centre pick", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has recommended constituting a sub-committee for selecting incineration centre where testing of waste sample can be conducted for incinerating the chemical.Addressing a meeting of group of ministers (GoM) on Bhopal gas tragedy in New Delhi on Monday, Bhopal gas relief and rehabilitation minister Babulal Gaur said there are 22 incineration centres in the country where such waste can be incinerated. He informed the meeting that at present the samples of chemical wastes are being tested in SGS Laboratory Gurgaon, an official spokesperson informed here in Bhopal later. He was referring to the toxic dump lying at the abandoned union carbide plant.According to spokesperson, Gaur said the state government would put its point of view before the Supreme Court as the case is pending with it. He also said Pithampur laboratory is not well-equipped with latest techniques required for the disposal of such waste. He also said views of the state government and sentiments of the people of the State should be kept in mind before taking any decision.Union finance minister P Chidambram chaired the GOM. Union health and family welfare minister Gulam Nabi Azad, HRD minister Kapil Sibbal, Union environment minister Jayanti Natrajan, Union housing and poverty alleviation minister Shailja, Union law minister Salman Khurshid and senior officials of the Union Government were among those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921737", "title": "Fishy fix for dengue, but corporation doesn\u2019t take bait", "text": "CHENNAI: There's nothing fishy about this. Dengue and malaria are spreading like wildfire in Chennai, but Chennai Corporation continues to rely on the wholly ineffective method of fogging to tackle the problem.In the process, it has given the go-by to a proven, cost-effective and pollution-free solution to kill mosquitoes that carry the malaria-causing parasite and the dengue virus: the Gambusia affinis or mosquitofish, which grows to no more than 7cm in length and whose diet consists predominantly of large amounts of mosquito larvae.The fisheries department has offered to give the civic body as many fish as it needs to put a stop to mosquitoes from breeding. However, perhaps because the department will provide the fish for free, ruling out purchases and possible kickbacks, corporation officials have been less than enthusiastic about adopting the method.The city corporation has spent more than 10 crore on mosquito fogging operations in the past five years. The fisheries department says it will not charge the civic body for the fish and take only 50 from residents for 1,000 Gambusia fish. \"If people have a mosquito problem and do not have the money to pay for the fish, we will not charge them,\" a fisheries department official said.There are approximately 3,500 species of mosquitoes, several of which spread diseases like malaria, dengue, chikungunya, Japanese encephalitis and filariasis.The department official said around 30 lakh fish would be needed to tackle the mosquito problem across the city and stop the spread of diseases. \"We have adequate stocks of Gambusia,\" Tamil Nadu Fisheries Development Corporation director C Muninathan said. \"The corporation just does not take the fish from us.\"The fisheries department distributed only 10,500 fish in the city in 2011-12.The Gambusia breeds quickly and each fish produces close to 2,000 offspring every three months. Experts say an adult fish eats as much as its own body weight in mosquito larvae every day.Experts say the corporation should distribute the fish to residents, especially in mosquito-infested localities. \"The corporation should use this method. It has proven to be effective in checking the spread of mosquito-borne diseases,\" former director of public health S Elango said.A corporation official said the civic body introduced the fish in drains and canals, but there had been a decline in their population recently. He did not say if the corporation plans to take more Gambusia from the fisheries department.People interested in getting the fish can contact the fisheries department at (044) 28361296.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921056", "title": "Chatterji, Digvijaya\u2019s \u2018good friend\u2019, caught in cross-fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pulok Chatterji, principal secretary to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, on Monday got dragged in the crossfire between India Against Corruption (IAC) activists and Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh.The IAC hit back at Digvijaya Singh for asking how Arvind Kejriwal managed to stay put in Delhi through his entire 20 year- career with the Indian Revenue Service (IRS), and said that the Congress leader needed to share with public the details of the career of Chatterji, his \"good friend\".In a sharp riposte, the IAC claimed that Kejriwal's presence in Delhi through his career was consistent with rules and because of the I-T department's imperative to keep \"honest \"officers in the national Capital, and asked Digvijaya to make public the information on Chatterji. The anti-corruption outfit pointed out that before his appointment as principal secretary to the PM, Chatterji was associated with NGOs associated with Congress president Sonia Gandhi.IAC defended Kejriwal and refuted Digvijaya's claim that the anti-corruption activist had launched an NGO while he was \"actively\" serving as an IRS officer. Rebutting the criticism implied in Digvijaya's questions, IAC claimed that Kejriwal did not violate any norms of All India Service Rules.On the question of Kejriwal's entire 20 years' service in IRS in Delhi, the organization said the facts and reasons of this are \"well known\" to both the PM and the finance minister. \"Posting within Delhi is not unique to Arvind. He has information of at least 376 other such instances where IRS officers have been posted continuously at New Delhi for more than 10 years. Due to the severe shortage of honest and competent officers with technical skills, Arvind's tenure/ postings were repeatedly extended wherever he was posted, approvals followed in due course,\" IAC claimed.On Kejriwal's wife Sunita being posted only in Delhi during her service, IAC reasoned that since she is honest and competent she is deputed in \"sensitive postings like the Serious Frauds Investigation Office\" under the ministry of corporate affairs. It said that SFIO had on its own repeatedly requested her tenure to be extended.Earlier, Kejriwal in a statement said that answers to most of Singh's queries are with various arms of the government like home ministry, finance ministry and all other investigating agencies. \"Because of these people, corruption, unemployment and crime are increasing. These same people who are responsible for all this to divert attention from these issues again and again tell you \u2014 I want to indulge in politics,\" it said.Kejriwal also snubbed Digivijaya Singh, saying he would send his close aide Kumar Vishwas to debate with the Congress general secretary, if Gandhi and the PM don't join him for a public discussion on corruption. After Kejriwal had dared the PM and Gandhi for a debate, the Congress leader had responded saying he should first debate with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "patna/darbhanga", "code": "16922884", "title": "Fasih Mohammad's father fumes, wife leaves for Delhi", "text": "PATNA/DARBHANGA: Terror suspect Fasih Mohammad alias Fasih Ahmed's family belongs to Bihar's Darbhanga district and his father, a medical professional employed with the Bihar government, is livid.\"My son was arrested in Saudi Arabia on May 13. Five months on, it has not been disclosed what crime did he commit,\" Dr Firoz Ahmed, medical officer of the primary health centre at Benipatti in Bihar's Madhubani district, told TOI on Monday.Fasih's mother Amra Zamal is the headmistress of a government primary school while his grandfather Mehmood Babu was also a doctor. They have their native home at Barh Samaila village under the Keoti police station area in Darbhanga district. Fasih's father-in-law Urfan Ahmed is also a Bihar government official, currently posted as district supply officer in West Champaran district.Dr Ahmed alleged his \"innocent\" son was being harassed by the Congress-led UPA government. \"If he is involved in a crime, produce him before the court and let the law take its own course. Keeping him in police custody for so long is violation of his human rights,\" he said.According to Dr Ahmed, Fasih was schooled at Darbhanga. After doing +2 from local Millat College, he did engineering from Anjuman Engineering College at Bhatkal in Karnataka. Five years back he went to Saudi Arabia where his brother Sahi Mahmood works. Fasih was also employed as an engineer in a Saudi firm, Dr Ahmed said. Dr Ahmed said their co-villager Abdul Salam's son Qafil Akhtar was also arrested in a similar fashion from Barh Samaila village by the Karnataka police. \"And now Abdul tells me his son was made to sign 20 blank papers,\" Dr Ahmed said.While Dr Ahmed is planning to move judiciary against the \"illegal confinement\" of his son, Fasih's wife Nikhat Parveen and mother Amra Zamal on Monday left for Delhi to meet him \"if the Delhi police permit them\". TOI's repeated efforts to reach Nikhat over her cellphone went futile as she didn't take the calls.Meanwhile, Bihar police HQ sources said Fasih did not have criminal antecedents in Darbhanga district. \"We are also not in the know of any Bihar module of terror allegedly run by Fasih,\" a senior police officer told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920953", "title": "West Delhi businessman's son kidnapped, cops suspect help", "text": "NEW DELHI: The eight-year-old son of a west Delhi businessman was reported kidnapped on Sunday afternoon. Police said the family had received six ransom calls by Monday noon, and the kidnappers were demanding Rs 50 lakh for the child's safe release.The businessman's domestic help (name withheld), who is also missing, is the prime suspect, police say. A male friend of the help is also suspected. The man is learnt to have a criminal record and met the help at her sister's residence in Noida. The maid has two children but is reportedly separated from her husband.Several teams are working in tandem, raiding places in Uttar Pradesh to rescue the child. Senior officers have refused to comment on the case.Sources said the businessman had employed a maid without police verification a few weeks ago to take care of the child, a student of Class III in a private school. As the child warmed to the maid, the family also came to trust her. Her verification was not done as her mother had earlier worked with the family.A source said the businessman's son threw a tantrum for a carrom board on Sunday morning and the maid took him out with his parents' permission to the market but never returned. By afternoon, the worried parents started a search around the house and in the market with the help of their relatives and neighbours. All attempts to call the maid were in vain. The police were informed and they launched a search on the basis of information provided by the businessman.Later, the businessman received a call from an unidentified man who claimed to be holding the child and demanded Rs 50 lakh for his safe release. He threatened to kill the child if police were informed.A case of kidnapping has been registered at the Janakpuri police station and 12 teams have been formed for the search. Police have asked the parents to buy time and negotiate with the kidnapper so that the location of the phone can be pinpointed. The cell phone's location has been determined as a town in Uttar Pradesh and several police teams have rushed there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16922140", "title": "7-year-old 'Mozart' girl composes her own opera", "text": "LONDON: A seven-year-old girl in UK has become a classical music sensation after composing her own version of a coveted opera. Alma Deutscher is not only an accomplished composer, she is also a skilled violinist and pianist and her first major composition has been highly commended by the English National Opera.Deutscher started composing by the time she was five and wrote a sonata at the age six followed by her opera, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Videos of her work have been viewed more than 300,000 times since her father shared them on YouTube - and her abilities have led to comparisons with Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , who by five had mastered the keyboard and violin and started composing. Alma wrote her own opera, The Sweeper of Dreams, this year.\"The music comes to me when I'm relaxing. I go and sit down on a seat or lie down. I like thinking about fairies a lot, and princesses, and beautiful dresses,\" Alma said.She added that her best compositions are created when she is on the swing in the garden at her home.The idea for The Sweeper of Dreams came in a dream. \"Mozart composed this piece in my dream and when I got up, I sat down and played it and my father recorded it,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921234", "title": "Pre-2008 institutes sans grounds to get extra floor space index", "text": "PUNE: All educational institutes in the city that do not have reserved space for playgrounds but their building plans were sanctioned before 2008 will also be allowed extra floor space index (FSI). This was proposed by elected representatives in a supplementary to the development plan (DP) of the old city area.In the DP, the benefit of extra FSI was to be allowed only to those educational institutes that had reserved 40% space for playgrounds, said elected representatives.The DP along with the supplementary was approved by the City Improvement Committee (CIC) on Thursday. It will now be tabled at a special general body meeting on October 25 for approval and will then be sent to the state government for the final approval.Elected members said in the proposal that educational institutes are expected to reserve 40% space for grounds to get benefits of extra FSI. But many institutes are unable to fulfill the requirement due to lack of space and are thus not able to get any benefit in FSI. The changes in the DP will help overcome this problem.\"The rules should be amended such that educational institutes whose building layouts were approved before 2008 are exempted from the rule of reserving 40% space for playgrounds and are given benefits of extra FSI. There should also be no compulsion on educational institutes to have grounds if they have been offering distance learning courses,\" the proposal said.The CIC of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Thursday approved the new DP spanning 2007-2027 for the old city area with special provisions for the metro rail project, a transport hub, schemes for housing for the poor and cluster development of old dilapidated wadas.The earlier DP for the old city area was drafted in 1982, passed in 1987 and was to expire in 1997. However, a 10-year extension was granted since the execution of works was only 20% complete. In 2007, the civic body sought yet another extension from the state government, which gave a new deadline of December 2010. But it was only in December 2011 that the civic administration completed and submitted the draft copy of the new DP to the CIC.This is the first DP in 25 years after 1987. A DP lays out policies and proposals for the development and use of land in the city. It is meant to guide decisions on whether development permission should be granted under the development control rules. The decisions must be consistent and match the DP adopted by the authority, after public consultation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926299", "title": "We are true to ourselves: One Nite Stand", "text": "With an international record label, their first EP might be in the offing, but Bangalore based band One Nite Stand are gearing up for the latest music fest in the city.And in keeping up with the theme of the event, the song is aptly titled, Another Drink . \"It's a song that everyone can sing along to. It's fun and vibrant,\" says vocalist Behram Siganporia, sharing the story behind their new song. The lyrics reveal that sometimes people just want to have a good time with a few rounds of beverages, rather than exercise their flirting skills at a bar, adds Behram. \"Our music is vibrant, feel- good, rock music. Honestly, there is not a single song that is dark. One of the reasons is because we are a positive bunch,\" adds Behram.This four piece band, with Hemanth Diwakaran/ David Red on lead guitar, EK Abhilash on drums, Neville Bhraucha on piano and Behram Siganporia on vocals have headlined many college festivals in the city. \"Our shows are more audience oriented: the connection is palpable,\" says Behram. Ask him if it is important for band members to perform histrionics on stage to win crowd support, and Behram says, \"It is, to an extent. Artists like Santana and Slash have a persona. As a vocalist, I interact with the crowd, and they sing encore during our gigs.\"This fanfare, Behram believes, is their ability to remain diverse and defy a stereotypical image of a rock band. \"When we get on stage people mistake us for a boy band because of our clean shaven look, but we are true to ourselves,\" says Behram, and adds that the music industry comes with its own stereotypes. \" If you see a lot of metal fans, they come dressed in black with a band's logo\u2014that's a metal fan stereotype,\" he says, adding, \"When people take to one genre of music, they become closed to other genres. \" And since the band's members have gone through a metal, claasic, hard rock phase, Behram believes that they are finally doing what they love. \"We have played mixed covers of David Guetta , Santana, Guns and Roses. We are contemporary and we want to do something we enjoy, \" says Behram.And while the Indian music artists are enjoying their time on stage, several bands in the country are also striking deals with international record labels: Has music become a sustainable career option now? \"I think so. I am taking a sabbatical from my job to work on my music. If you have the talent and nurture it, it will take you far,\" says Behram, and sings off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16923939", "title": "Mercedes' mechatronics training centre in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: German luxury car maker Mercedes Benz joined hands with the Kerala government to set up an advanced Mechatronics Training Centre in the state capital, on Monday. The centre will train youngsters in mechatronics engineering for designing automobiles that can respond in real-time without relying much on human operations.\"Kerala government has already signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Mercedes Benz after discussions at the recently held Emerging Kerala Business Summit,\" education minister P K Abdu Rabb told TOI on Monday.Discussions are on between the company, directorate of technical education, Government Engineering College and the industries department to dovetail the project. \"It is expected to offer enhanced job opportunities for students from various engineering streams,\" he added.Mercedez Benz India director (after sales) D Chandravarkar said that the centre would be set up at the Government Engineering College at Barton Hills, Thiruvananthapuram. \"Preparations are on to set up the institute and to depute faculty from government engineering colleges in Kerala and Maharashtra. The project is expected to take off by June 2013. The best know how for the project will be from Germany and thelab will be set up with the latest equipment to train students from automotive, mechanical, electrical and electronics stream starting with a one-year advanced diploma course,\" Chandravarkar said.Industries additional chief secretary V Somasundaran said, \"It is a promising programme that proposes to offer an innovative course combining mechanical, electronic, electrical and computerized control of vehicles. It will have adequate industry-institution interaction.\" For course exchanges, collaboration with foreign universities in the UK, US and Canada can be expected.The institute is proposed to be set up at an initial cost of Rs 25 crore. It will offer advanced diploma courses in mechatronics and robotics, and later post graduate courses with cutting-edge research through knowledge exchange and industrial collaboration.It is expected to have high-tech manufacturing and process control equipment, and the presence of Technopark and Isro units like VSSC and Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre (LPSC) in the city will help facilitate industry-interaction exchange activities, said an official.German luxury car maker Mercedes Benz joins hands with Kerala government to set up an Advanced Mechatronics Training Centre in Kerala capital to train youngsters in mechatronics engineering for designing automobiles which can respond to environments in real-time without relying much on human operations.\"Kerala government has already signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Mercedes Benz after discussions at the recently held Emerging Kerala Business Summit to set up the Advanced Mechatronics Training Centre in Thiruvananthapuram,\" Education Minister P K Abdu Rabb told TOI on Monday. Now, discussions are on between the company, Directorate of Technical Education, Government Engineering College and Industries department to dovetail the project, he said. \"It is expected to offer enhanced job opportunities for students from various engineering streams,\" he said.Mercedez Benz India Director (after sales) D Chandravarkar said, Advanced Mechatronics Training Centre will be set up at Government Engineering College at Barton Hills, Thiruvananthapuram. \"Preparations are on to set up the institute and to depute faculty staff from government engineering colleges in Kerala and from Maharashtra. The project is expected to take off by June 2013. The best know how for the project will be from Germany and the lab will be set up with the latest equipment to train students from automotive, mechanical, electrical and electronics stream starting with a one-year advanced diploma in mechatronics,\" Chandravarkar said.Industries additional chief secretary V Somasundaran said, \"It is a promising programme that proposes to offer an innovative course called automotive mechatronics combining mechanical, electronic, electrical and computerized control of vehicles. It will have adequate industry-institution interaction\". For course exchanges, collaboration with foreign universities in the UK, US and Canada can be expected and discussions are on with the Higher Education department, he said.The institute proposed to be set up with an initial project cost of Rs. 25 crore will begin offering advanced diploma courses in mechatronics and robotics. Then it will offer post graduate courses such as M.Tech in Mechatronics and in Robotics with cutting-edge research through knowledge exchange and industrial collaboration, Industries Department officials said. The Institute is expected to have high-tech manufacturing and process control equipment for world-class training. Presence of Technopark and ISRO units such as VSSC and Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre (LPSC) in the city will help facilitate industry-interaction exchange activities, the officials said.Ends...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16921316", "title": "Rajasthan mulls gurdwara board, convenes meeting", "text": "AMRITSAR: Rajasthan government has convened a meeting inviting representatives of Sikhs from across the state to contemplate over issues related to Sikh community, prominent among them being formation of Rajasthan Gurdwara Development Board.Some Sikh organizations of the state have demanded formulation of Rajasthan Gurdwara Act for the management of historical gurdwaras under the proposed Rajasthan Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee, having legal sanctity.Chairman of Rajasthan State Minority Commission, Mahir Azad, told TOI on Monday that a meeting has been convened in November to discuss issues related to Sikhs of the state.\"We are calling a meeting and the issue of board is in its agenda,\" he said. Member of the commission, Maninder Singh Bagga, said there were several gurdwaras in the state which didn't have enough income to even pay salary of staff like granthis, etc.\"We will seek opinion from Sikh representatives over formation of a Gurdwara Development Board so as to get financial aid from government for development of gurdwaras,\" he said, adding that they would deliberate on the proposed draft of the board, which would be submitted to the Rajasthan government later.\"The board will have no role in the management of gurdwaras,\" he said. The commission also plans to conduct a survey to ascertain the aspirations of Sikhs of Rajasthan, he said.President of Rajasthan Sikh Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (Ad-hoc), Hardip Singh Dibdiba said that they had urged the state government for formulation of an Act under which Rajasthan Sikh Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee would manage the historical gurdwaras.\"We are not in favour of formation of a board but want the government to pass an Act,\" said Dibdiba.Though the Board would have legal status, but 'Sikh mentality is inclined towards committee and not board. Many boards have been formed and dismantled in the past and we will oppose any such move by Rajasthan government,\" he said.However, there are also Sikhs in the state, who oppose passing an Act or formation of board for the management of gurdwaras. President of Gurdwara Singh Sabha, Sri Ganganagar, Jatinderpal Singh Kochhar said, \"There is no need for a separate body for the management of gurdwaras, I think Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee can do a better job\".He said presidents of Gurdwara Singh Sabhas of Rajasthan were neither taken into confidence nor they knew about any such move. \"It is more of a political move than the cause of development of gurdwaras,\" he said.Convener, Sikh Advisory Committee, Tejinderpal Singh, said that highest concentration of Sikhs in Rajasthan was in Sriganganagar and that they opposed formation of any committee or board.\"Either there should be All India Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee or SGPC should take control of management of gurdwaras in Rajasthan,\" he said. There were about 25 to 30 historical gurdwaras in Rajasthan at Budha Jor, Suhava, Pushkar, Ganga Nagar, Jaipur, etc., he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16922758", "title": "Help steal Rs 54L and pet, leave woman for dead", "text": "MUMBAI: Three domestic help, who had been employed for less than a month, looted cash and valuables collectively worth Rs 54 lakh from a Malad (E) flat after assaulting a 24-year-old housewife on Sunday. The accused even made off with the family's pet, a four-month-old dog.The police said the family members did not cross-check the antecedents of their house help and did not maintain any records. They were not even aware of the trio's surnames.On Sunday, only Vandana Kapoor and her two-year-old daughter were present in the flat at Shuchi Heights, Dindoshi. The other members of the family, including Vandana's husband Gaurav, were away. They share the house with Gaurav's brother Vishal, his wife Radhika, their two kids, Gaurav and Vishal's grandmother and an uncle. The Kapoors have combined two flats on the 16th floor of the building. Both Vishal and Gaurav are businessmen.The three accused, Praveen, Santosh and Raju, are aged between 22 and 30 years. Around 3.30pm, while Vandana and her child were sleeping, they opened the grandmother's cupboard with screwdrivers. \"Vandana woke up and went to the kitchen for a glass of water. Afraid that he would get caught, Praveen walked up behind her and strangled her with his hands. Vandana fell on the floor and lost consciousness. The three men then pushed her into a storeroom, assuming that she had died. Sparing her two-year-old daughter, they went back to ransacking the house. They opened two cupboards and made off with Rs 1.5 lakh in cash, gold coins, a diamond watch besides gold and diamond jewellery,\" said senior inspector Subhash Dafle. They also snatched a gold chain, bangles and earrings that Vandana was wearing.Before leaving, the accused decided to take the pet dog, a Shih Tzu called Myra. They left the building one at a time. \"The watchman said he did not see them carrying any bags, which meant they could have stuffed the valuables into their pockets. One of the accused was carrying the pet. When the watchman asked him where he was taking the dog, he said Myra needed to be taken for a walk. The other accused left on the pretext of buying provisions. We are banking on footage from the CCTV cameras,\" an official said.Around 4.15pm, when Gaurav's uncle returned home, he found the main entrance ajar while the safety door was shut. He also found Vandana's daughter crying. Vandana was rushed to Lifeline Hospital in Malad (E). Her condition is now stable.\"On Sunday, we went for a cousin's exhibition and granny decided to join us at the last minute,\" said Radhika. The family's maid, Krishnaa, was also away when the incident occurred. Praveen was hired a month ago after their cook, Lallan, left for his hometown, Surat. Twenty days into the job, Praveen, introduced Santosh to the family. On Saturday, the duo brought Raju.The Kurar police registered a case of robbery and were looking for the trio. They were also probing Lallan's role as he could not be traced to his hometown. Lallan worked for the Kapoors for a month and recommended Praveen as his replacement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922425", "title": "Jan Marg to figure in dossier to UNESCO", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The unique concept of inward looking self-sustained sectors and the picturesque Jan Marg will be showcased by the UT administration in its dossier to UNESCO for seeking world heritage status.The concept of Le Corbusier to develop each sector as a wholesome unit with market, school and playground and restriction of door and showroom opening on the dividing roads of sectors has been well preserved.The Jan Marg runs from Matka Chowk to the secretariat as one of the key north-south arteries of the city. It has a view of the Shivalik Hills on the north and blooming bougainvillea adorns its median.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921407", "title": "Parmar likely to be freed in 2 days", "text": "MUMBAI: Ending a wait of eight years, Vile Parle resident Bhavesh Parmar will be freed from prison in Pakistan within two days. He is expected to cross into India through the Wagah border near Amritsar on Thursday, where he will likely be received by his mother and Vile Parle MLA Krishna Hegde.The software engineer who mysteriously ended up in Pakistan after his father's death in 2004 was in Lahore Central Jail for many years. His prison term ended in July 2012. He is believed to be suffering from a mental illness.\"I have received word from Acquino Vimal, first secretary in the Indian high commission in Pakistan, that Bhavesh will be set free and arrive at Wagah on October 25. Advocate Awais Sheikh is likely to receive the release order shortly,\" said Hegde who took up Bhavesh's matter last February.On Monday, Acquino Vimal informed Hegde that he had been officially intimated by the Pakistan foreign office that Bhavesh will be released at the border on October 25. \"We have made arrangements at our end to ensure that he gets necessary travel documents to cross over on that day. The ministry of home affairs has also been intimated to make appropriate arrangements to receive him at the border,\" he wrote.Hegde had sought the help of MP Priya Dutt and external affairs minister SM Krishna to secure his freedom. \"I plan to take Bhavesh's mother Hansaben to Wagah to receive him Thursday,\" he said.Despite the good news, thoughts of arranging a welcome for her son are far from Hansaben's mind. \"I am filled with worry about how to handle these last two days. Moreover, Bhavesh would not have received any medical treatment for his mental ailment in Pakistan and I wonder if he will recognise me at all. He may also think we did not do enough to secure his release for so long,\" she says.Bhavesh's married sister is unable to help owing to her children's exams and his only uncle cannot see or hear too well. Hansaben feels out of depth at having to handle his arrival alone.However, MLA Hegde has assured her that he will help the family through Bhavesh's rehabilitation as well. \"I will look into his psychiatric treatment and later the possibility of finding him a job,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16923039", "title": "Night shelters provide little cover for homeless", "text": "Ethiraj , a 77-year-old homeless man, sleeps by the doorstep of the Corporation shelter in Chintadripet oblivious to the light rain that falls. The shelter, created for people like him, is locked even during the monsoon. The city has 15 night shelters, but a Supreme court committee said in June that only six are functioning. \"This shelter only opens at night. So I have to sleep outside when it rains. Earlier, they provided food but now they do not give anything,\" he said.When it is open, the shelter lacks basic facilities. It caters to about 100 homeless people , but has only three damaged mats and pillows, and the roof leaks. \"There is no proper drinking water facility,\" said Muthu Krishnan, who uses the shelter.Officials said the corporation runs 15 night shelters in Kodungaiyur, New Washermenpet , Tondiarpet, Kannappar Thidal, Rajaji Salai, Chintadripet, Sembium, Choolai, Teynampet, Mandaveli, Santhome, Chinmaya Nagar and Saidapet. Vanessa Peter, programme director of Action Aid, an organisation working against poverty, said most night shelters do not have any facilities. \"We inspected the 15 night shelters. Only six are functional and the rest do not have proper amenities. There is no full-time official to monitor the homeless intervention programmes of the corporation ,\" she said.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said the civic body will take steps to improve the facilities. \"We are planning to provide food at a subsidised rate in the night shelters. We are also tying up with three NGOs to improve the facilities,\" he said.A Supreme Court order says all shelters should function 24 hours a day. \"But most shelters in Chennai are open only at night. Of the six functioning shelters, only the facility for families in Kannapar Thidal and the one in Santhome work round the clock,\" said Peter.The civic body has decided to open eight more night shelters in the expanded areas of the corporation. The corporation recently passed a resolution in the council meet to involve NGOs in the running of some shelters . Corporation officials said that only 550 of the city's 11,116 homeless use the shelters.According to a study by Indian Community Welfare Organisation, a non-profit group, Tamil Nadu has the highest number of urban homeless in the country, and Chennai accounts for 75%.A national report on homelessness prepared by a Supreme Court appointed committee revealed that at least three million homeless people across the country sleep outdoors because of the lack of proper shelter . The report said: \"Many shelters are under utilised and most are locked. The homeless are not aware about the existence of the shelters. Some of the shelters are located in places that are difficult to find. The shelters are only for men and no separate space is provided for women. The basic amenities in the shelters are very poor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16922690", "title": "Mananchira from Nov 1", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city corporation has decided to ban hoardings and banners at Mananchira and surrounding areas from November 1 onwards. The decision was taken at an all-party meeting convened by the mayor recently.The civic body has asked organizations and political parties to remove the banners and hoardings at Mananchira and surrounding places at the earliest. The corporation has urged the advertising agencies to remove their advertisements from the area. If the hoardings and banners are not removed by November 1, civic body would take it away.Public works standing committee chairman M Mohanan said that the civic body had decided to strictly impose the ban. \"The mayor will soon publish a notice urging the concerned persons to remove the banners and advertisements before the end of October,\" he said. \"We are also planning to impose hefty fine on those who violate the ban,\" he said.Meanwhile, deputy leader of opposition K Mohammed Ali, said that though the civic body had imposed the ban, it did not worked out so far. \"90% of the advertisements in the area were put up by political parties and organizations. We have already pledged our support to the civic body and hope that the civic body will implement the ban strictly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920871", "title": "Price soars as barons vie for prime bungalow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress MP K D Singh is out of the race to buy the much-sought-after bungalow on Amrita Shergill Marg in Delhi Lutyens' Zone. His bid fell flat in front of that of competitor Rajan Mittal, one of the promoters of Bharti Group. Mittal's efforts to buy the bungalow also seem to have run into rough weather as one of the current owners of the property has come up with an even higher bid.The bungalow is on a plot that measures 3,500 sq yards (0.723 acres) and has a constructed area of only 4,737 sq ft. According to a senior consultant of Cushman and Wakefield, no additional area can be constructed on the property. The bid of Rs 165 crore by a bidder from the Gupta family, means the price of the constructed area will be a whopping Rs 3.48 lakh per sq. feet. It goes to show the demand for property in Lutyens' zone.The current owners, four brothers of the Gupta family, could not arrive at an amicable solution to partition the property and moved the Delhi high court in 1980. The court ordered that the property be auctioned and the proceeds divided among the claimants.The reserve price for the auction was fixed at Rs 140 crore, at about Rs 4 lakh per square yard. The first bid of Rs 141 crore was submitted by K D Singh, who owns fast food chain Republic of Chicken. The bid was on the lower end because of the small permitted construction area on the plot, the source said. In fact, Singh wanted to buy the property as an investment.Rajan Mittal, who wants to buy the property for residential purpose, made a much higher bid of Rs 156 crore. He has already deposited 25% of the amount and is expected to pay the rest pending court orders. The next hearing is scheduled on November 1. Singh, it is learnt, decided not to increase his bid amount.Meanwhile, one of the existing four owners decided to participate in the auction and countered Mittal's bid with an offer of Rs 165 crore. However, the source refused to clarify whether Mittal will have to increase the bid to buy the property. If Mittal is able to buy the property, his neighbours will include his brother Sunil Mittal, Naresh Gujral, son of former Prime Minister IK Gujral, Hari Bhartiya of the Jubilant Group and Kabul Chawla, promoter of the real estate firm BPTP. Sunil Mittal bought a 2-acre bungalow on the same street in 2002 for Rs 38 crore and rebuilt it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mandi", "code": "16921277", "title": "Sonia Gandhi rally sees thin crowd, Virbhadra fumes", "text": "MANDI: Even as Congress ramped up its poll campaign by bringing party president Sonia Gandhi to address public rally in Mandi, poor attendance at the gathering added a fresh row into the ongoing cold war between former chief minister Virbhadra Singh and his bete noire in the party, Kaul Singh Thakur.The rally, organised at a sports ground, could manage only about 6,000 people, angering Singh as he publicly went about asking people why the local party leaders could not ensure a better crowd.His close aides were seen engaging in heated arguments with those from the Thakur camp. However, Thakur, whose constituency Darang is part of Mandi district, rubbished Singh's ire. \"Virbhadra wanted the entire show to flop. Soniaji went back to Delhi pleased and content,\" Thakur told TOI over hone.The gathering consisted of a sizeable number of housewives, shopkeepers and some scattered groups of students from the next-door IIT hostel.No sooner Sonia and others left, the Ravan effigies being prepared for Dusshehra festival at a neighbouring police ground returned with much fanfare.According to poll data available with Mandi election officials, the district's total electorate is 6,89,195. Thakur's constituency Darang has 71,688 registered voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16921373", "title": "Spurious food fears mount this festive season", "text": "NOIDA: In the absence of a proper mechanism to prohibit sale of adulterated food materials in various markets of UP-NCR, and also to convict those engaged in such malpractices, massive amounts of spurious food products have yet again made it to Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad this festive season.The health department of Gautam Budh Nagar claims to have destroyed around 150kg of adulterated sweets and milk products in a drive conducted over the last two days in Greater Noida alone. Eight of these samples have been sent for tests to Lucknow. The Ghaziabad health department also claims to have sent 23 samples for tests which were collected during raids conducted last month. Similar raids are also on in Noida.However, due to loopholes in the law, traders found to be involved in the sale of 'substandard' products during raids conducted earlier continue with their businesses after being let off with fines. According to health department officials, no criminal case can be registered against those found to be selling 'substandard' food items. Traders, whose products are found to be 'unsafe', face cancellation of licences and can be imprisoned for life.\"Four cases registered last year for the sale of unsafe food products are yet to be decided,\" said a district health department official of Gautam Budh Nagar. \"Penalties worth over Rs 4 lakh have been imposed in five cases registered in 2011 for sale of substandard products. But in these cases, the law does not permit us to cancel licences,\" he added.In Ghaziabad, too, traders who were found selling substandard products in raids conducted last year have been let off with fines. \"In three cases of substandard food samples, fines of varying amounts have been imposed. Around 23 samples collected this year have been sent for tests and cases will be registered after we get the results,\" said a Ghaziabad health department official.Doctors inform that for consumers a safer bet is to go for those products which are certified to be tested for quality even though relying on homemade sweets is the safest option. \"Adulterated sweets sold in the open can cause numerable health problems including oral burning and rashes, diarrhoea and dysentery. There can be long-term health impacts as well,\" said chief medical superintendent of Gautam Budh Nagar, Dr Ashok Mishra.Health officials claim to have destroyed around 150kg of adulterated sweets in a drive conducted in Greater Noida alone", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920601", "title": "Home secretary applauds Saudi, raises eyebrows", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home secretary R K Singh going public on Saudi Arabia's \"full cooperation\" in the deportation of Indian Mujahideen operative Fasih Mahmood on Monday raised eyebrows in a section of the security establishment and the ministry of external affairs, given how wary the Gulf nation has been of media hype over such deportations.MEA officials felt Singh's comment highlighting Saudi Arabia's role in Fasih's detention and deportation may have only amplified media interest in the operational details, which could have been avoided.Unfortunately, it was this very media spotlight on the earlier deportation 26/11 handler Abu Jundal that had put off Saudi Arabia, especially the \"leaks\" to media claiming how the Saudis' decision to hand over the terror suspects marked New Delhi's diplomatic victory over Pakistan. The result was delayed action by Riyadh on the subsequent request for Fasih's deportation.Singh, while speaking to reporters on Monday, described Fasih as a \"very important catch\" and insisted that Saudi Arabia had at no point denied India's request for custody of the IM operative. \"He was deported after he served a sentence for a minor crime there. Saudi Arabia has fully cooperated with us,\" he said. This was not all. Singh revealed how Indian officers were in touch with Saudi Arabia and submitted \"material evidence\" against Fasih to back their deportation request,Incidentally, MEA has many times in the past cautioned the home ministry and state police against giving out operational details of diplomatic engagements regarding matters of security, particularly deportations. Sources in the security establishment also said media hype over Riyadh's role in Fasih's deportation could put requests for deportation of other fugitives in peril.At a recent conference of state chief secretaries and DGPs here last month, national security adviser Shivshankar Menon had advised intelligence and law enforcement agencies against making operational details of international anti-terror cooperation public. His concern stemmed out of media reports on how Pakistan too had tried for Jundal's custody, but Saudi Arabia chose to go with the Indian request despite its close ties with Islamabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922929", "title": "Nagarjunakonda Museum wallowing in darkness", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Archaeological Survey of India's Nagarjunakonda Museum on a picturesque island of the same name in the Nagarjunasagar reservoir has been reeling in darkness for the past one month.The high tension cables supplying power to the museum snapped about a month ago and it is estimated that power restoration here could take several weeks. But what's worse, the ASI was so far unaware that the important museum known for its limestone sculptures depicting life scenes of Buddha had no power supply and that even its CCTV cameras were not functioning for this reason. The museum in-charge has been on leave for the past month.The museum has on display priceless archaeological finds since 1926. When the excavation activity gained momentum in 1954, a team of experts salvaged limestone sculptures depicting life scenes of Buddha dating back to the 2, 3and 4centuries and other items from the early Stone Age to the megalithic age.The museum is popular among tourists especially from far east and locals alike and is visited by hundreds every week, with numbers swelling to at least 400 on Sundays. Many enjoy the ferry ride to the museum and the museum visit is a must-do for those visiting Nagarjunasagar for a quick getaway from the city or tourists on a Buddhist quest or pilgrimage.Over the last one month, however, visitors have had to make do with a poorly-lit museum and museum officials say they are helpless. \"There are no cellphone signals here. Further, as there are no lights the security guards have to use flashlights at night when they are on rounds,\" said an official who did not wish to be identified.Times ViewThe ASI's indifference to power outage at a museum such as this is shocking. But apart from restoring power, it should explore long-term solutions like using solar energy to tackle power problems at such isolated tourism sites. Making the Nagarjunakonda island 'energy independent' could prove cost effective and hassle-free in terms of maintenance and power generation in addition to being clean, green and hazard-free . Pulling a 1.5 km cable from mainland to the island will only lead to further snapping and climbing project estimates. An environment friendly approach such as this augurs well for archaeology departments and could give tourism a further boost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16922464", "title": "Domestic workers want benefit of minimum wages", "text": "PANAJI: Domestic workers should be included in the definition of workers in minimum wages act with benefits, including a rest day in a week and insurance, NGOs have urged the government.A memorandum submitted to labour minister Avertano Furtado by Bailancho Saad and Domestic Workers Trust has stated that the workers face a series of problems, unequal distribution of wages, long working hours, no social schemes like medical facility, insurance or retirement benefits.\"Children are exploited as domestic workers, while their trafficking for domestic work and then for prostitution is also prevalent,\" an NGO activist said.The petition has urged the government to register the domestic workers in the labour department to ensure there are no child domestic workers, stop trafficking and ensure welfare schemes reach genuine domestic workers.A delegation, which met the minister, comprised Sabina Martins, Escaline Miranda, Priyanka Velip, Afrose Shaikh, Maggie Fernandes, Heera Yellanwar and Pushpa Pilarnkar.Labour commisioner Fatima Rodrigues informed that after a survey of domestic workers, the matter will be put up before the minimum wages advisory board if there are 1,000 domestic workers.In several states domestic workers are covered under Minimum Wages Act, members of the delegation informed Furtado.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922306", "title": "Movie back in Telangana theatres", "text": "HYDERABAD: 'Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu' was back in theatres in Telangana on Monday although the separate statehood activists are still fuming over the controversial film. \"They have not deleted the objectionable scenes although they had agreed to. They have also not honoured the commitment given to the Chandravadan committee to remove the objectionable portions in the film,\" well-known director N Shankar told TOI. He said that since the filmmaker had not done what he had promised to, Telangana activists have called for a boycott of the movie. They, however, decided that they will not resort to any violence to stop the screening of the movie.Earlier in the day, the film's producer DVV Danayya and its distributor for Nizam territory, Dil Raju, told the media that all objectionable scenes had been deleted from the film. Meanwhile, some Telengana leaders, including Allam Narayana and Mallepally Laxmaiah on Monday demanded that the film's hero Pawan Kalyan address the matter of threat calls to director N Shankar by his alleged fans. \"Why is Pawan keeping silent?\" director Shankar asked.Shankar said that police had informed him of progress in the case. Asked if he had sought police security, Shankar said that should have been thought of by the police as he had provided the police with the call recordings and threat SMSs which he has received.AP Film Chamber of Commerce president Tammareddy Bharadwaja also condemned the threats that were issued to Shankar and also the attack on Puri Jagannadh's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922364", "title": "Dengue cases double this year", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following the death of director-producer Yash Chopra , the scare of dengue has gripped city residents, with the dengue toll rising two fold in the city compared to last year.The number of confirmed cases has crossed 100 after two years in the city. The National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP) wing of UT has confirmed 180 positive cases of dengue until Monday in the city.The doctors feel that timely prevention and not allowing water to collect for mosquitoes to breed can make a huge difference. Also, there is no need for a dengue patient to be quarantined, as dengue is not transmitted from an infected person.The health department, on Monday, issued 51 notices to colonies where stagnant water was seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921959", "title": "Ink for the soul", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Art often reflects the world in which an artist lives. A window to the soul, if you will, a canvas that brings to life what words can't convey. And nothing speaks more of the soul than the collection of Islamic calligraphy and sacred art at Ravishankar Raval art gallery. A part of Ahmedabad International Arts Festival, the exhibition is on till October 27.'Ruhbaru', literally meaning 'soul facing soul' or 'face to face', is an exhibition curated by Syed Salman Chishty of Chishty Foundation and aims to revive the dying art of calligraphy while introducing the city to Sufi art.The collection of Arabic, Persian and Ottoman calligraphy by Chishty and Yusuf Gori-programme director at the Chishty Foundation, displays verses from the Quran in various styles like Kufi, Naksh and Rihani script on paper, leather and fabric.Also on display are Chishty's paintings and photographs inspired by his trips across India, Morocco, Kazakhstan, Tunisia and many more. The practice of 'zikar' by Sufi followers, evening prayers at a mosque and the dargah of Maulana Rumi feature in his work, which bring to life the intense power of devotion creating an extremely soothing effect.Meanwhile, Sacred Geometry, an exhibition of limited edition serigraphs by S H Raza opens on Tuesday at Amdavad ni Gufa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921987", "title": "Departmental inquiry sought against two judicial officers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief metropolitan magistrate D B Barot was approached on Monday by a lawyer demanding departmental inquiry against two of his colleagues for alleged procedural lapse.Advocate, Vasim Abbasi, has sought inquiry against metropolitan magistrates of court no 5 - and presiding officer of metropolitan court no 19 - T R Desai accusing them of not following procedures during production of accused persons that were arrested in connection with the Karanj riot earlier this month.Advocate Abbasi has complained that upon complaint of custodial torture by one Mohammed Faruq on October 4, magistrate Goswami took notice of it but did not refer his case to hospital. Instead he was ordered for Faruq to be sent to judicial custody. A couple of hours later, the accused was produced before the court again in absence of his lawyer and an application was tendered. The court did not make necessary inquiry into this retraction, though apparently this was a case of illegal detention.The lawyer also claimed that when produced on October 3, metropolitan magistrate Desai did not question cops about late production of the accused. He claimed that initial police custody of the accused exceeded maximum 24 hours, and the judicial officer was informed about it, yet he chose to disregard the submission and did not inquire about the delay in production. The lawyer has alleged that the magistrate did not act in accordance with law in granting one-day remand of 80-odd accused persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16921213", "title": "Court drops proceedings against 21 Dal Khalsa activists", "text": "AMRITSAR: A local court on Monday dropped criminal proceedings against 21 members of radical outfit Dal Khalsa, facing prosecution for raising pro-Khalistan slogans in June 2005 on eve of Operation Bluestar anniversary.Chief Judicial Magistrate Ranjeet Kaur dropped the proceedings against the Dal Khalsa members in wake of the Punjab and Haryana high court recently quashing the sedition charges against them.Dal Khalsa president H S Dhami and spokesperson Kanwar Pal Singh were among 21 booked by Amritsar police on June 8, 2005 for allegedly giving \"provocative\" speeches and inciting people.They were booked under sections 124-A (sedition), 153-A, 153-B (imputations, assertions prejudicial to national-integration), 188 of the IPC.The high court earlier had quashed the charges against them on a plea filed by them in February 2010.They had contended in their plea that the allegation made in the FIR were factually incorrect as they had never raised the slogans and produced a recording of TV channel of the procession showing that no such slogans were raised.Among those against whom charges have been quashed included HS Dhami, Satnam Singh Paonta Sahib, Kanwarpal Singh, Sarabjit Singh Ghuman, Balraj Singh, Kuldeep Singh, Arpal Singh, Baldev Singh, Gurdeep Singh, Giani Amrik Singh, Sukhdev Singh, Sarwan Singh and Avtar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922411", "title": "Financial problems force 5 of a family commit suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a suicide pact, five members of a family ended their lives due to financial problems at their house in Santoshnagar on Sunday night. The victims were identified as Sukhvir Goud, 50, a financier, his wife Manjula, 42, their children Sujana, 22, Kritika, 18, and Durga Mallesh, 11, from Santoshnagar Colony.The incident came to light on Monday night when Manjula's sister and her husband arrived at Sukhvir's house as the family members were not responding to phone calls since morning. \"The visitors found the main door locked from inside. Suspecting something foul, they approached a nearby police picket for help. Our team broke the door open and all the family members were found dead in the house,\" Santoshnagar inspector KVM Prasad said.Sukhvir, his wife and their eldest daughter were found hanging from ceiling fans, while their youngest daughter and son were found dead in different rooms. Police suspect that the couple gave soft drink-laced with poison to Kritika and Mallesh before committing suicide along with their elder daughter, Sujana.Police found a suicide note, purportedly written by Sukhvir, at the house. \"In the suicide note, Sukhvir stated that they were facing severe problems due to debts and all of them decided to end their lives as they did not see any point in leading a miserable life,\" the inspector, quoting the note, said.Based on the complaint lodged by the relatives of Sukhvir, police booked a case under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and the bodies have been shifted to Osmania General Hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16922116", "title": "Food safety officials raid Vyttila KFC outlet", "text": "KOCHI: District food safety officials raided the Vyttila KFC outlet on Monday following a complaint that stale chicken was served there. It was the second such raid conducted here in a month's time.The raid team comprising Jacob Thomas, food safety official, Edapally Circle, and V N Sasikumar, food safety officer, Kochi Corporation, seized frozen and cooked chicken from the outlet. The samples were sent to the regional analytical laboratory for tests.\"We can say something on the issue only after we receive the results of the lab tests,\" said Jacob Thomas.Anoop , the Thiruvananthapuram resident, who filed the complaint on Sunday night, said district food safety officials hadn't responded promptly to his complaint. \"We waited till 12 midnight for the officials to arrive. But nobody turned up. We are ready to handover the food, which we had bought from the outlet and kept in the freezer,\" said Anoop.However, the officials denied the allegation. \"We came to know about the incident only by midnight, and there is no system in place to conduct raids at that time of the night,\" they said. They said it was also not possible for them to collect the chicken that the complainant had bought from the restaurant and send it for lab tests as the restaurant could claim that it had not been bought from their shop.In the raid earlier this month, officials collected samples from the two KFC outlets in the city and sent it for lab tests.District food safety officer Ajith Kumar said the tests hadn't shown anything wrong with the seized food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920177", "title": "Admissions to meta university start from Oct 29", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University and Jamia Millia Islamia have announced the admission for the first course under meta-university concept on Monday. The application process for a two-year joint degree programme 'Master of Mathematics Education' (equivalent to MSc Mathematics Education) for the academic session 2012-13 will start from October 29 and the last date for application submission is November 14. There will be an all India entrance test for the same.The course will be administered from the Cluster Innovation Centre, Rugby Sevens Building, DU.Any graduate who has done at least two full-fledged papers in mathematics at the undergraduate level is eligible to apply for the course. There will be 20 seats in total, 10 each in both the universities.As per the admission schedule, the entrance test will be conducted on December 2 and the results will be declared on December 6. Interviews of the shortlisted candidates will be conducted on December 11 and 12 and the final results will be declared on December 13. Provisional admission will take place between December 18 and 21 and the classes for the first semester will start from January 3, 2013. The entrance test will have 75% weightage and the interview will have 25% weightage.The entrance test will consist of 75 questions each carrying one mark and will be of one hour duration. The entrance test will contain questions based on mathematical skills, reasoning, mental ability, general awareness, communication skills in English etc. The centers for the entrance test will be in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16923998", "title": "Tuki welcomes expedition team", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki welcomed the expedition team on Monday morning after it successfully scaled Mt Gorichen in Tawang district bordering West Kameng in the state here earlier this month.A 12-member team under the leadership of K Romeo Meitei had successfully climbed Mt Gorichen (6488 meters), the highest peak in the Eastern Himalayas on October 9. The team had been flagged off from Itanagar by Governor General JJ Singh on September 22. Besides mountaineers from other states, the team included Anshu Jamsenpa and Tine Mena of Arunachal Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16920926", "title": "Food and drug department cancels medical shop's licence", "text": "GONDIA: District food and drug department on Monday cancelled the license of one medical store and issued notices to 48 others for violation of various drug Acts. Of the 48 stores, the license of 19 may be suspended.These shops had sold certain drugs without prescription, such as the ones that induce abortion. Many of the drugs that these stores have sold can be life threatening ones if not taken under proper medical supervision.On receiving information about such activities the food and drug department had decided to conducted a special drive from April to September this year. A total of 543 medical stores were inspected out of the total 700 in the district.Following the inspection notices were issued by the assistant commissioner of F&D; department AV Mandelar to the erring shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921679", "title": "8 injured as driver loses control of bus on East Coast Road", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 28 people escaped unhurt and eight were injured when a driver lost control of a bus on East Coast Road ( ECR) on Monday at 4.30am.A State Express Transport Corporation (SETC) bus overturned after hitting an autorickshaw, a tree, and a small restaurant. It finally careened off the road and overturned. A women, Munni Hussain, 32, suffered head injuries and was admitted to a private hospital near Pallikaranai.Driver and conductor S Antony Raj, 45, of Omanapatti near Tirunelveli was behind the wheel when the mishap occurred. The main bus driver Periyasamy fled after the accident. Adyar traffic police personnel, who visited the spot, said the accident occurred due to the carelessness of the driver. Initial inquiries revealed that temporary driver Antony Raj might have fallen asleep while he was driving towards Chennai.Police said the bus veered to the right suddenly near AMET College in Kanathur and hit a pole. The driver turned the bus towards the left and hit an autorickshaw that was behind it. Antony tried to turn to the right, but he lost control and ploughed into the restaurant.The autorickshaw driver P Muthumalai, 37, who runs a vegetable shop in Kanathur, was going to Koyambedu market to buy vegetables. A freezer, fridge and furniture in the restaurant, run by R B Ameer, 43, were damaged. The injured were taken to a corporation hospital in Pallikaranai. Adyar traffic investigation police have registered a case and arrested Antony Raj, who was later remanded in Puzhal prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "phillaur", "code": "16921236", "title": "Barapind alleges non-compliance of court order by police", "text": "PHILLAUR: The counsel of SGPC member and Akali Dal (Panch Pardhani) president Kulbir Singh Barapind, who has been booked for sedition and under Explosives Act, has moved an application in a Phillaur court alleging that police did not comply with directions of the court of September 28 to get Barapind examined by a board of doctors after he had alleged torture in police custody by giving him electric shocks.On September 28, the court had ordered his examination by a medical board after he made a statement in the court and his counsel moved an application that he was given electric shocks in police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921190", "title": "Randhir Singh letter generates heat ahead of IOA elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: The IOA corridors are buzzing with excitement with two heavyweights, Randhir Singh and Abhay Chautala, all set to battle for the post of IOA's president.Monday gave an indication of things to come in the run-up to the elections when some members of the IOA raised objections to a point in a letter written by secretary general Randhir Singh to the members regarding the body's annual general meeting after which the elections would be held.The letter said that apart from other voting members, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) member in India will have one vote \"with a value of two votes\".This generated a lot of heat as Randhir himself is the IOC member in India and is also a potential candidate for the post of president. As per the IOA constitution, IOC member's vote has value of one.\"It was a typing mistake in the letter. We have already released another letter rectifying the mistake. It has been sent to all members,\" said Randhir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921966", "title": "Durga Puja draws pious from across cultures", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As Ahmedabad's Bengali community gears up for Dashami celebrations, Durga Puja pandals at various places in the city are witnessing a surge of devotees.\"This is the best time of the year to spend quality time with the family,\" said Arup Das, who visited a puja pandal on Sunday. \"Also, we meet various friends and relatives and get to enjoy cultural programmes. My four-year-old son likes to watch all the performances.\"Thousands of visitors belonging to diverse cultures are expected to throng the city's oldest Durga Puja pandal located in Vastrapur. \"Though I am Marwadi by caste, I was born and brought up in Kolkata where we used to celebrate Durga Puja every year,\" said Vedika Bayanwala, who runs a theatre group for children. \"But since we shifted to Ahmedabad I have started attending the puja here. I like the decor and the atmosphere.\"Puja organizers were all prepared to receive devotees who started flocking the pandal from Saptami onwards. \"On Sunday, four thousand people took 'bhog' at the pandal,\" said Anal Mukherjee, a member of the puja committee. \"Cooks have come from Kolkata specially for the festival. We have khichdi, labda and payesh served in the bhog. Year by year, the festival is getting better response from the citizens.\"The community's teens are all enthusiastic about the puja as well as the Navratri garba. Maitreyi Ghosh,16, who had come along with her family said, \"I like to participate in the classical dance programme. And after that I accompany my friends to garba venues.\"For Sushmita Digar, a student of TYBA, Durga Puja is the occasion to involve her non-Bengali friends in her traditions. \"I bring along a lot of my friends to see the Durga Puja festivities and they love it,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16922816", "title": "HC differs on judicial backlog data", "text": "MUMBAI: Bombay high court has disagreed strongly with the National Crime Record Bureau's figures on judicial backlog in Maharashtra. The court said that \"strenuous efforts to reduce overall pendency of cases...have achieved great results\", with the \"undertrial prisoner\" population in the state at 13,425 at the end of September this year.Statistics released by NCRB, and quoted by TOI in a report, had pegged the \"undertrial\" population at 28.6 lakh. These included those in prison and out on bail. According to NCRB data, 31 lakh undertrials were awaiting verdict in Maharashtra in 2011. Of these, just 2.4 lakh saw their cases conclude during the year. The remaining 28.6 lakh undertrials are waiting for their fates to be decided another day. Compared to rest of the country, the figure was the highest among all states.However, the high court disputes the NCRB's definition of 'undertrial'. According to its registrar general, the term applies to only those who are incarcerated and not those out on bail. By this understanding, the undertrial prisoner population in Maharashtra in 2010-end was 15,744. By 2011-end, it diminished to 14,873 and by end of this September to 13,425. S B Shukre, registrar general of the Bombay high court, said, \"Undertrial refers to only undertrial prisoners.\"He said a letter has been sent to NCRB in Delhi, seeking a correction of the figures. When contacted, NCRB joint director Nasir Kamal said, \"We have received a letter from the Bombay high court and are looking into the matter. We will check the figures and get back.\"Bombay high court said that disposal rate had increased greatly over the last five years. While in 2007 the number of cases disposed of was 19.67 lakh, in 2011 this number went upto 26.25 lakh. Till September 30 this year, a total 16.88 lakh cases had been disposed of. Over the last five years, there were also periods when the number of cases disposed of surpassed the number of cases instituted. In 2011, 19.96 lakh cases were instituted and 26.25 lakh disposed of. Till September 30 this year, 13.48 lakh cases were instituted and 16.88 lakh disposed of.Shukre said that pendency has drastically dropped from 41.35 lakh in July 2010 to 29.36 lakh on September 30 this year. \"All this was done without any major additions to the existing manpower and infrastructural requirements and by only focusing on effective use of existing procedural law and devising new approaches to the way dockets are managed by individual courts,\" Shukre said.R N Laddh, registrar, Inspection II, Bombay high court, said that alternate remedies like Lok Adalat have helped bring down the figure. However, legal experts feel the there is a pressing need to increase the number of competent judges. \"29 lakh pending cases is still a big number. The courts are short of judges and competent judges need to be appointed soon,\" said Justice H Suresh, a retired Bombay high court judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922366", "title": "Shivalikview gets 24-hr cafe, health club", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city has got another 24-hour coffee shop at the CITCO-run hotel Shivalikview, which was re-launched by UT adviser K K Sharma on Monday.The hotel now sports a newly developed 20,000sqft area comprising a lobby, a multi-cuisine restaurant and the 24-hour coffee shop, besides a boardwalk with a pizzeria, a swimming pool and a health club.D K Tiwari, MD, CITCO said the profits earned are being re-ploughed into the hotel to add new facilities in order to provide an extraordinary experience to the visitors. The new area has been conceptualized and designed by architect duo Vikram Malik and Vidhu Malik.The complete lobby area and the restaurant and coffee shop are designed such that the guests can comfortably move between various spaces.The coffee shop incorporates an illuminated feature wall that changes colors with time providing a visual spectacle. The decor follows the idea of modern art.The fine dining restaurant provides the facility of live cooking, where guests can opt to have their food cooked to their taste in front of them. The restaurant also promises several delicacies in its menu are being served for the first time in the Tricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924570", "title": "Nandankanan's stork population goes up in one year", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Environmentalists in the state have reason to be happy for the number of Openbill storks in Nandankanan zoo has increased over the last one year. This fact came to the fore after the zoo conducted a census on Sunday.Six teams, including 10 ornithologists counted the nests in the heronry sprawling over five acres of land inside the zoo.\"The birds' population has shown an increasing trend. Though the final counting is not over, prelimnary survey revealed that are more than 3,000 nests which indicates the population of birds is around 12,000. Last year, the number of nests were nearly 2,000,\" said assistant director of the zoo K L Purohit.Besides the Openbill storks, three varieties of egrets and two species of herons were also spotted by the survey team.\"The birds are mostly sighted in the area through which the toy train passes because the area is less crowded and the thick forest provides a better habitat. He nearby Kanjia lake also supplies them with ample food. \"The birds are feeling secure in this place as very few visitors go to that area,\" sources in Nandankanan said.White-necked storks and grey herons are other species found in the zoological park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922949", "title": "Auto driver found dead after counselling at traffic station", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 45-year-old auto driver, whose vehicle was seized by traffic police for not producing documents, died in front of the Nampally traffic police station under mysterious circumstances on Monday.The victim was identified as Shaik Moin from Malakpet. At about 9.45 am, Nampally traffic police station sub-inspector (SI) M Tirumalaiah issued a challan to Moin for parking the auto at RTC bus bay in front of Mahbubia College Gate at Gunfoundry. The traffic SI also found that Moin was not carrying certificate of registration (RC) and other documents like fitness certificate of the vehicle. The vehicle was seized and kept at the Nampally traffic police station. Moin was sent for counseling at the Traffic Training Centre in Goshamahal police stadium.After attending the counselling , Moin returned to the Nampally traffic police station at about 1 pm to pay the fine and get his vehicle released. While the concerned traffic officers were not available at the police station, Moin reportedly decided to take a nap in a parked auto near the police station.\"While Moin was resting in the auto, the driver of that vehicle arrived there and tried to wake him up. As Moin did not get up, they informed police and an ambulance was called to the spot. After examining Moin, the ambulance staff declared him dead and the body was shifted to Osmania Hospital for a postmortem,\" Nampally inspector Ch Sridhar said.Police suspect that Moin might have died due to heart attack. A suspicious death case was booked under section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921258", "title": "Two killed in road accidents at Bhosalenagar, Nigdi", "text": "PUNE: Two persons, including a 50-year-old woman, died in separate accidents in the city on Sunday.The first incident took place at Bhosalenagar around 2.30 am. Asha Bhonde (50) of Range Hills, Khadki, died after she was hit by an unidentified autorickshaw. Bhonde was on her way to Chatushrungi temple. The Chatushrungi police have launched a search operation to trace the autorickshaw driver.Another incident took place at Nigdi, in which a 36-year-old bicycle rider died after he was hit by a private bus. The incident took place around 11 pm on Rupinagar Road. The Nigdi police have identified the deceased as Dinesh Samdure of Rupinagar. The police have booked the bus driver, Ajinath Sonkamble, for negligent driving.Assistant police inspector of the Nigdi police station, Prakash Jadhav, is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924286", "title": "Balangir jail keeps date with century-old Durga Puja", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: For the last few days, the Balangir district jail has been abuzz with activities as inmates prepared to celebrate Durga Puja on the jail premises. They decorated the pandal with lights, et al and made Durga embellishments. They will also cook the prasad during the puja.\"Durga puja is being celebrated in the jail since the last 102 years. A puja committee has been formed and secretary and president of the committee are nominated from among the inmates. They look after the puja affairs till immersion,\" said Satyaprakash Swain, the jailer.He also said the jail has its own mandap, which is a permanent structure.The cultural programme during the puja is a big attraction in the jail. \"Among the inmates there are good instrumentalist and musicians. They have good knowledge of colloquial music and music meant for puja rituals. These people organize this programme,\" the jailer said, adding that visitors are allowed a glimpse of the jail mandap during the puja. Though the jail has a corpus fund for all festivities, a separate fund is created by collecting contributions from the inmates for Durga Puja. This, however, is not binding, said the jailer.Coming to Bhubaneswar, the Jharpada special jail authorities have sent a proposal to the IG (prisons) to allow the jail inmates to visit puja pandals. Since the jail doesn't celebrate Durga Puja on the premises, it has proposed that some select inmates exhibiting good conduct be allowed to visit some pandals. \"This is for the first time we have sent a proposal to the IG (prisons) to give us permission to allow selected inmates move out for Durga Puja celebrations,\" said Saroj Kumar Biswal, jailer.The proposal is under examination, said IG (prisons) Shyam Sundar Hansda. \"We will examine the proposal. We usually don't allow the inmates go out, but at times we take such steps as prison reforms measure,\" said the IG.In Choudwar jail, the puja will be a low-key affair. Inmates have not been celebrating the puja for the last three years following demolition of some old structures on the jail premises, including two mandaps.\"We suspended the puja because of space constraints. This year as per the request of the inmates, we will organize the puja but in a small way. We have sought permission from IG (Prisons),\" said Choudwar jailer Subhakanta Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921293", "title": "Academy scripts plays to make learning entertaining", "text": "PUNE: Formulas from Algebra textbooks, chronology of events from history, geographical information of countries, grammar lessons and other topics from school textbooks will now no more be a difficult lesson to learn, as the Natya Sanskar Kala Academy in the city has scripted plays and dramas to clear these academic concepts in school. This unique concept, titled 'Abhyasnatya', has been launched by the academy in the city to make learning in schools entertaining . At present, the academy is involved in training teachers of various schools to use this medium for teaching. It will later be imparted to students in civic schools in the first phase.For five years the academy has conducted research on the system of introducing drama into academics to explain textbook concepts. Competitions were organized on trial basis to see if the concept works with school children.Prakash Parkhi, trustee of the Kala Academy, said, \"We did a small survey among schools in the city who participated in the competitions and asked if students preferred the drama method of learning or through the conventional blackboard method. Without doubt, the students replied that the drama method was preferable.\"Schools, including the Modern English Medium School, the Seva Sadan English Medium School, and several Marathi-medium schools participated in the competition and have started adopting this method in their institutes.Scientific formulas in chemistry, cold and hot geographical regions, grammar lessons in Marathi language have been simplified through a story, which is presented in the form of a play by students.The academy has already written scripts on topics such as nature cycle, importance of rain water harvesting, importance of rivers, environmental balance, reasons for the Indian rebellion of 1857, among others. \"We will be conducting workshops for teachers to write scripts and direct these dramas that are of 10 to 15 minutes duration. Art is a highly neglected subject in school syllabus and so is drama. We will try and imbibe it in school curriculum,\" an official from the state directorate of school education said.Parkhi said: \"We will begin a movement to promote the 'Abhyasnatya' concept in city schools. Post-Diwali, teachers will be trained on what exactly the concept is about, how to use it in classes, how to write a script, among other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "durban", "code": "16921720", "title": "Slow start cost us the game, says Mumbai Indians skipper Harbhajan", "text": "DURBAN: Mumbai Indians skipper Harbhajan Singh said the defending champions paid the price for a slow start in their 12-run loss to Sydney Sixers in a Group B match of the Champions League Twenty20 at Kingsmead on Monday.Mumbai Indians' disastrous campaign in the tournament came to an end with their third defeat in four matches as they failed to perform as a unit in high-pressure situations, thus ending on a winless note.\"This was a kind of a game that hurt more than last few games. 137 was very much gettable, not just in 20 overs, but 18 overs. I think we batted too slow in the opening part and didn't look to carry on,\" said Harbhajan at the post-match presentation ceremony.Openers Sachin Tendulkar and Dwayne Smith started the run chase on a cautious note as the pair had tough time negotiating Sydney bowlers before reaching 30 in the six overs of the powerplay.\"We didn't take our opportunity and didn't play well enough. We didn't take responsibility, and this is where we stand. In all these games, we didn't get a start in the first six overs. Whenever we got the start in the first six overs...if you see the last game against CSK, we were chasing 170-odd and we were 26 for two and here today, we were chasing 137.\"These kind of games, you have to take the game away from the opposition by scoring runs in the first six, and that didn't happen, and that's an area of concern. Even in the IPL, the same thing happened. That's where we have to improve as a team,\" added Harbhajan.The skipper, however, expressed satisfaction over the performance of his bowling unit.\"We bowled really well throughout the tournament. The bowlers did a good job and that's all I can say. We tried our best, probably we didn't play as well as the other teams played,\" he said.Sydney Sixers captain, Brad Haddin said the boys played smart cricket and kept the opposition batsmen under check with tight fielding.\"This was our best fielding display and I am proud of that. I am always awake (about his catches and Test chances), but my chance here is to lead this bunch and they are really smart and they know their role. Just score one more than the other team (in the semifinal),\" said Haddin.Man-of-the-match, Steve Smith said it's always a challenge to perform against a strong team like Mumbai Indians.\"Our first game under the lights which took a while before getting used to it. It's always a good challenge to come out against a team like Mumbai and perform. I work on trying to be there till the end but played a lazy shot,\" he said.\"It was nice to score a few runs in the middle. Looking forward to the semifinal game,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16921611", "title": "Unfair confinement for Bangla sculptor", "text": "Keeping the sculptor in prison till he is in a position to pay the fine imposed on him is perhaps not the best way of dealing with this situation. Given the fact that he has already been in jail for almost a year beyond his sentence, it would be best if this additional imprisonment were set off against the amount due and he was released immediately. After all, a year's confinement is surely worth more than just Rs 1.5 lakh.Related Story  :  Bangla sculptor's career tarred by brush with law", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16923064", "title": "Let the mother decide", "text": "It happened to Niketa Mehta in 2008. Now another Mumbaikar, Usha Jethwa, has suffered similarly. Both women had found out during their pregnancy that their unborn child had such severe physical problems that she or he wouldn't be able to live normally. Yet their pleas for abortion were turned down on the technicality their pregnancy was over the stipulated 20-week period for abortion. But the medical fraternity is now of the view that if the mother wishes to end her pregnancy after learning about some severe health problem to herself of the fetus, she should be allowed to do so. In countries such as the UK, abortions are allowed up to 24 weeks of pregnancy. Medically speaking, terminations beyond 20 weeks are hence possible. It is perhaps time to look at the law and make special provisions to ensure that there are no more Niketa Mehtas or Usha Jetwas. While there is no denying that issues involving medical ethics are difficult to answer, the law can weave in stringent protocols to ensure that concessions are not exploited.Related story: Fetus malformed but abortion denied", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16921295", "title": "Ashok Khemka questioned amendment to Land Ceiling Act", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A month before his transfer, Haryana's whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka had recommended an investigation into the change of land use (CLU) licences issued to companies which had surplus land.In a letter to additional chief secretary Krishna Mohan on September 7, 2012, Khemka had stated that an amendment to the Haryana Ceiling on Land Holdings Act was implemented with retrospective effect from January 30, 1975, apparently to \"benefit the big business houses, colonizers and special economic zones and it discriminates against farmers and agriculture as an economic activity\".The Haryana Ceiling on Land Holding Act, which had barred people from owning more than 57 acre land, came into force on December 23, 1972. By an amendment in the law, the Haryana government in 2011 allowed individuals and private companies to buy unlimited chunks of land for non-agriculture purpose after doing away with the 57-acre ceiling.In his letter, Khemka said: \"An independent investigation is called for as to why during the period from December 23, 1972 to August 8, 2011, the town and country planning department was giving CLU licences to companies holding excess land in contravention to Section 4 of the (ceiling) Act and such information about surplus land was not intimated to the department of land records for declaring the excess area held by the companies as surplus area.\"Khemka had also recommended that the town and country planning department must seek clearance from the land records section to know whether the land for which CLU licence was being considered was beyond the ceiling limits.On August 24, 2011, when the assembly passed the amendment bill, the state government had said, \"It (amendment) was necessitated to remove uncertainty ...about the effect of ceiling laws on urban, industrial and other infrastructure projects set up in the state\".Khemka was transferred from the land consolidation department to Haryana Seed Development Corporation on October 11 after he ordered a probe into the Robert Vadra-DLF land deal in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921292", "title": "Posing as a mechanic, man steals two scooters", "text": "PUNE: Two scooters were stolen by a man pretending to be a mechanic on Sunday morning at Gultekdi and at Appa Balwant Chowk. Later, the scooters were found abandoned in Gultekdi.In the first incident, Rupali Munje (31), a resident of Budhwar Peth, was going to work around 9 am and had stopped at a signal at Appa Balwant Chowk. \"A man riding another scooter told her that the nut and bolt of her scooter's rear wheel was loose and needed to be fixed,\" said P P Kirdat, police sub-inspector of the Vishrambaug police station.Kirdat said the man told her he was a mechanic and could help her. He pretended to tighten the nut, then took the scooter on a 'trial run'. \"When he did not return, Munje got suspicious and contacted the police,\" Kirdat said.The scooter was later found in the Gultekdi area, said Kirdat. \"Munje's cell phone and money, which had been kept in the scooter, were missing.\"Two hours after the first incident, a similar incident took place in Gultekdi. This time, Bhavana Yogesh Bhandari of Kondhwa Budruk, was the victim.Senior police inspector Ram Pathare of the Swargate police station told TOI that the man had ridden Munje's scooter to Gultekdi. \"He had left the scooter there and rode off on Bhandari's two-wheeler,\" Pathare said.On Monday, Bhandari's scooter was found in Gultekdi. \"The suspect had stolen one more scooter but, since the scooter was found at the Market Yard, the woman did not lodge a complaint,\" Pathare said.Pathare has appealed to women scooter riders not to entertain anyone who claims to be a mechanic and offers help. \"We have a description of the suspect and will arrest him soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16922650", "title": "Cybercafes asked to install CCTVs", "text": "PANAJI: The government has asked cybercafes to install closed circuit TVs in their establishments for footage of persons using the facilities, to counter the security threat of possible misuse of the communication by terrorist and anti-social elements.A notification was issued recently urging the cybercafe owners to comply with various requirements, including maintenance of registers to record the customers' names and details of their identities with documents.The frequent appeals to cybercafe owners were being made in the past, but in one order issued by South Goa collector, N D Agrawal recently, they have been directed to install CCTVs. In North Goa, his counterpart, Mihir Vardhan said he is co-ordinating with the police in a similar exercise.The cybercafes have to retain the footage for at least a month and make it available to the police on demand, the order states.\"It may take sometime for them to install the systems, but they will be given some leeway in that,\" Agrawal said.A few cybercafes have already installed the surveillance systems, sources said. \"Is the government providing some subsidy?\" an owner asked tongue in cheek. Some cafes find it advantageous to install CCTVs, as they also run some business venture. \"I also have a commercial shop and the system helps,\" Roy Fernandes, a Raia-based businessman said. Another owner in Canacona said he can monitor the movement of people in the shop, which also sells mobile handsets. But they find the operational costs high. \"The life of electronic items used round the clock is short and they can burn due to electric problems,\" Fernandes said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16923023", "title": "Fight to stay warm in the storm", "text": "Wisps of smoke from cooking fires rise near Chetpet station as women crouch over vessels, trying to finish cooking before the next spell of rain.\"We have to cook and store the little food that we have for the next couple of days as we can't light fires for cooking when it rains,\" says Saundhariya , in her 20s, as she balances an infant on her hip and stirs the vessel at the same time.Saundhariya is part of a group of around 70 gypsies, mostly from Andhra Pradesh, who live in a plot close to the station. Ramshackle tents, snotnosed children sifting through piles of garbage, and men in a drunken stupor sitting next to puddles are telltale signs of the penury the group lives in.\"We dread the monsoon season the most. For us, the monsoon means cold nights, being driven away from the railway platforms by policemen, and scouting for food,\" says 60-year-old Rajalakshmi, who lives on the foot over bridge at Chetpet.Most people close to the station scamper to the platform for shelter and huddle together to keep warm. \"We are often driven away by the policemen and are forced to fend for ourselves in the downpour,\" says Rajalakshmi, whose 72-year-old husband is partially paralysed.Acute drinking water shortage, lack of toilets, threat of waterborne diseases, and lack of social security are some of the issues plaguing pavement dwellers in the city. They are forced to face the vagaries of nature without a roof over their heads. Chennai has more than 11,000 homeless people , most of whom stay on Wall Tax Road and Moore Street, and in Parrys Corner, Broadway, Pallavan Nagar, Beach station, Sowc a r p e t , Moore's St, Pulianthope market, Vyasarpadi, and Egmore.Social workers say the same problems arise every time the monsoon hits the city. \"Every year when the monsoon comes, the homeless bear the brunt. Despite a Supreme Court order stating that every city must have one shelter for every one lakh people, little is done for the homeless,\" said A J Hariharan, secretary, Indian Community Welfare Organisation.For 50-year-old Kasturi, who has been living on a narrow pavement opposite Flower Bazaar police station for the last 30 years, the biggest problem during the monsoon is the struggle to find clean drinking water. \"Every monsoon, there is water all around us, but not a drop we can drink. We tried to fill a bucket at the pump close by but the water had tiny black worms in it,\" she says.Kasturi is among the scores of people who have been living out of trunks, and in some cases in tiny shanties, on the bustling streets of north Chennai. For these pavement dwellers, a pucca house is a distant dream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16926604", "title": "Gorkha Data Centre launched", "text": "VARANASI: The 39 Gorkha Training Centre (GTC) launched a Gorkha Data Centre, a website and records office of 39 Gorkha Rifles and all battalions on Monday.According to spoke person from 39 GTC, Satish Kumar the data centre and websites would enable the troops and their families for instant disbursement of their salaries and claims.Soldiers of 39 GR would be able to access their personal data from anywhere in the country even from the remote areas.According to Kumar, the data centre and website together are expected to result in improving the efficiency of records and promotion of digital culture among soldiers.Exhibition: Bharat Kala Bhawan, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) is going to hold a month long literary exhibition in its premises from October 31. The rare documents, personal belongings, letters, books, rare manuscripts, photographs and paintings of several noted Indian writers will be exhibited on the occasion.Appointed: Prof LD Mishra has been appointed as the head of department of Anaesthesiology department, Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) with effect from October 26 for a period of three years.Meanwhile, Prof Rajaram Shukla has been appointed as the head of department of Vaidic Darshan, BHU and Prof SK Singh has been appointed as head of department of Endocrinology, IMS, BHU for a period of three years.Lecture: The academic forum of Women's College, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) organised a lecture by Dr PR Sinha on 'Women and Heart Problems' in the college conference hall on Saturday.According to Sinha, post menopausal women are more prone to heart diseases because of several hormonal changes. Apart from that stress , over work, depression are the major reasons for heart diseases in women. Sinha also told that the mall culture developing in the cities are popularising junk food among young girls and thus inviting several heart problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921107", "title": "Politician Kejriwal losing friends in NGO world", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Arvind Kejriwal makes the shift from the NGO world to that of politics, he faces the tough task of keeping his civil society friends with him. NGO Vidharba Jan Andolan Samiti, which has been active in raising farmers' suicides and other problems in the parched belt, has accused Kejriwal of using it for his political purposes.Kishore Tiwari, who heads the NGO, said, \"We were asked to provide all details related to the irrigation scam and the recently developed power project crisis... these were given to the IAC. But all data given by us was intentionally not used... it resulted in single person focus where our main issues have taken a back seat.\"This is not the first time that Kejriwal has lost support from friends in civil society but ever since he announced his political inclinations, those differing with him have preferred to go public. Earlier, civil society members on board the National Advisory Council had distanced themselves from his campaign, not wishing to be attached with his \"approach and methods\", as some put it.The differences within Team Anna, when it existed, could have been passed off as fraternal arguments but the chasm between Kejriwal's overt political steps and the concerns of civil society to look at more systematic changes have a different dimension.Tiwari said, \"We demand IAC to focus on main demands of aam aadmi who are living in remote villages and are dying without food and medicine.\"While Tiwari was initially supportive of Kejriwal's foray into politics, he sounded circumspect in a later letter, saying, \"The basic need is to change the wrong model of development and fix a time agenda to deal with corrupt... We will convince these great leaders that's the main issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16924002", "title": "Durga Puja: Jaintias dance to bom beats for celebrating the festival", "text": "SHILLONG: The beating of the 'bom' (Khasi drum) greeted Goddess Durga in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills on Maha Ashtami as hundreds of drummers kept up the harmonious rhythm of the festival at a local competition.The Central Puja Committee (CPC) in Shillong organized a competition, in memory of popular journalist Prasad Gupta, at the Jail Road Puja Mandap on Monday. There were three groups, comprising girls and boys, who have taken to percussion.While drummers from the Sngap Paka Institute of Heritage, Shillong, won the first prize, teams from U Jeebon Roy Creative Centre for Arts and Culture and Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School were the first and second runners-up, respectively. There were gold, silver and bronze medals and cash prizes for the performing teams.\"This competition on indigenous Khasi drum beats will henceforth continue during Durga Puja in Shillong,\" a senior CPC member said.Bom, or kettle drum, is made up of wood and the head is covered with deer skin.The drumming event was followed by a competition organized for dhakis, or traditional drummers. Twelve groups, representing various puja committees in the city, took part in the competition. In the grand finale, the competitive spirit was taken over by the rhythm created by synchronized beating of doms.Meanwhile, the Durga temple at Nartiang, one of the oldest, also reverberated with drum beats accompanied by cymbals and other traditional instruments. The 17th century temple, built by Jaintia Kings Rajendra I and Rajendra II at their summer capital is the 34th Shakti Peetha. The grand community feast, organized by the village head, is also a major part of the celebrations here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920308", "title": "India to ask Italy for Augusta probe details", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defence ministry will ask the Italian government for details of its ongoing probe against defence firm Finmeccanica, including alleged payment of kickbacks in the deal for VVIP helicopters for India in 2010.The decision came in the wake of the arrest of American-Italian citizen Guido Ralph Haschke over the weekend in Switzerland, after he was accused of money laundering by Italian investigators who are probing financial deals of Finmeccanica. Haschke was released on bail on Sunday.Haschke is no stranger to India. He was an independent director of construction major Emaar MGF and is presently director of Aeromatrix, a Chandigarh-based engineering firm.Sources in the defence industry said Finmeccanica may have already sought an appointment with the Indian ambassador in Italy to assure him formally that they have not paid any bribes to any middlemen in the 2010 deal for VVIP choppers. India signed a deal with AgustaWestland, a Finmeccanica firm, in 2010 for 560 million euros to supply 12 AW 101 choppers. India decided to procure these triple-engine choppers for ferrying VVIPs in place of Russian-origin Mi-8 helicopters.The allegations have emerged when the Indian Air Force is just weeks away from receiving the first of these helicopters. Sources said they were expecting the first machine in October, and by February, they are confident of completing all the inductions.MoD officials on Monday insisted that there was no proposal to cancel the deal yet. If evidence emerges of any bribe payment in the deal, the government will have to take tough action, including possible cancellation of the contract and blacklisting of the accused firm.Questions over the deal were first raised in April in the Italian media after which India had asked its embassy to keep a tab on the developments. In April, Italian prosecutors visited Switzerland to collect evidence and verify money flows through Swiss accounts.The main Italian probe has targeted Finmeccanica chairman and chief executive Giuseppe Orsi. The investigation was triggered by allegations of an ex-Finmeccanica employee, himself under investigation, after he claimed regular kickbacks in defence deals and illegal payment of several people including Italian politicians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921652", "title": "7 hospitalised for diarrhoea, hostel sealed", "text": "CHENNAI: A men's hostel on Langs Garden Road in Pudupet was sealed by Chennai Corporation officials on Monday afternoon, after seven of its guests were hospitalised with diarrhoea. Civic body officials were alerted to the sudden rash of cases when they discovered that four people with diarrhoea from the same address had been admitted to Communicable Diseases Hospital, Tondiarpet. When officials went to the spot, they found that the hostel was one of the city's many 'mansions', lodges notorious for their squalid little rooms.When the officials entered the three-storey building, they found a narrow stairway leading to several 10ft x 10ft rooms. \"The owner had rented out the 44 rooms in the building to 400 people,\" an official said. \"Diseases like tuberculosis can spread rapidly in such overcrowded conditions.\" According to corporation rules, lodges should provide each guest with space of at least 100sqft.The building appeared to have been built more than 50 years ago. \"It had only five latrines, all of which were leaking. The kitchen is next to one of the latrines,\" the official said. Officials suspect that the lack of proper facilities led to the occupants consuming contaminated water. Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan asked the health department to keep tabs on the hostels during the monsoon to prevent a disease outbreak.Many of these 'mansions' are old buildings in Triplicane and Mylapore. They cater to migrant workers and students. Most of them operate through hearsay and some depend on brokers to find them guests in need of cheap accommodation.\"Our building is full of rats and lizards,\" says Raj Singh, a professional who stays in a hostel in Triplicane. Most of the hostels are located in the older localities of the city. Guests pay around 2,500 a month for a roof above their head and three meals a day.Mansions Owners Association secretary S Dhasthagir said there are around 750 of these hostels in the city. Corporation officials say their hands are tied because there is no rule against opening a hostel without permission from the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921150", "title": "SpeakAsia man in judicial custody", "text": "MUMBAI: Self-proclaimed multi-level marketing (MLM) firm SpeakAsia's former country coordinator, Pankaj Shah, was produced before the Esplanade court on Monday and sent to judicial custody till October 30. Police said Shah's arrest is significant as he helped set up SpeakAsia in early 2010.Cops said Shah , who did an M Sc in Microbiology, was attached to a reputed south Mumbai hospital as medical researcher before joining hands with MLM companies. \"He worked with the firm between January and October 2010 until he was asked to resign. The company appointed Tarak Bajpai as COO of SpekaAsia in his place,\" said a police officer. Shah was earlier questioned in connection with the Rs 500-crore Aryarup MLM case. Shah admitted that he had helped several MLM companies to set up their base. The police are verifying if the did the job unknowingly or whether he was completely aware about the various fraud firms' modus operandi.Cops said some SpeakAsia panelists have floated blogs and websites claiming that they will start returning investors' money soon. \"Some investors have received SMSes and a group of SpeakAsia sympathizers is trying to convince investors that their money will come back to them,\" said the officer. Investigators said they were monitoring such web sites and blogs and that they will initiate action as per law.An officer who is part of the probe said the company and people associated with it have been filing petitions and applications before the court \"just to delay the probe\".\"The company earlier told the court that the issue was a civil dispute and not a criminal case. A hearing was on in the Supreme Court and the petitioners withdrew their case. Similarly, after some investors asked the SC to quash an FIR against the firm, the SC lambasted the petitioners and the petition was withdrawn,\" the cop said, adding that some investors approached the Bombay HC with a petition saying SpeakAsia was being targeted by the media but later withdrew it. \"This was just to prevent investigation,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "16926778", "title": "3-time Olympic champ Yoshida to receive People's Honor Award", "text": "TOKYO: The Japanese government decided today to bestow the People's Honor Award on three-time Olympic wrestling champion Saori Yoshida, saying she has deeply moved and encouraged people through her achievements.Yoshida, 30, has won a total of 13 Olympic and world titles, one more than Russian legend Alexander Karelin, who earned three Olympic gold medals and nine world championships in the men's 130-kg class between 1988 and 1999.Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura told a press conference after a Cabinet meeting, \"She has set an unprecedented record in wrestling and blazed a trail for women's sport, while deeply inspiring many people and bringing hope and courage to society.\"The government decided at the meeting to bestow the award on Yoshida on November 7 at the prime minister's office. It will be the 20th time the honour has been given in Japan.Yoshida released a statement saying she is \"honoured\" and wants to thank all the people, also expressing gratitude that she was able to encounter wrestling.Yoshida's streak began at the 2002 world championships and includes Olympic golds in 2004, 2008 and August in London. She has also won 10 national championships.In sports circles, baseball legend Sadaharu Oh , Yasuhiro Yamashita, Olympic champion in judo, Naoko Takahashi, Olympic marathon champion, as well as members of the \"Nadeshiko Japan\" women's soccer team have received the award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16922533", "title": "Telanagana row keeps film's cash register ringing", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The distributors of 'Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu (CGTR)' who went underground a day before the film's release after failing to pay the bid amount to the producer, are now on cloud nine. For, the film is rocking at the box office particularly in coastal and Rayalaseema regions, promising to fetch massive returns to the distributors.Thanks to the controversy over a few scenes in the film in Telangana districts, the movie is turning out to be another blockbuster for 'power star' Pawan Kalyan after his recent success 'Gabbar Singh'. A theatre owner, V Venkata Ramana, told TOI that the film was attracting new audience than repeat audience (fans) mainly because filmgoers were curious to find out as to what was the controversy all about.The distributors are believed to have offered fancy sums for the rights on CGTR after seeing Gabbar Singh's box office performance, which is believed to have set an all-time record in the collections. According to sources, almost all the distributors of CGTR were panicked over the fate of the film till its release five days ago. The distributors were worried whether the film would be released as per the schedule after director Puri Jagannath lodged a complaint against producer DVV Danaiah with the directors' council just days before its release.Many of the distributors bid for the film with huge amounts taking the Dasara holidays and Gabbar Singh's success into account. They hoped that they would get their investment back without any trouble as there was no other top hero's film due for release during the holidays. However, the situation suddenly changed following the differences between the producer and director as they started getting negative reports from industry insiders on the film's fate. The poor show of Puri Jagannath's previous film 'Devudu Chesina Manushulu' starring Ravi Teja and Ileana compounded their fears.Amidst such apprehensions, at least three distributors who paid about 75 per cent of the bid amount, have reportedly disappeared from the scene a day before the picture's release. Sources said the 'desertion' of distributors put the theatre managements on tenterhooks as fans were likely to target the theatres if the film was not screened on the date of release. Sources said that theatre managements in Krishna Guntur and Nellore held negotiations with the producer and took the responsibility to transfer the collection amounts directly into their accounts as part of the balance amount to be paid by the distributor.In the process of finalising the nitty-gritty of the deal, the film was screened about two to three hours behind the schedule on the first day. With everything turning out to be smooth, no one came to know of the behind-the-scene struggle on that day. Sources said that the distributors believed to have offered Rs 2.25 crore in Krishna, Rs 3.5 crore in Guntur (including Prakasam) and Rs.1.5 crore for Nellore rights. While these amounts are the highest ever offered for any star's film in the recent past, the exhibitors too felt it was very difficult to recover these amounts in the normal conditions.Sources said that Pawan's Gabbar Singh fetched unexpected returns where it reported to have collected about Rs 3 crore in Krishna, Rs 4 crore in Guntur and Rs 2.25 crore in Nellore making the distributors go for highest bids.Luckily, the controversy in T-region has helped the collections soar in the coastal and Rayalaseema districts in the last three days.\"Without the controversy in the T-region, the distributors would have incurred huge losses despite film receiving good ratings,\" observed former film censor board member Ramachandra Sastry. With the collections remaining steady in the last five days, the distributors heaved a sigh of relief. Sources said that the film grossed Rs 1.5 crore in the first four days in Krishna, Rs 2 crore in Guntur, Rs 1.4 crore each in Godavari districts, Rs 1 crore in Nellore and Rs 3 crore in Rayalaseema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921972", "title": "PIL for change of Eid holiday rejected by HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday refused to entertain a PIL taking exception to the state government's decision of declaring holiday on October 26, though the festival of Eid-ul-Zuha or Bakr Eid is to be celebrated on October 27. Muslim students' outfit, Student Islamic Organization (SIO) had filed the PIL.The organization contended in the PIL that the day of Eid-ul-Zuha is fixed ten days after the first sight of the moon in the beginning of the month as per Islamic calendar. And the state government should be accommodative enough to reschedule its holiday.The PIL also cited the example of Eid-ul-Fitr that was on Monday, but the state government declared Sunday as holiday for the festival. The Centre rescheduled the off day, but the state government did not.The petitioner argued that though the state government has offered an optional holiday on October 27, but few could take advantage of it. The petitioner's counsel contended that the examinations in many universities are scheduled on October 27.During arguments, the government said that it has made the holiday an option, and respective universities could accommodate the students' demands. Public prosecutor Prakash Jani defended the government's decision and said that the people have to rise above religion, and all religions are equal before the State. If such a demand is granted in this case, many more people from different communities and sects may come forward demanding holidays on their respective festivals.The bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala raised the issue whether the high court should direct the state government to declare holiday for festivals. Finally, after a brief discussion, the court concluded that it cannot direct the government on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920111", "title": "Power bills to drop as DERC reverts to original slabs", "text": "NEW DELHI: In some glad tidings for the festive season, Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) on Monday went ahead with its proposal of scrapping the 0-400 units slab and reverting to the original system of 0-200 and 201-400 units.The regulator had mooted the proposal last month, and implemented it on Monday.It claimed that the step would reduce bills by 10%-15% for over nine lakh domestic consumers whose electricity consumption falls between 200 and 400 units.The measure will be effective with retrospect from July 1. However, consumer activists and RWAs remained unimpressed and insisted that the need of the hour was to slash tariff rates, not revise slabs.DERC had first proposed on September 26 to revert to the slabs that existed before July after widespread complaints of unusually high power bills across the city. Restoration of original slabs means consumers will be charged Rs 3.70/unit for power consumption up to 200 units while Rs 5.50/unit will be charged for consumption between 201 and 400 units. The regulator has hiked per unit rate by 10 paisa for consumption beyond 400 units for domestic consumers and decided to charge Rs 6.50/unit against current Rs 6.40/unit.\"Depending on the usage, in some cases the relief can be as high as 22% while in some it may be as low as 3-4%. All the three private distribution companies have been told to make suitable adjustments in the next bills to provide the benefits of introduction of 201-400 units slab,'' said a DERC official.When the new power tariffs were announced in June end, the commission did not anticipate how much abolishing the 201-400 units slab would affect power bills. Consumers started lining up at discom offices after their bills went up as much as three-fold and protests and dharnas started across the city.Activist Arvind Kejriwal joined in the protest and demanded a complete rollback of the tariff hike even as BJP accused the Delhi government and DERC of favoring discoms'. DERC in its order noted that the move caused \"unintended increase\" in tariff on primarily middle class consumers. \"The proposed rationalization would benefit the consumers in the range of 200 to 400 units where the percentage increase in bills would come down on an average by approximately 15%,\" the order added.The changes, however, failed to impress RWAs and political parties. Both BJP and India Against Corruption (IAC) said they would continue to raise the issue until the government calls a complete rollback of the increased tariff. RWA members on the other hand said that the 'relief' is just an eyewash.General secretary of Delhi RWA Front, Pankaj Aggarwal, called the new power tariff order \"a salesman's trick\" played by DERC. \"Its like a cheap trick where first you increase price of a product by two times and then bring it down by half and expect people to be happy and celebrating. This surely is not what we have been asking for.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16922663", "title": "Talks fail; strike at LPG plant to continue", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The disruption of LPG cylinder distribution in Malabar is likely to continue as the talks to end the strike at the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) plant at Chelari failed.It was following IOC authorities stepping back from the terms of agreement reached with the casual workers in the plant that the workers decided to continue their five-day long strike. IOC authorities backtracked from their promise to hike wages within hours after agreeing to do so at the meeting chaired by Malappuram district collector on Monday afternoon.The strike, which started last Tuesday, has already affected the distribution of LPG in Malabar region.District collector M C Mohandas convened the meeting on Monday at his chamber after the striking workers at the plant had decided to stick to their demands. District labour officer, IOC's senior plant manager and the representatives of the casual workers took part in the meeting.After it was over, the district collector and the representatives of the union informed the media that IOC had agreed to the workers' demand for wage hike and that the workers would resume work on Monday itself. The collector also said LPG distribution in Malabar region would become normal by Tuesday.The press release issued after the meeting said the salary of the workers would be hiked soon and that till the new wage structure came into effect, workers would be provided Rs 5,000 monthly in addition to the existing salary of Rs 9,750.But in the evening, after the work in the plant had resumed, the plant manager informed the trade union members that higher authorities in IOC had rejected the terms of agreement as the company had no provision to hike the wages of contract workers without renewing the existing contract.Plant manager Bhaskaran told TOI that he could not promise salary hike without the sanction of the higher authorities. \"Workers were told about this at the meeting itself. But the collector and the workers' representatives announced that an agreement on wage hike had been reached,\" he said.Joint secretary of Kerala Petroleum Gas Workers Union ( CITU) P Prince told TOI that as IOC authorities had gone back on their promise, casual workers would continue their strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16926804", "title": "Gang involved in banking fraud busted", "text": "VARANASI: The Chetganj police have succeeded in busting a gang of criminals having nexus with bank employees and involved in transferring money from the accounts of institutions and big capitalists to the accounts of people connected with them. The gang members confessed to have withdrawn over Rs 3 crore from different accounts in the past six years. The members of gang, including the kingpin, were arrested on Sunday while the bank employees involved in the fraud are either absconding or under scanner.SSP BD Paulson said that the Sampurnanand Sanskrit University (SSU) authorities had made a complaint with Chetganj police that Rs 12.50 lakh was missing from its account about a fortnight back. During investigations, the cops received information regarding the presence of kingpin Manish Srivastava of Ambala district, who lives in DLW area in Chetganj. The cops raided the place and nabbed him. Later, other members of gang identified as Mohan Lal Jaiswal of Bhaktinagar Colony, Rajesh Mishra of Mahamandal Nagar, Lahurabir, Bhaiyalal alias Vikal of Sarang Talab, Aman Jaiswal of Habibpura, Abhishek Srivastava of Lehartara and Navin Goyal of Bauliabagh were nabbed.The gang had a workshop of preparing forged cheque books and other documents at the house of Navin in Bauliabagh. The police recovered many fake cheque books, a computer, printer, ink in different colours, ration cards, ATMs and pass books of different banks, signatures of account holders whose bank accounts were targeted to withdraw money scanned on a paper, stamps, PAN card and other articles were recovered from the house.Rajesh Mishra was assigned the task to look for needy persons from weaker sections who wanted to open a bank account. He used to help them in opening the bank account but after completion of the process, the ATM card and cheque book issued in the name of account holder were possessed by the gang members.The gang members had formed a nexus with bank employees, particularly peons and clerks, who helped them by giving the photostat copies of the cheques of big depositors like educational institutions, business houses and industrialists with the information of the sum available in their account. The gang members used to prepare duplicate cheques which were deposited in the account of those innocent people, who had given their ATMs and cheque books to the gang. Paulson said that when the process of money transfer from one account to other was completed, the gang members used to withdraw the money on the same date.Paulson said that a peon of SSU branch of Allahabad Bank , who was part of the nexus, had been identified but he is absconding. Efforts are being made to trace other bank employees who are associated with the gang. He said that a special team would be constituted for further investigation in this case as the answer of many questions like how the duplicate cheques were accepted by the banks and what is the actual number of bank accounts targeted by this gang to withdraw money, have not been known so far.Man deprived of motorcyclei: Miscreants looted the motorcycle of a man at gun-point near Rajapur village, under Jansa police area, on Monday morning.Pramod Vishwakarma and his wife Mamta went to the house place of his in-laws in Rajapur in morning. Some masked persons intercepted the couple and looted their motorcycle at gun-point. They threw Mamta from the motorcycle and she suffered injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922225", "title": "Stem cell-based drug holds out hope for limb disorder patients", "text": "BANGALORE: Walking up to the toilet too is a big struggle for Murugappa (name changed), 38, a slum-dweller from Bangalore. The pain in his left leg is so acute he's scared to even move it an inch.About six months ago, he developed a non-healing ulcer on the big toe of his left foot. Despite the best treatment, there is continuous pain.Ravikanth (name changed), 30, a labourer, complained of severe pain in his right leg about four years ago. Then, he developed a non-healing ulcer on his left leg. Pain rips through his leg, despite treatment.Murugappa and Ravikanth are victims of Thromboangiitis Obliterans (TAO) or Buerger's disease. A recurring progressive inflation and clotting of small and medium arteries and veins of the limbs, this condition is also called Critical Limb Ischemia and has no cure. The patient has no option but to amputate the limb, if it develops blockage of blood flow and thereby, gangrene.\"This condition is strongly associated with the use of raw tobacco products like beedi and smokeless tobacco products,\" said Dr Murali Krishna, peripheral vascular surgeon, Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences and Research.\"Patients cannot undergo a complex surgical process like a bypass or angioplasty. And if the limb develops a blockage, there are high chances of it turning gangrenous. A good number of patients end up undergoing amputation of the limb,\" he added.Thousands of Buerger's disease patients now have a ray of hope. Stempeutics, a Bangalore-based biotechnology company, is in the process of developing a stem cell-based medicine called Stempeucell for CLI.Murugappa and Ravikanth are part of the medicine trials currently on at 11 hospitals across India, including at Jayadeva and MS Ramaiah hospitals in Bangalore, and Kasturba Medical College Hospital, Manipal. Determining the dosage and therapy time will have to wait for 12-18 more months, said Dr H Sudarshan Ballal, medical director, Manipal Hospital and chairman, Stempeutics.\"The trial is targeted at patients in the age group of 25-45. If it's successful, we'll develop a medicine for younger and older patients,\" said Dr Sanjay Desai, cardiothoracic and vascular surgeon, MS Ramaiah Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16924655", "title": "Review: Datawind Ubislate 7Ci, an Aakash 2 alternative", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aakash 2 may not be anywhere in sight still, but Datawind, the company behind the government-promoted tablet, recently launched a sibling - Ubislate 7Ci. Placed in the sub-Rs 5,000 bracket, which is becoming increasingly competitive, the Ubislate 7Ci has a tough task at hand - bettering the competition and overcoming the hype around Aakash 2. For those interested in buying the budget tablet priced at Rs 3,500 in the market, we bring the review of Datawind Ubislate 7Ci budget tablet.Specifications Running on Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) out of the box, Ubislate 7Ci has a 7-inch HD screen with 800x480-pixel resolution and comes with 4GB internal memory (expandable via micrSD card of up to 32GB capacity). The tablet is powered by a 1GHz Cortex A8 processor with 512MB RAM and can access the internet over Wi-Fi as well as 3G dongle. However, it has no sim card slot for 2G and 3G internet connectivity, since Datawind has reserved that for Ubislate 7C+. Thankfully, Datawind provides a microUSB to USB adaptor with the Ubislate 7Ci, so that buyers can access internet via 3G dongle. There is no HDMI port, so you cannot enjoy content over the cloud or stored in the tablet on a larger screen.Build quality We were not pleased by its build quality. But then, we did not expect much from a tablet costing Rs 3,500. The plastic used in building the body seems cheap and was easily scratched, even when we simply kept it on a table. So a cover is a must for any buyer.Media consumption The screen, though it can smoothly play 1080p videos, does not offer much to those who want to watch videos and movies. The colours are washed out and do not offer the richness and details that say a rival like the Micromax Funbook boasts of. But then, with a price difference of Rs 2,500 between these two, the difference in quality of experience was bound to creep in. Another grouse we had was with the battery life, which lasted only for up to three hours when a video was playing the loop without Wi-Fi. However, on standby mode, it lasted over a day.Talking about media consumption, we reiterate that the screen does not offer vibrant colours, but the sound quality is decent and videos can be easily played without any jarring. The stock video player of Android ICS was able to play full HD videos and YouTube videos at 1080p also played fluidly.Interface Datawind did not put much energy into recreating the user interface of Ubislate 7Ci. The tablet has the stock Android ICS look and feel, along with the same widgets. However, the manufacturer did install a few of its own apps, including MangoReader, Krishi Ville, My Food Wizard, My Jobs, Kingsoft Office, Minesweeper, MP3 Recorder, MPE Notes and MPE Tasks, among others. We were unable to download ebooks from the two apps in the tablet, but other pre-installed apps worked well. Interestingly, the two ebook downloading apps kept shutting down on their own, though the error was not because of lack of RAM, which is usually the case. This indicates that Datawind may have to rework these two novelty apps to find the issue with them.Camera We made video calls over Wi-Fi via an app installed from Google Play marketplace and the results were great. The 0.3MP front camera can record videos without any problems, despite its low resolution, and will be suitable for any user. It also doubles as the primary camera of the tablet since there is no rear camera, and the stock camera app has all the basic functionalities, but nothing exceptional to talk about. Buyers should remember that Ubislate 7Ci does not have LED flash with the camera, so they will have to remain in environs with good lighting conditions if they want to use it as their main imaging gadget.Our take Datawind Ubislate 7Ci, a sibling of the much-hyped Aakash 2, is a decent device for those who want a budget tablet for basic usage. Its price tag of Rs 3,500 is justified considering its overall user experience and quality of material. There was no lag whatsoever while using the tablet, which came as quite a surprise to us, and videos in various formats played perfectly. So movie enthusiasts would be happy with Ubislate 7Ci, provided they can accept the washed out colours of the screen. The lack of 2G and 3G connectivity via SIM card is another issue, but buyers can rather update to Ubislate 7C+ for that.Datawind is offering buyers of Ubislate 7Ri, which has resistive screen, the chance to upgrade to Ubislate 7Ci, which sports a capacity screen for an additional Rs 500. This seems to be a good trade-off as the experience of capacitive screens is much better than that of resistive screens, which are already nearing extinction. Moreover, it is also a better proposition than the competitor, BSNL Penta T-Pad IS701R, which also has similar configuration, but comes with a resistive screen.Last words If you are fed up with the eternal wait for Aakash 2 and want to buy a tablet at Rs 3,500, then Datawind 7Ci is the way to go. Though it is no Google Nexus 7, it offers all the functionalities of a mobile computing device and seems to perform all the functions without any glitches. If you are prepared to compromise with internet connectivity on-the-go and washed out colours of the screen while playing media, you have a potent Android 4.0 tablet in your hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921063", "title": "Make impact study mandatory for hydro projects, say experts", "text": "PUNE: Experts working on issues related to rivers have urged the government to amend the environment impact assessment notification to make impact assessment mandatory for all large dams, hydro projects over 1 mega watt (MW) capacity and projects impacting aquatic biodiversity.This issue was raised by experts at the XI Conference of Parties (COP 11) on Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), hosted at Hyderabad from October 1-19, 2012.Parineeta Dandekar, South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers and People (SANDRP), Pune, who is back from the conference, told TOI that experts have submitted a proposal to the Union government about protection of rivers. She pointed out that the convention on biological diversity has failed to protect India's rivers and its riverine biodiversity.\"The two decade old UN Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) agreed to at Rio in 1992, with the main objectives of conservation, sustainable use, and access and sharing of benefits for the local communities could have been a boon for the riverine biodiversity. However, it has been of no help for the Indian rivers, riverine biodiversity and dependent communities,\" she said.Closer home, Dandekar said the upstream dams in Mula and Mutha rivers are obstructing the entire flow of rivers, except in monsoon. This is leading to pollution, loss of biodiversity and livelihood of fishermen. In Maharashtra, fresh new species of fish are found in north Western Ghats. But dams are impacting the aquatic and fresh water species, she said.Ashish Kothari, member, Kalpavriksh, said the gross domestic product-driven development model of India is leading to negative impact on all other aspects.The experts have urged the government to urgently review plans of big dams, hydropower projects and interlinking of rivers that would adversely affect aquatic biodiversity and livelihood and conduct socio-cultural-ecological assessment as per the Akwe Kon guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16922693", "title": "Water sports delay leaves tourists, operators disappointed", "text": "PANAJI: With the setting in of the Dussehra holidays, Indian tourists are flocking to Goan beaches hoping to have some fun. But their hopes were dissolved due to the near total absence of water sports activities on the state's shoreline. Water sports activities have not commenced despite the season beginning in the first week of October since the authorities are yet to issue licences to operators for this tourism season.The thousands of tourists who have come with their families were disappointed as they missed out on water sports activities. Youth and children were dejected. And water sports operators, too, claimed that they have suffered losses over the last one month. Normally, water sports activities commence around the end of September.The state government recently formulated a policy to keep a check on erring water sports operators on its coastline including enforcing a queue system following an order by the Bombay high court at Goa and has begun the process of moving files for issuing licences. This was done mainly to curb touts, undercutting of prices by rival operators and prevent accidents.The water sports association de Goa on Monday met captain of ports officials urging them to expedite the process of issuing licences. Varying estimates put the number of water sports operators at over 400, each having several registrations for different types of water sports activities. Also, several operators function without any licences, sources said.\"Usually, we start business by September-end or in the first week of October. This year, due to circumstances, including the matter being in court and the formulation of the water sports policy, we are going to start our business almost a month behind schedule,\" said Paul Silveira, president, water sports association de Goa.When TOI pointed out that some operators had already begun water sports activities without permission from the government, Silveira replied, \"One can't really blame them. They've taken bank loans, paid insurance policies, are paying staff salaries, besides other overheads. Water sports operators have already suffered losses due to the delay.\"When contacted, Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said, \"Tourism department officials are thick-skinned. They have been delaying issuing licences to water sports operators. They don't seem to be concerned about difficulties faced by water sports operators because of the delay in issuing licences which has affected the livelihood of the people. Tourists have been deprived of enjoying water sports in Goa.\"Silveira said that the captain of ports has begun moving files for issuing licences. Subsequently, operators have to also obtain permission from the fisheries department; those operating parasailing activities have to seek permission from the National Institute of Water sports (NIWS), and finally permission has to be sought from the tourism department. The government will also set up ticket kiosks which will dispense tickets and ensure collection of fees at one point. Goa's tourism season officially commenced with the first charter flights from Europe arriving last week.With inputs from Joseph Zuzarte", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16926266", "title": "Ravi Chopra hospitalised due to lung ailment", "text": "MUMBAI: Filmmaker Ravi Chopra has been admitted to the ICU of a city hospital due to a lung ailment.Ravi, 66, son of late producer-director B R Chopra has been reportedly diagnosed with a severe lung ailment.\"Yes, he is in the hospital and in ICU,\" Breach Candy hospital sources said.About his condition, sources said he was stable but refused to divulge any other information.Ravi has directed many films including 'Zameer' (1975), 'The Burning Train' (1980), 'Bhaghban' (2003) and 'Baabul' (2006) among others.He also produced Amitabh Bachchan starrer 'Bhoothnath' (2008). Ravi's uncle, filmmaker Yash Chopra passed away on Sunday here due to dengue and multiple organ failure.Yash Chopra was B R's younger brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16925174", "title": "Puja, Eid push up goat prices in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Traders of Jhumra Bazar, one of the biggest rural markets of the district and its adjoining areas, had never dreamt of that they would earn lakhs of rupees by selling a few sacrificial goats this year.The price of goats have gone up this year as the animals are in great demand because of two important festivals Durga Puja and Eid-ul-Zuha are falling within a gap of three days. Those who sacrifice goats to Goddess Durga on Navami have made a beeline to buy the animal, forcing the prices to push up exorbitantly.\"The minimum price of a sacrificing goat is around Rs 10,000 against the usual price of Rs 3,000 to Rs 5,000. But since two important festivals are almost clashing this year, there is a long queue in every market with buyers trying to fix the prices within their reach,\" said a Mohd Rizwan, a goat seller.Raghuvir Mahato, a buyer who went to buy a sacrificial goat, said they were finding it difficult to bring down the prices. \"As the prices of full grown goats were exorbitant, I bought a small one for around 10,000,\" he said.Muslims, too, who like every year start purchasing the goats in advance to avoid rising prices a day or two before the festival also feel the price pinch. This year, all limits have crossed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16922873", "title": "Devotees soak in puja fervour", "text": "PATNA: The state capital celebrated Mahaashtami with great devotion on Monday. A sea of humanity thronged the Durga Puja pandals, giving the look of a mega fair organized in the city. Loud music and beautiful decoration filled the devotees with great enthusiasm. While Patnaites dedicated the day to visiting Devi temples across the city, the night was spent visiting different pandals, which were tastefully decorated.As the dusk fell, devotees from different walks and strata of society made a beeline for various puja pandals in different parts of the city to pay obeisance to Goddess Durga and soak in the Puja fervour. The roads in main areas became chock-a-block with people in cars and utility vehicles, on scooters and motorcycles as also on foot making their way from one pandal to the other. Men and women, both young and old, and children were seen moving in the city till the early hours of the day, enjoying the occasion at roadside food stall and swings, and taking pictures of the lighting, pandals and idols.\"I have never felt so safe in Patna. It has totally changed, that's the reason I enjoyed late night outing with friends without anxious calls from parents,\" said Shweta Sinha, a graduation student.The BSEB ground became the hot spot for many youth and families on Monday, what with the presence of Bollywood actor Zarine Khan, who was performing at the dandiya programme organized by a local media consultant company. About 4,000 people participated in the programme, besides enjoying mouth-watering delicacies.The city cops maintained a vigil across the city. Even the areas with least movement of people were being patrolled, giving a feeling of safety to residents. The traffic was moving at a terribly slow pace at major locations with huge and prominent pandals like Sheikhpura, Raja Bazaar, Khajpura, Rukanpura, Jagdeo Path, Ashok Rajpath, Patna City, Kadamkuan, Nala Road, Boring Road crossing, Sai Mandir at Patliputra and Agamkuan. There were traffic diversions and restrictions at a few places, like between Dak Bungalow and Kotwali and towards Raja Bazaar from JD Women's College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16925634", "title": "All for that skin glow!", "text": "BHOPAL: This festive season, it's not just about clothes, jewellery and hairstyles. There is a rush to get that instant sparkle on skin for a perfect look. And its not just women, men too are in the race for that glow.Cosmetic dermatologists say skin rejuvenation procedures like microdermabrasion and chemical peeling are most the sought after treatments in the city this year.Married for almost a decade, Anita and Anshul Garg, both in their late 30's were hesitant to participate in Garba. To get a confidence boost, they bought new clothes and also went to a cosmetologist. \"We wanted to get rid of the signs of aging. At first I was hesitant but light cosmetic procedure has really worked for me,\" said Anshul Garg, a businessman.\"I opted for an exfoliating skin treatment combined with microdermabrasion,\" said Anita Garg. \"It cost both of us, close to Rs 10,000 but the shine is worth it.\"\"Light cosmetic procedure like microdermabrasion gets rid of facial lines and wrinkles while chemical peels help tighten and brighten skin,\" said dermatologist Dr Meenakshi Tandon.\"Quick fix treatment for a youthful appearance is in demand. Some procedures can be performed over lunch time too,\" said skin specialist Dr Sumit Soni.Replenishing the skin for lost moisture is attracting many doctors recommendation on the treatment based on skin type and other conditions, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920010", "title": "Drive against parking on main roads fizzles", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite Delhi Traffic Police's grand plan to start a drive on Monday to clear vehicles parked illegally on the main carriageway of some earmarked corridors, the cops appeared to have lost steam on the first day itself. While police had issued 245 challans in the seven stretches on Monday, locals from these areas claimed the Delhi Police drive was half-hearted as it took place only during morning. Though several challans were issued in the morning, when a TOI team visited some of these areas in the afternoon, vehicles appeared to have been parked on the main road as usual.Police had identified seven stretches where vehicles parked on the main carriageway would be issued a challan of Rs 600, as opposed to the usual Rs 100 challan. These stretches included outer and inner circles of Connaught Place, Ring Road between Moolchand and AIIMS, Vikas Marg, Dwarka Sector 4/12 and 6/10 markets and the Chandni Chowk main carriageway between Fountain and Townhall.While 50 challans were issued on Vikas Marg, 92 challans had been issued in Chandni Chowk. Dwarka and CP recorded 32 and 45 challans respectively while 26 challans were issued in Ring Road. \"Of these, 50 vehicles were also towed as the driver had left the car after parking it on the main carriageway. A total fine of Rs 1,38,000 was collected on Monday itself,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.\"There was much better discipline on Monday than earlier and the results were encouraging with large number of challans. It's a good start for the first day and this is a long-term commitment where challans will be issued on a continuous basis to instill discipline on roads, improving traffic flow . Currently staff is also deployed for the festival rush but on a regular day there would be more staff available,\" added Garg.Locals however disagreed. \"The so-called drive was only a token attempt for about an hour in Chandni Chowk where cops arrived around 11.30am and left by 1pm after which chaos reigned as usual. Worse, the traffic cops started issuing challans to vehicles from Esplanade road to Fountain contrary to their plan which was to be done from Fountain to Townhall only,\" said Sanjay Bhargav, general secretary of Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.\"There were no traffic signs for indicating no parking as promised by traffic police,\" he added.The situation was similar on Vikas Marg where illegally parked vehicles lined the main road underneath the various Metro stations along the route. Autos had also stopped underneath these stations, reducing the available road space for straight moving traffic.Traffic police had said they wanted to clear arterial roads of illegal parking and this was supposed to be the first phase of the project, which to later spread out across the main roads of the city. By slapping multiple sections, the cops wanted to impose a stiffer fine on such violators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921967", "title": "Breast cancer awareness group formed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Forever Vibrant, a group of cancer winners and cancer specialists, was launched on Monday to create awareness about prevention, early detection and the correct treatment of cancers. The group will initially target schools, colleges and kitty parties and other social platforms to propagate relevant information about cancer.The group has been formed by HCG Cancer Center and Aastha Oncology Associates. It will initially begin by observing the 'Breast Cancer Awareness Month'. Monday was observed as the Breast Cancer Day.\"Awareness is one of the main weapons against cancer. The Forever Vibrant group will work with dedication for one complete year to make a difference,\" said leading cancer surgeon Dr Kaustubh Patel.Breast cancer surgeon D G Vijay said that breast cancer affects 26 out of every 1 lakh adult women in India. \"In Gujarat, over 1 lakh women are detected with breast cancer every year. Majority of these are 45 years and above in age while breast cancer is now also increasingly being reported in women in their 30s,\" Dr Vijay said. Cancer surgeon specializing in women cancers, Dr Kalpana Kothari, said that breast and cervical cancers are the chief cancers affecting women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16925295", "title": "PLFI men give cops the slip following encounter in Gumla", "text": "Gumla: A group of People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) extremists gave security forces the slip following an encounter at Redwa village under the Kamdara police station of the district on Monday.Gumla subdivisional police officer (SDPO) D K Pande said the encounter occurred when a police team led by inspector BN Pande along with the officers in-charge of Kamdara, Basia and Sisai police stations -- Arjun Purty, Pradeep Chowdhary and Kuldeep Ram respectively -- arrived at Redwa village following a tipoff that a group of People's Liberation Front of India activists were on way to the village, located about 55 km from here, to conduct an operation.When the extremists arrived at the village at around 10 am an encounter ensued between PLFI ultras and the police team in which around 20- 25 rounds were fired were exchanged between both sides, thesubdivisional police officer (SDPO) said.There were 10- 12 People's Liberation Front of India men including commanders Martin Kerketta, Charka Munda and Sanjay Tigers, according to the subdivisional police officer .\"The PLFI cadres managed to escape. There was no casualty on either side,\" Pande said.The People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) has been very active in Kamdara and Basia areas while it has, of late, expanded its network in areas under the Gumla, Ghaghra, Bharno , Sisai and Raidih police stations of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16921816", "title": "More than 350 additional long-distance buses for Diwali", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tamil Nadu Transport Corporation, Coimbatore plans to operate more than 350 additional buses on long routes to accommodate the rise in number of passengers plying to various places on the occasion of Diwali.According to a senior transport official, the spare buses would be deployed along with the regular service. The corporation will operate 100 buses to Salem, 120 buses to Tiruchy, 40 buses to Ooty, 150 buses to Madurai, he said. The service would begin five days before Diwali and end five days after the festival.\"Train services are inadequate and omni buses charge excessive fares. As most south bound travelers are from lower and middle income groups working in textile units and foundries in Coimbatore, it is our duty to serve them by deploying more public transport vehicles,\" said a senior transport official.All south-bound buses will be operated from the Singanallur bus stand. Arrangements have already been made to ensure that every five minutes a bus leaves from Singanallur to Madurai and Trichy. No advance booking will be available in these routes.Meanwhile, buses bound for Hosur, Bangalore and Chennai will be operated from the Thiruvalluvar bus stand at Gandhipuram. According to TNSTC officials, at least 20,000 passengers travel by buses every day during the festival season. Eight percent of them are bound for Madurai and Trichy.The corporation has planned to deploy adequate policemen in each bus stand to manage the crowds. Queue system will be arranged at each bus stand. Reservation counters in the city will be open to the public from 8 am to 9 pm on all days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16922370", "title": "53-year-old was killed in feud over money: Cops", "text": "NASHIK: Feud over money was the reason for the murder of Deolali resident Mohammad Abdul Hamid Momin (53), whose body was found stuffed in a plastic drum, Indiranagar police said on Monday.The victim's body was found near the Indirangar Jogging Track on Saturday. That same day, Arafat Momin, relative of the deceased, and also a resident of Deolali Camp lodged a police complaint accusing Wasim Gani Shaikh of Sainath Nagar of killing Mohammad and subsequently disposing of his body.Arafat, in his complaint, also alleged athat the murder was a result of a financial dispute between the Mohammad and Shaikh.After the body was seized, a sniffer dog led cops to the Shaikh's residence, about 800 meters away from where the body was discovered. Cops also found marks of the drum at Shaikh's residence, but Shaikh was absconding following which a manhunt was launched.The police got a tip-off on Sunday that Shaikh was coming to Nashik from Mumbai. Subsequently, a trap was laid at Dwarka Point and the accused was nabbed.Police said that Mohammad Momin had lived in Dubai for a few years before settling in Nashik. He had often visited a foreign exchange centre to exchange his Dubai currency, where he got acquainted with Shaikh. The latter left that job, bu the two kept in touch with each other.The accused had taken took Rs 25,000 from Mohammad about three months ago. Mohammad had been repeatedly asking Shaikh to pay him back the amount borrowed.Cops said that on October 16, Mohammad had visited Shaikh at house to pick up the monthly instalment for monies owed. The two got into a heated argument, following which the accused strangulated Mohammad with a wire and stuffed his body in the drum which he abandoned the following day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16926381", "title": "Ludhiana U-19 cagers justify \u2018favourite' tag", "text": "LUDHIANA: The cagers from the city justified their consideration as the pre-tournament favourite by winning the U-19 basketball tournament at the 58th Punjab State School Games held at the indoor hall of Guru Nanak Dev Stadium on Monday. Ludhiana Basketball Academy defeated Amritsar in a lopsided match that ended 53-23.The LBA team had won all its matches coming into the final and exhibited exponential defense against promising attack of Amritsar dribblers. Long range shoots helped LBA boys edge past Amritsar in the final, which was a close contest until first half.Khushpreet Singh, who was the top scorer in the final with 18 points, pulled the match away from Amritsar with his consecutive three pointers in the second half. While Lovepreet Singh followed Khushpreet with eight points, Rahul Sharma scored the maximum nine points for Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16925740", "title": "Inaction forces ATS to shoot reminder to telecom body", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh Anti-Terrorist Squad (MPATS) has shot off second reminder to the telecom regulatory body after non-compliance of its previous recommendations for action against erring telecom companies.The Enforcement, Resource and Monitoring (TERM) cell - which functions under the department of telecommunication (DoT)-was asked to initiate penal action against five companies -TATA, Reliance, Vodafone, Idea and Aircel, by the ATS in connection with issuance of pre-paid SIM cards to alleged terrorists on fudged documents.MPATS and counter-Intelligence (CI) cell at the police headquarters (PHQ) are now contemplating to take the matter to higher officials of department of telecommunication (DoT) for immediate action, said sources.\"We had meetings and communications with the telecom regulatory body seeking action against these companies, but to no avail. They have not sent action taken report (ATR) on any of our communications so far,\" said an officer of CI unit, wishing anonymity. TERM cell officers were not available for their version.Recommendations for action were made following recovery of multiple pre-paid SIM cards from the alleged Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) and Indian Mujahedeen (IM) members arrested from Bhopal and Jabalpur last year. Investigations revealed that the accused Sheikh Mujeeb (Gujarat), Aslam (Khandwa), Habeeb (Ujjain,) Sajid (Ujjain), Abu Faizal (Mumbai), Ikrar (Ujjain), Mehboob (Khandwa) and Ezazuddin (Kareli) had obtained several such SIM cards based on fudged documents.In its report to the TERM Cell, MPATS has quoted several cases to substantiate their claims on how hundreds of pre-paid SIM cards were allotted 'illegally' using photocopies of legal documents submitted by genuine subscribers.One of the cases refers to identity of woman named Nagina, resident of 'House No. 420/1 Mandla'.\"IM activists were in possession of pre-paid SIMs registered in the name of Nagina. Over 200 SIM cards were operational on Nagina's address! Whose fault is it? The companies shifted onus on retailers and retailers shifted onus on companies when it comes to accountability,\" said an ATS officer. Similarly, hundreds of SIM cards were issued on documents of Laxmi and Asha, both residents of Bhopal. Both were unaware until ATS officers knocked on their doors for verification. None of these two women ever thought that their documents were used for giving mobile connections to terrorists, said sources.The MPATS is also looking forward to submit its second charge-sheet against the alleged IM and SIMI activists along with the representatives of the cell phone companies found responsible for facilitating them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921162", "title": "9 cops injured as van rams into pipeline", "text": "MUMBAI: Nine police personnel were injured, two of them seriously, after the van they were travelling in rammed into a water pipeline on Monday. The incident occurred around 5.30pm between Filterpada and Vihar Lake in Powai, when the cops were returning to the Marol police headquarters after handing over custody of an accused to Thane jail post a court hearing, said the Powai police.Locals who witnessed the accident immediately called up the police control room. A Powai police team took the injured cops to the Fortis Hospital.\"Three cops were discharged after getting medical assistance for minor injuries. Two are in the intensive care unit (ICU) with head injuries, while four have been shifted to the general ward with hand and leg fractures,\" said Powai police inspector Yaqoob Mulla.The driver of the van reportedly lost control of the vehicle while he was trying to avoid hitting an iron rod jutting out on one side of the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922793", "title": "Spotlight on women education in UP", "text": "A book 'Muslim leadership and women's education Uttar Pradesh, 1886-1947' by Nasreen Ahmad, wife of Mumtaz Ahmad, a retired IPS officer, who served as director-general, was released by Begum Hamida Habibullah on Monday. Padmashree Dr Mansoor Hasan, S Ammar Rizvi and Begum Abdul Wasey Khan were guests of honour on the occasion.Mock drill at Mall: A mock drill was organised at Fun Republic Mall on Monday morning. When chief fire officer RD Yadav received the news of a fire breaking out at Fun Republic Mall, he immediately rushed to the location along with his team and fire tender. He was surprised to see that it was a mock drill organised by the Mall management. The mock fire was extinguished properly by the fire fighting team under the supervision of Yadav and fire safety officer Shesh Nath Yadav.Arthritis workshop: A workshop on 'Complicated THR surgeries for the orthopaedic surgeons' at Fordd Hospital. Around 20 orthopaedic surgeons from across the state participated in the workshop and deliberations were made on hip replacement procedures. Dr Vijay Bose, a renowned hip replacement surgeon practising at Apollo Hospital, Chennai, said that a new research has shown that the average age of patients suffering from arthritis has been coming down steadily and that now more and more patients from younger age groups like 40-45 years have started to get arthritis pain either in their hip joint because of sedentary lifestyle and lack of regular exercise regime.Lifestyle expo: Lucknow Round table 136 and Lucknow Ladies Circle 84 are jointly organising 'Panache', a lifestyle expo, on October 25. Panache, which is organised annually, will bring the best of western and ethnic fashion, lifestyle products from across the country to Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16924999", "title": "Global Investors Summits: An opportunity for government, investors", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh has taken an ambitious initiative to attract national and international investors for setting up industrial as well as service-based firms in the state. In its bid to promote the industrial and investment milieu, the state government has been conducting Global Investors Summits (GIS) for more than three years.In terms of area, MP is the second largest state in the country and is rich with huge natural resources and most fertile agricultural land area. The state saw fast growth on infrastructural fronts in terms of road connectivity especially national highways and state highways besides good train and air connectivity with all the major cities in the state. The Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana has improved the connectivity between the villages and all the major cities helping the development reach the rural parts of MP.MP is rich with natural resources including iron, copper, magnesium ores, coal, limestone, dolomite, marble, granite and even diamonds. The agricultural land is so fertile that fetches good yield from cash crops like cotton, soybean and sugarcane. Apart from this, the state tops in the production of food-grains like wheat, gram and maize in the country.There are vast opportunities to develop core industries related to cement, iron, steel, power, textile and food products in the state.MP is one of the few states in the country that is committed to provide uninterrupted power supply to industries. This is a very big commitment on the part of the state government to the industries.The state has a vast potential of skilled and educated manpower now. Almost one lakh technical graduates pass out every year from various varsities in the state while the number of basic graduates is three times during the same period. IIT-Indore and IIM-Indore are feathers in its crown of glory.Government policies in the state have become investment-friendly for industries as well as service sector establishments. To promote investment, there is an empowered apex-level committee, which is headed by the chief minister with ministries of commerce and industry and finance as its other members. The committee is evaluating proposals of investment with customized solutions provided to the investors. The committee has gone a step ahead and met a number of present as well as future investors during last 3 months and tried to understand the basic requirement for the investment, industry and service sectors in the state.GIS is the most effective tool for MP government as well as investors to understand each other's requirements and hence the efforts to improve the overall investment milieu in the state and I strongly feel that the summit will achieve success in its goal.(The author is chairman of Madhya Pradesh Textile Mills Associations)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16925207", "title": "Local lad wins French Grand Open International Chess", "text": "INDORE: Akshit Khamparia, a 24-year-old chess international master, has been eyeing 2400 Elo Rating after winning the 14th French Grand Open International Chess Championship, held at La Reunion, St. Denis.This city-based boy has won a lot of accolades for Indore at international-level. The latest championship in which he participated was 14th French Grand Open International Chess Championship from October 6th to 14{+t}{+h}, where he defeated Germany's grand master Hecht Johansen and local chess champ Emmanuel Reinhardt and garnered 8.5 out of nine rounds, which made him the titleholder of the Championship. About 80 players from 10 countries participated in the championship.\"It's always a proud moment when I keep winning such championships at International level and make my city and country proud. And registering victories over far experienced players, especially the grand masters of a country, boosts more confident\", said Akshit talking to TOI. He was the only Indian invited at the French Grand open.\"I have been playing chess since my childhood and it was my favourite past-time during summers\", said the professional chess player, adding that his uncle taught him the moves and many of his family members encouraged him to take the sport on a serious note.He played his first chess championship at Sangli, Maharashtra, in the U-8 category where he won the first game at the national level. A commerce graduate and a PG in management, Akshit believes that chess is a game which also helped him in his studies, as it enhances concentration and sharpens memory.\"Chess is a game which teaches you how to plan strategies and has aided me in improving in my studies\" says Akshit.Akshit loves reading and table Tennis. He is the only player from the central India to have excelled at this level and his current Elo rating is 2382. \"I want to make my Elo rating to 2400 from 2382, which can spring to grand master title\", says Akshit excitedly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920008", "title": "IP Extension to pick 4th Ramlila demon by voting", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Sri Ramlila Committee Indraprastha Vistar, which organizes the popular IP Extension Ramlila, burns a fourth effigy every year that symbolizes the most significant problem affecting Delhiites. This year, the issues affecting the common man are corruption, FDI in retail and power bills. A voting will decide which one of these will burn on October 24.This Ramlila is over 15 years old. \"We have a special performance on Ravana installing a shivling in Jharkhand this time. By Monday evening, the voting for 'Aaj Ka Ravana' will also be completed and a decision will be reached by Tuesday,\" said Suresh Bindal, president of the committee.The audience on Monday evening saw Vibhishana leave his brother Ravan for Ram, the emergence of Ramesharam and the Ram Setu, and the fight between Lakshman and Meghnad.Security was tight at the Ramlila as 50,000 people were expected to turn up at the DDA grounds near National Victor School in Patparganj. The Ramlila started with a kirtan on October 16 and will end on October 25. \"Every year, we have two new performances, which are mostly Kashak-based. We have installed CCTVs in several points and there are three exit gates as per Delhi Police guidelines,\" added Subhash Gupta of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926156", "title": "Sameera's Chakravyuh item number to raise temperature", "text": "From what we hear, Sexy Sameera Reddy has certainly gone all out to make the song Kunda Khol a once-in-a-lifetime performance in Prakash Jha's Chakravyuh.The song, choreographed by Ganesh Acharya set and shot in Bhopal will see Sameera in a purely desi avatar and has some fast paced steps that are sure to enthral and entice the audience. But it was not an easy task for the actor as it took long hours of practice spread over two weeks and draining her out completely, resulting in drastic weight loss, Sam still thinks it was all worth it after seeing the final take of the song.The actor was delighted when the ace director approached her for the song and had readily agreed to be part of the film that also features Arjun Rampal , Manoj Bajpai , Abhay Deol , Esha Gupta and Anjali Patil in the main lead.Sameera though has been selective in her films but it was her role in Musafir that has been remembered till date.Listen to Chakravyuh songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921265", "title": "Improved walkway on Laxmi Road likely", "text": "PUNE: The busy Laxmi Road will soon have an improved pedestrian walkway. The road department of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has proposed to implement the works for which it has recently invited quotations from private contractors.The PMC will provide railings for the pedestrian walkway and complete other traffic works to ensure safe movement of pedestrians. The work will be completed in six months after the PMC appoints a contractor. At present, temporary barricades have been put up by the traffic police to provide a walkway for citizens.Last year, just before the Diwali season, the PMC and the traffic police had jointly proposed to implement a walking plaza on the 800-metre road stretch from the City Post to the Umbrya Ganapati chowk on weekends.The idea was to ban movement of vehicles on this stretch. However, the plan was abandoned after stiff opposition from a section of traders and corporators. PMC officials had said the proposed walking plaza would be implemented after Diwali. However, the plan never materialised.During the festive season, there is a huge crowd of shoppers on Laxmi Road, but people are not able to walk freely or safely due to heavy vehicular traffic and parking along the road, traffic officials said. They said additional manpower will be deployed to ensure that four-wheelers are not parked along the road, as is the case at present.Traffic officials added that currently there is no decision to implement a walking plaza on the road.Meanwhile, former corporator and former chairman of the erstwhile Pune Municipal Transport Ravindra Malwadkar has suggested that to ensure better mobility of people, traffic authorities and autorickshaw unions should implement share-an-autorickshaw plans in the Peth areas.Traffic problems are caused due to huge rush of people and large number of vehicles on the narrow roads in the heart of the city that are the main commercial and shopping areas, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16922951", "title": "Alandur court complex begins to leak again", "text": "CHENNAI: Heavy rain over the past few days has exposed the 'shoddy construction work' at the Alandur court complex.Ceilings, floors,cupboards and court halls are wet.This is not the first time the 8.6 crore combined court complex , opened in July 2011, has been inundated. In October 2011, public works department (PWD ) engineers were called in after seepage was detected on walls in court halls and administrative rooms. \"After doing the repairs, PWD officials said the problem was a minor one and would not repeat. Now, water from the roof has seeped into switchboards in most rooms and we are scared to operated the switches,\" a court official said on Monday.Around 22,500 cases, including 12,500 criminal suits, are pending at the court and officials are concerned about the thousands of case documents and other important files stored in the court complex . Many have already got wet.Almost all places in the complex , including litigants ' waiting hall , verandas and clerk rooms where case documents and other important files are placed , are leaking. Seepage from the roof stagnated on the tiled floors , officials said . Litigants , advocates and judges found the entire premises slippery. Sweepers had a tough time trying to make the area dry . The intermittent rain compounded their task . \"All of us have to wade through waistdeep water into the court whose level is lower than that of the road . It reflects the poor work done by PWD,\" said S Arumugam, a litigant.The court , inaugurated on July last , had earlier been functioning from a 1982-built municipal building . The new court has separate rooms for two principal district munsif judges , a district magistrate , a fast track court and an evening court .Everyday ,on an average ,over 150cases relatedto petty offences and traffic violations come up at the Alandur court .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16922138", "title": "Bakers to promote traditional snacks", "text": "KOCHI: With various fast food varieties getting popular among youth in the state, the body of bakers in the state is on a mission to promote traditional snacks too.The association will give special attention to packing and making these food items attractive as part of the plan. It is the Bakers Association Kerala (Bake), an association representing bakers in the state, who have taken initiative in this regard. The association said they were successful in promoting the traditional snacks in the Malabar region. Now they are planning to promote them in other parts of the state too. As part of this plan, bakers would tie-up with cottage industries in villages and housewives to supply traditional snacks of the state. \"As part of our plans, we have directed all those who are supplying various food products to the bakeries to register under the Food Safety and Standards Act. It will ensure quality food products in the bakeries,\" said P M Sankaran president. He feels that it is the poor packing that had led to the fall in demand for traditional snacks such as unniyappam and neyyappam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920946", "title": "5 Nagpur Municipal Corporation squads raid godowns to check octroi evasion", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) busted two rackets engaged in octroi evasion on October 10 and 14. To check for more such rackets, five squads searched many godowns in Central Nagpur and seized 97 parcels on Monday. Verification of goods and related documents is underway and is likely to end with detection of a couple of more rackets engaged in octroi evasion.Until now, such drives were conducted only by officials of octroi department. For the first time, on Monday, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane engaged additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare and assistant commissioners of zones Mahesh Moroney (Dharampeth Zone), Mahesh Dhamecha (Dhantoli), Subhashchandra Jaidev (Laxmi Nagar) and Ganesh Rathod (Lakadganj) in the octroi evasion verification drive.Wardhane took the decision after the detection of the racket on October 10 and implemented the new system on Monday. Such raids will continue now, sources said.Assistant commissioner (octroi) Milind Meshram, who was part of one of the five squads, said the drive commenced at 8am and ended by evening. \"All five squads searched over 10 godowns each. Rathod led a squad with octroi inspectors Sanjay Mendule and Sumer Gajbhiye to verify a truck (RJ-11/5797) of Nagpur Freight Carrier at its godown. They seized 58 parcels of clothes, cooker, motor parts and electrical goods for verification. Similarly, Moroney's squad with octroi inspector Dilip Mate seized 10 parcels for verification. Jaidev and his squad comprising octroi inspector Chahande searched godowns but found no irregularity. Squad led by me and Dhamecha along with Jitendra Tomar verified two vehicles of New Golden Transport (HR-55/L-65360 and HR-73/1196) and seized seven parcels of clothes, nine of cycle parts, five of surgical/sports goods, seven parcels of bags and one parcel of hardware material for verification,\" he said.Meshram said the new system will help increase revenue and control octroi evasion. \"The civic chief asked the assistant commissioners of all ten zones to participate in the drives and assist octroi department. Wardhane has set a target of Rs2 crore revenue per day from octroi,\" he said.The octroi department is the biggest revenue earning department in NMC and contributes 50% of the revenue. Any increase in revenue will give scope for new development projects in the city. NMC is also taking up the issue of evasion from railway route and is likely to follow up with the Central Railway for introduction of a system implemented at Mumbai for collecting octroi at the railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16924602", "title": "Art workshop in Sambalpur", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Sambalpur is celebrating a colourful Durga Puja with its artists gathering together to express their feelings on canvas this festive season.Over 30 painters assembled at Sakhipada Hanuman temple on Sunday to participate in a workshop titled 'My Sambalpur' where they depicted the beauty of the town with paint and brush.The Sambalpur Working Artists' Association (SWAA) organized the workshop. \"This is our attempt to add colour to the festive mood,\" said SWAA president Pramod Mishra. Sambalpur boasts of various art institutions but due to lack of patronage they are struggling to survive. \"There are hundreds of M F Hussains in the country, but it is difficult to bring them to the limelight due to lack of support and sponsorship. So we have decided to promote young artists of the locality,\" said SWAA secretary Nrusinghnath Nayak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16921257", "title": "Himachal Pradesh assembly polls: BJP promises induction plates to 16L households", "text": "SHIMLA: The decision of UPA government to reduce the number of subsidized LPG cylinders to six in a year has turned people in rural areas of Himachal Pradesh towards traditional mode of cooking \u2014 using wood as fuel. Spotting an opportunity amid growing resentment against the UPA decision, the BJP has promised free induction plates (for cooking) to 16 lakh households if returned to power in the state.Releasing the manifesto, chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal on Monday said, \"I cannot reduce the price of LPG cylinders as decision has to be taken by the Union government. But I can assure that BJP government would definitely reduce the burden by providing induction cooker to every household which would reduce the dependence on LPG. It would be a cheaper option as it would consume only 2 unit of power per day and in Himachal power is already available at cheaper rates.\"Even though the Himachal Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission has recommended that BPL families be provided power up to 40 units at Rs 2.50 per unit and those above poverty line at Rs 2.85 per unit for up to 40 units, actually subsidized power to BPL for first 40 units is supplied at Rs 0.70 per unit and other categories get it for Rs 1 per unit. This has become possible with the state government paying Rs 190 crore to the state electricity board this year to compensate for the subsidy provided.The party manifesto also promises free pilgrimage to senior citizens every five years. At present, people visiting government hospitals are forced to buy medicines from private chemists. BJP has promised to ensure distribution of free medicines in government hospitals to all category of patients. \"Five new super specialty hospitals would also be opened in the state,\" Dhumal announced.To woo the unemployed youth and agriculture section, the chief minister announced that loan would be provided at 2% interest and in cases where people fail to furnish the guarantee, government would stand as guarantor.BJP promises:Ensure environment audit in areas facing environment degradation threatPromote use of solar heater and solar cooker by increasing subsidyIncrease seats in two medical colleges at IGMC, Shimla , and Dr RPGMC, Tanda, in Kangra districtLevy generation tax on power projects for mobilize resourcesSeek 12% free share of power from hydro projects set up in the state before 1990Ply 500 new buses in the state, especially in rural areasImplement Citizen Charter or Public Service Guarantee Act in all public dealing officesCreate new districts according to needExtend 80% subsidy on construction of polyhouses for next three years by providing Rs 190 croresCreate 10 lakh jobs in the next five yearsLoan up to Rs 1 lakh on 2% interest to unemployed youthTo promote sports, provide training to 500 players in each district; double sports budget; and build a stadium in each district", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "zirakpur", "code": "16922365", "title": "58 booked for parking cars on NH-22", "text": "ZIRAKPUR: Cracking the whip on cars that were parked illegally on national highway-22, Zirakpur police on Monday evening registered FIRs against 58 persons who had stationed their vehicles outside a newly-opened wholesale store here.The police said the action was taken in the wake of National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) guidelines.\"The cars, belonging to the residents of Mohali, Zirakpur, Chandigarh and Panchkula, were parked along the national highway connecting Zirakpur with Ambala. The unauthorized parking caused traffic jams on the stretch. We have the registration numbers of all the vehicles. Action will be taken soon,\" said Tirlochan Singh, station house officer of Zirakpur.The FIRs were registered under Section 283 of the IPC (whoever, by doing any act, or by omitting to take order with any property in his possession or under his charge, causes danger, obstruction or injury to any person in any public way or public line of navigation). In the last 15 days, police have booked around 25 owners of big companies in Zirakpur and Derabassi for making parking spaces and slip roads illegally on national highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bijnore", "code": "16922789", "title": "Team Uma peeved over UP BJP leaders' cold response", "text": "BIJNORE: The 13-day UP leg of Ganga Samagra Yatra led by senior BJP leader Uma Bharati that ended on Monday evening may have galvanized the cadre living on the banks of the holy river, but has certainly failed to impress the state party leaders.The yatra, planned by senior RSS functionaries with an aim to ensuring that the Ganga could be saved from further pollution, was supposed to be an apolitical one, but on the last day, the firebrand leader tried to mix some politics when she went to village where two saints were killed and demanded swift action from the state government.Beginning the day from Sukrataal in Muzaffarnagar where the yatra had taken a night halt, she was informed by locals about the murders of two saints at Mallpur village. She immediately changed track and went to the village, served ultimatum on the district and police officials to nab the accused in a week's time. Her cavalcade then moved towards Bijnor. At once place, sitting BJP MLA Kunwar Bhartendru Singh joined the cavalcade, but it failed to enthuse the locals.The unhappiness over the response was palpable on the faces of yatra members. They were especially unhappy with the UP BJP leader who never showed any interest in the yatra. \" In fact, the response in Bihar was much better,\" they say, asking \"when senior Bihar BJP leaders like state president CP Thakur and deputy chief minister Sushil Modi could share the dais with the her, why couldn't UP leaders?\" Yatra in charge in UP, Shiv Pratap Shukla, also admitted that the response in UP could have been better. However, Uma Bharti's media manager Rajesh Katiyar refused to buy such accusations and said that the yatra in UP also got a good response.However, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi said that the party supported Uma as much as it could have. \"Na mike, na manch (No dais sharing and no speeches on mike) was the clear instruction from the sangh functionaries, who were the brain behind the yatra, he said, adding \"we did our best as per the instructions.\" On sparse presence of supporters or people during Uma's addresses, Bajpayi said that the focus of the state BJP was on \"quality and not on quantity.\"Probably aware of the lukewarm response in the politically volatile state, Uma in a lighter vein said that she had transformed from a firebrand leader to \"water brand\" as her campaign was to save Ganga's water. \"I have sought support from politicians across party lines on the issue of saving Ganga and all of them have promised to support the cause,\" Uma said and added this is her second biggest movement after Ayodhya movement. However, she didn't forget to dabble into the FDI issue: \"Crores of people residing on the banks of river Ganga get employment by way of fairs and makeshift stalls and other petty businesses, which FDI-in-retail cannot do even in 100 years.\"Commenting on the yatra, a political analyst said that when state BJP leaders were themselves feeling insecure as the party's popularity graph has sunk, how could one expect them to actively participate in a yatra led by Uma Bharti , a first-time MLA from Charkhari in UP, all the more when they had still not been able to openly welcome her debut in the state politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16922624", "title": "\u2018Nine colleges not assessed in 15 years\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: President of the Maharashtra Teaching and Non-teaching Staff Association, Pravin Mahajan, has threatened to move the HC if the assistant director of higher education and the ministry of higher education did not take cognizance of the fact that nine colleges in the district had not been assessed by Pune University since 10-15 years.Mahajan, an employee of one of the colleges, procured information through the Right to Information ( RTI) Act. \"The grant for salary was being given by the university, though the staff had not approved. The excess amount was never shown and fresh grant was taken the next year. In nine colleges, there has been no assessment in the past 15 years. If the matter is not resolved at the earliest, I will file a PIL in the HC,\" said Mahajan.The nine colleges are MSG College, Malegaon (no assessment since 10 years), Arts, Commerce and Science College, Satana (not assessed since 14 years), Arts, Commerce and Science College, Yeola (not assessed since 15 years), Arts and Commerce College, Malegaon (not assessed since 10 years), LVH College, Panchavati, Nashik (not assessed since 14 years), Arts, Commerce and Science College, Manmad (not assessed since 15 years), Arts, Commerce and Science College, Nampur (not assessed since 10 years), Shrimati PH Hiray College, Malegaon (not assessed since 10 years) and K B Hiray Law College, Malegaon (not assessed since 10 years).Assistant director of higher education S S Shete said that assessment will be done in 2-3 months. \"We are short of staff and are overloaded with work. ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16925653", "title": "Plans to tackle parking woes hang fire", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC), so far, has no immediate plans to relieve the commuters from the increasing parking woes in the city. Due to lack of space and planning, increasing vehicular population in the city is responsible for the parking menace. Officials, now, are feeling helpless in finding a solution to tackle the issue, BMC officials said.\"Vehicular population in Bhopal is constantly on rise. With the existing space not sufficing the needs of the development plans, so far we do not have an immediate plan to free the commuters from the parking menace,\" G P Mali, additional commissioner said.\"We can convert a large ground into parking space near the shopping hubs of the city, which is not available or we need to develop at least half a dozen multi-level parking spaces across the city, which is not affordable for the corporation,\" he added.MP Nagar, city's commercial hub, which is jammed with vehicles parked on the roadside, is in need of multi-level parking. Three years on, the corporation is still looking for a suitable parking space here, but in vain.\"The corporation had planned a four-storey parking opposite Arch Manor hotel in MP Nagar zone I, but had to drop the proposal due to legal complications,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.The construction of a three-storey parking in MP Nagar zone II, opposite Jyoti talkies is also on hold since last three years due to disapproval from the town and country planning department.Even though, the New Market multi-level parking on the 2.5 acre of land of the social justice department is in pipeline, the corporation is waiting for a private party to take the contract after which the construction of the multi-level parking here will commence, officials informed.\"We are developing this multi-level parking on a public private partnership (PPP) model, as the corporation is not financially strong to develop a multi-level parking independently. This project will take at least a year to come on ground,\" Mali said.The corporation has commenced construction of a three-storey multi-level parking in Ibrahimpura area of old Bhopal which is expected to be completed by this year end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16920325", "title": "Kerala teacher defies dress diktat, moves rights panel", "text": "KOCHI: A Muslim teacher of a government-aided school, suspended for not following the management diktat to cover herself with either a purdah or with a green-coloured overcoat, has approached State Human Rights Commission for justice.\"The school management insisted that I wear a green coat and issued a showcause notice asking me to give reasons for not wearing light green-coloured coat or purdah introduced for teachers. Though not happy I decided I would wear my doctor son's white overcoat instead of green to school,\" Jameela K, mathematics teacher at Sullamussalam Oriental High School in Malappuram in northern Kerala, who was suspended on October 20.Jameela said the dress code was forcibly introduced at the beginning of the academic year and it hurt the sentiments of several female teachers who saw it as an affront considering that they always used to come to school decently dressed. \"If the idea behind introducing the overcoat was to protect teachers from students' prying eyes, why should I be suspended because I didn't wear a green overcoat,\" asked Jameela.Her suspension order says she has been placed under suspension for 15 days for \"grave charges of indiscipline and disobedience\". The school management claimed that Jameela was not suspended for violating the dress code. \"We took disciplinary action against her as she raised baseless allegations against us,\" said school management committee member P Sakkariya.The State Human Rights commission has asked deputy director of Education, Malappuram, to submit an inquiry report. \"Prima facie, the school management's move is a clear violation of human rights as each and every individual has the right to decide what to wear. The decision to introduce greet uniform coat would only lead to further communal divide among people in the state', said SHRC member K E Gangadharan.School headmistress Najma N V said, \"The controversy was uncalled for as we had introduced asparagus colour overcoats and not green. It was unanimously decided by the staff and teachers and is not done to appease any political party.\"But Najma in a letter to Jameela on August 13 had clearly stated, \"As per the directions of the manager, I have been asked to serve a showcause notice to those who are not wearing the uniform coat (light green in colour) or black purdah introduced by the school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16922580", "title": "Road safety drive to take off in colleges after Diwali", "text": "NASHIK: The regional transport office (RTO)'s bud in October to train collegians over defensive driving techniques have failed to materialise with colleges allowing time for the workshops only in December.\"Colleges have scheduled several programmes after the Diwali vacation, including the workshops,\" deputy RTO Jayant Patil said.The RTO had decided to conduct the workshops to contain street accidents caused by youths driving rashly. The transport body also wanted to raise awareness about vehicle parking and citizens' role in traffic management. The plan involved aggressively promoting safety message across the colleges in the city, with special focus on BYK and RYK colleges, department officials said adding that the responsibility to conduct the workshops had been handed over to motor training schools.\"The motor training schools will be conducting the workshops where they could also market themselves,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16920941", "title": "Leopard intrudes into Chanda town, kills goat", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Terror prevailed in Gautamnagar locality close to famous Mahakali temple on Monday afternoon after a leopard killed a goat in the shrubby area near the habitation. Panicked residents, with the help of NGO activists, searched the entire area for the leopard, but failed to trace the beast and its kill.Gautamnagar, much known for red light settlement, is located on the bank of Zarpat river. While thick human habitation surrounds the locality, a narrow patch of shrubby land connects it to the Junona jungle. There is a big patch of revenue land leased to couple of industrialists in the area. The land is however abandoned since decades and dominated by thick shrubs. People in the area use it to answer nature's call and grazing their cattle.A woman had taken her goats for grazing to the shrubby land in the afternoon. Suddenly a leopard pounced at one her goats and took it into dense foliage. The terror-stricken shepherd rushed back to settlement and raised an alarm. \"The shrubby land is dominated with the domestic boars. Hence leopards get lured and dare to intrude into the area,\" said local wildlife activist Mangesh Lahmge who lives in the area.Honorary wildlife warden Bandu Dhotre with his team immediately rushed to the spot and searched entire area, but failed to locate the leopard or its kill. They however found blood stains which confirm the cattle kill. \"This place is close to famous temple of Mahakali, the patron deity of the town. Thousands of devotees throng this temple during Navratri. Presence of leopard in the area is a threat to their lives,\" he said.Dhotre demanded that municipal corporation or owner of the land should clear the shrubs spread in several hectares to nullify the leopard's threat. Forest authorities however appear less apprehensive about the leopard presence. They have put no cage to capture the beast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921884", "title": "MoEF won\u2019t move SC to seek changes in green, forest clearance norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment and forests ministry (MoEF) will not approach the Supreme Court to alter its judgment on norms for environment and forest clearances, minister Jayanthi Natarajan said on Monday.Natarajan told reporters here that, \"The ministry has already accepted the orders of the Supreme Court in the Lafarge case. It ensures fait accompli situations do not arise. There is no question of my ministry asking the court to review the orders.\"The apex court, in the Lafarge order, had laid down some principles for the green ministry granting clearances to industries that require forestlands. The court had ordered that environmental clearances under the Environment (Protection) Act should not be given to industries, which need forestlands and have not secured the nod under the Forest Conservation Act.The order had ensured that industries do not come up even after much investment had been sunk into projects.Linking the two clearances had got the industry agitated and several arms of the government, including the group of ministers on large projects and coal mining, and the PMO raised the red flag.But Natarajan strongly denied that her ministry was contemplating moving the court to dilute its ruling.The infrastructure ministries have been up in arms against the linkage between the two clearances and several other provisions that require a more elaborate scrutiny of proposals. This had also led the finance ministry to prepare a Cabinet note on the National Investment Board (NIB), which was in principle backed by the PMO as well. But Natarajan had opposed the move in a letter to the PM, warning that it would subvert the decision-making process, existing legal provisions as well as apex court orders.On Monday, she refused to discuss her letter to the PM, saying, \"I will speak to the Prime Minister about the reservations we have on the issue. Whatever I have to say, I will say it in the Cabinet... to the Prime Minister,\" adding, \"but, I will protect the interest of the environment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/kozhikode", "code": "16923930", "title": "State to launch silvo-fishery in Nov", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram/KOZHIKODE: Kerala is set to launch silvo-fishery, a concept of integrated mangrove-aquaculture cultivation practised in Indonesia and Thailand , next month. The Union ministry of science and technology has sanctioned Rs 1.03 crore for the project, to be implemented in nine coastal districts of the state.\"A total of 45 hectares will be brought under mangrove cultivation under this three-year-long project. This integrated mangrove conservation project will factor in aspects of socio-economic development of village life and environmental protection,\" Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment executive vice-president Prof V N Rajasekharan Pillai said.Centre For Water Resources Development And Management (CWRDM) scientist, officer-in-charge and principal investigator of the project Dr Suvarna Kumari said the integrated mangrove-aquaculture project would be implemented in select areas in Thiruvananthapuram , Kollam, Alappuzha, Ernakulam, Thrissur, Kannur, Malappuram, Kozhikode and Kasaragod. \"The plan is to cultivate mangroves in five hectares in each district and the chief minister is expected to launch the project next month,\" she said. Mangrove conservation would help in prevention of soil erosion and water purification by maintaining the oxygen balance. \"Though fish culture is carried out in brackish waters, it requires adequate oxygen content as they grow,\" she added.The CWRDM has also got approval for another project involving participation of farmers to demonstrate and evaluate drip fertigation technique - the method of making use of the irrigation system to supply dissolved fertilizers to crops. Its water management and agriculture division will implement the project at a cost of Rs 85.03 lakh in Kasaragod, Kozhikode, Malappuram, Palakkad, Thrissur, Ernakulam, Idukki, Alappuzha and Thiruvananthapuram. Experts will conduct demonstration classes for farmers about the water saving-cum-crop yield and quality-enhancing method of fertilizer application through drip fertigation technique.CWRDM executive director Dr N B Narasinhaprasad said they had reached an agreement with the agriculture and fisheries departments for the project implementation.\"A detailed plan about implementation will be chalked out at a meeting to be held with experts and officials in the field. The selection of beneficiaries for both the schemes will be held soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922383", "title": "Ex-minister to head state women's commission?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has finally started filling up vacancies in the various government bodies by nominating party leaders. According to sources, the CM has cleared the appointment of former minister Mandali Buddha Prasad as chairman of the official language committee. Similarly, N Rajyalakshmi, former minister and wife of former chief minister N Janardhan Reddy, is to be appointed chairperson of the state women's commission.PCC general secretary Abid Rasul Khan is slated to be appointed chairman of the minorities commission. Orders are expected to be issued anytime after Tuesday. Some more public sector bodies are expected to be filled with party leaders in a day or two, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16924051", "title": "Salman, Priyanka to groove in Dubai", "text": "The new '5am friends' Salman and Priyanka will perform on stage in the same showFollowing speculations of their '5am friendship' ever since they were clicked together in the wee hours of the morning, it comes as no surprise that the two of them are ready to work together again. Come December, they will star together in a show to be held in Dubai.While the performances of Salman and Priyanka are still being finalised, the indications are that the two may not shake a leg together per se. Said a source, \"However, everything is not finalised on the show itinerary. As of now, it is being touted as simply a big event in Dubai with Salman and Priyanka toplining it. What thus clearly follows is that Salman approved of Priyanka's presence in the show.\"The show in question is being organised by a local Dubai organiser.While Priyanka will fly to Dubai from Hyderabad, where she will be shooting for Zanjeer, Salman will begin his air journey from Mumbai.Salman and Priyanka will be working on the same project after the longest time. The two have never worked together after the dud God Tussi Great Ho in 2008.According to rumours, the once good friends fell out when Salman helped Katrina Kaif to bag a lead role in Namastey London , which Priyanka was supposed to do. The incident, according to industry insiders, led to such a big a rift between them that delayed God Tussi... by almost a year.As time rolled by, Salman was also not happy with Priyanka's good equation with Shah Rukh Khan . While promoting Bodyguard, he took a dig at Priyanka saying that Kareena Kapoor is the real 'Desi Girl', a nickname that Priyanka has had since Dostana days.All's well that ends well. The latest whispers in Bollywood are that the two will star opposite each other in a film, soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921948", "title": "Congress woos unskilled, skilled labour with welfare promise", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Congress on Monday promised to set up a welfare board for the unorganized sector and earmark special zones for roadside hawkers and pedlars in all cities. It also vowed to provide group insurance cover and identity cards to all workers in organized and unorganized sectors.Gujarat Congress president Arjun Modhwadia on Monday said if Congress was voted to power, minimum wages for the organized sector will be increased and the Labour Acts would be made more stringent. The party will also set up Fast Track Labour Courts to expedite disposal of labour cases.Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee leaders, including Modhwadia, Shankersinh Vaghela, and leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil on Monday, announced the eleventh point under their 'Gujarat Praja Vikas Darshan-2012' which covered workers issues in the organized and unorganized sector, hawkers, pedlars and rickshaw drivers. They said the party will also cover all labourers, rickshaw drivers and pedlars under a group insurance scheme, and all of them would be issued identity cards. Modhwadia said special zones will be earmarked in every area where they could conduct business. A special protection system would also be devised to provide prevent harassment by police and civic authorities. Special parking zones with amenities would be created for rickshaw drivers also.Modhwadia said, \"In urban and rural areas hawkers, pedlars and handcart owners are doing business under constant threat from the administration. The central government has 'Vendor Policy - 2009', but Gujarat government has failed to implement the policy. Once Congress is voted to power it will implement the policy.\"He said over 50% of the state's people were involved in labour, in the agricultural, organized or unorganized sectors.Gohil said that there is no statutory protection by the present BJP Government for people engaged in petty businesses through self-employment, such as hawkers, street vendors and kiosk owners and they are being constantly harassed by various limbs of the government. People of this sector do not have the benefit of any welfare scheme by the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920736", "title": "DTC to buy 1,100 more buses", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi cabinet approved a proposal for purchase of 1,100 standard floor CNG buses. The buses would cost around Rs 330 crore and will be procured through a global tender.\"There is an urgent need to replace 1,886 standard floor buses, which have completed their prescribed life for economic run. The plying of such buses is not only causing loss to the DTC but also affecting its image,\" chief minister Sheila Dikshit said while briefing the media after the cabinet meeting. The buses will be purchased with maintenance for 7,50,000 km or 12 years operation, whichever is later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16920641", "title": "High excitement in Kannur over Diego Maradona", "text": "KOCHI: Diego Maradona is all set to descend in God's Own Country on Tuesday evening. The Argentine football legend will land at Cochin International Airport in Nedumbassery and head straight to Kannur on a helicopter, where he is slated to inaugurate a jewellery showroom and launch the operations of a new private airline service on Wednesday.Maradona will make his public appearance on Wednesday morning at the Kannur Municipal stadium. The stadium, which has a capacity of 50,000, is expected to have doubled the number inside it on Wednesday.Efforts are on to bring Maradona to the stadium in traditional Kerala attire (dhoti). Before entering the stadium, Maradona will hover above Kannur town in a chopper and kick a football towards his fans in the stadium from the helicopter.Soccer fans from all across Kerala and even some other parts of the country are heading to Kannur to see the football icon. \"We have just seen him on television. Now here is an opportunity to see him from close and we are not going to miss out. More than 200 fans are going to Kannur on Tuesday to see Maradona from our village. Couple of us has got special passes. I don't know what will happen when I see him directly. Perhaps I will faint,\" said NV Subair, president of the Nainanamvalappu Football Fans Association.Meanwhile, the organisers are keen to explore the possibility of using Maradona's expertise on their proposed football activities.\"We are planning to set up a football team and an academy to train under-15 players. I had telephonic discussions with Maradona on this regard. He seemed interested. More deliberations on this project will take place during Maradona's visit and when I go back to Dubai,\" said Boby Chemmanur, chairman of Chemmanur International Jewellers, who are facilitating Maradona's Kerala trip.He added, \"We plan to organize an all India football tournament soon. We are planning a training programme for kids at the under-15 level. We have requested Maradona to personally supervise both these projects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16922647", "title": "High court upholds acquittal of Vasco food vendors", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa dismissed an application against the acquittal of Mohammad Ibrahim Kamalsha and Gouse Mohidin Kamalsha from Vasco by a trial court. The duo was charged with selling prohibited injurious food articles under the Goa Public Heath (amendment) Act, 2005.A judicial magistrate first class court at Vasco had exonerated the accused as the complaint was filed after a period of two years from the date of commission of the offence. The magistrate held that the complaint was to be filed within three months of committing the offence as per Section 105 of the act. Aggrieved by the order, food inspector Rajaram Patil had approached the high court.During the hearing of the case in the high court, the additional public prosecutor argued that the complainant, the food inspector, was under the impression that the limitation under Section 468 of the CrPC would be three years.While dismissing the application for leave to appeal, Justice A P Lavande observed thus, \"It is well settled that when a statute prescribes a period of limitation different from the one prescribed under Section 468 of the CrPC, the complaint has to be filed within the period of limitation prescribed under the statute.\" Therefore, it was obligatory on the part of the complainant to file the complaint within three months, which he failed to do, the court noted.In this case, the issue of limitation was expressly raised in the cross examination and it was expected that the complainant would move an appropriate application seeking condonation of the delay in view of Section 105 of the act before the magistrate, the court noted", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926785", "title": "Too old to play James Bond at 443/4: Daniel Craig", "text": "Daniel Craig, who has been getting rave reviews for his portrayal of James Bond in new movie 'Skyfall,' jokingly said that he will be too old for the role when he turns 44 and three quarters.Craig has signed a deal to appear in two more 007 films, and may even do more.\"I will keep going as long as I can. I am contracted for two more and that seems like a fair few,\" the Sun quoted him as saying.\"But I am not going to outstay my welcome. Someone else will have to have the chance to have a crack at this,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16921423", "title": "Health department to conduct survey for water related diseases", "text": "JAIPUR: After identifying ten more districts with poor water quality in the state, the medical health and family welfare department has decided to conduct a survey to find out the health related problems people are facing due to the presence of fluoride in water.Jaipur is one of the 10 districts where the department under the National Programme for Prevention &amp; Control of Fluorosis (NPPCF) would conduct a door-to-door survey. Dungerpur, Jaisalmer, Udaipur, Pali, Jalore, Dausa, Churu, Sikar and Bikaner are the other nine districts where the water quality has raised concerns.State NPPCF nodal officer Dr Ramavatar Jaiswal said, \"Normally, people using such water have yellowish and weak teeth. Also, excess presence of fluorosis affects bones.\"He said with the groundwater level going down, the water quality gets affected. The presence of fluorides, nitrate and chlorides increases due to excess extraction of groundwater, he added.\"The person, who consumes water with fluorides, develops health related problems. But the most frightening part is that such ailments are all irreversible. The damage caused by fluoride cannot be repaired,\" Dr Jaiswal.Jaiswal said the officials from the state would be sent to Hyderabad's National Institute of Nutrition to get training for the survey. The officials after returning would train auxiliary nurse midwife and anganwadi workers. The medical health and family welfare department's trained staff would conduct the door-to-door survey in the ten districts. The official said that the teams would also offer treatment to the people with water related health problems.Last year, health department had conducted a survey in the schools of Nagaur district which showed that 35% children had yellowish, sensitive and weak teeth, which is because of the presence of excessive fluoride in drinking water. The other districts which have already been identified with poor quality water are Bhilwara, Ajmer, Jodhpur, Rajsamand, and Tonk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16921806", "title": "Crackdown on cell towers near schools and hospitals", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority has begun a crackdown against mobile network towers located in vicinity of schools, hospitals and residential areas of the city. The Authority has issued notices for dismantling the towers in ten sensitive locations within 15 days. The drive aims to check harmful effects of radiation from these towers located in residential areas.After conducting a survey, Authority officials identified 10 mobile towers located across the city which needed to be relocated. A time of two weeks was given to these agencies to relocate, failing which they will face strict action from the Authority.\"A committee was formed to complete a procedure for allotting an alternate plot of land measuring 250sqm for these towers in green belts across Greater Noida,\" said Yogender Yadav, OSD, Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority. \"These agencies have been allotted land on lease basis and with directions to complete the procedure immediately,\" Yadav said.To begin with, in the first phase, towers located near schools and hospitals have been directed to be relocated. Following this, soon residential areas will also be surveyed for such communication towers to be relocated, officials added.Earlier in April, Noida residents had demanded a crackdown against mobile towers set up in residential areas due to their harmful effects. About 50% of the 600-odd towers in residential areas are allowed to be installed by house owners, 30% in commercial areas and 20% in industrial/institutional areas.The Allahabad high court in January had ordered formation of a panel of IIT experts to assess the impact of mobile towers in residential areas. The court had banned installation of new towers in residential areas and sought assessment of the impact of existing ones.The Union ministry of environment and forests had also issued an advisory in August to stakeholders. The advisory had urged various state governments to take appropriate measures to spread awareness about the likely fallout of radiation on various life forms, including humans, wildlife and birds, recommending relocation and removal of such towers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16922846", "title": "Sculptor makes Nitish's idol", "text": "PATNA: Inspired by the movement to press for special category status to Bihar, a sculptor has made chief minister Nitish Kumar's seven-feet-tall idol in the backdrop of the map of India. The statue has been installed at Baghopur village in Samastipur district by Sudhir Kumar, a graduate from College of Arts and Crafts, PU, and opened for public viewing on Monday. Kumar said it will be kept there till November 3, a day before the 'Adhikar Rally' in Patna.Kumar said the CM has been sculptured as 'Krishna avatar' and the idol has four hands, holding a map of Bihar, a torch, pen and moral philosophy of life. He said all these articles are symbolic, showcasing the progress, educational advancement and peace in the state, which deserves special category state status.Apart from Warisnagar MLA Ashok Kumar , who visited the village and appreciated Kumar's work, people are coming to see the idol from nearby villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921322", "title": "Maharashtra to take up documentation of biodiversity soon", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra state biodiversity board along with the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) will soon start documentation of biodiversity, which will be contributed to an international biodiversity portal.Maharashtra is the first state to take up this initiative. The information available will be accessible to all at the Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) data portal.Erach Bharucha, chairman of Maharashtra state biodiversity board, told TOI that very soon the board will start collecting data from NGOs working in the field, institutes, universities and locals on various aspects of biodiversity. The information collected will be sent to Wildlife Institute of India from where it will be further forwarded to international website at GBIF based in Copenhagen , Denmark.\"At present, experts are developing a software to feed in our information.This decision to develop our own database was taken at the XI Conference of Parties (COP 11) to the Convention on Biological Diversity held in Hyderabad recently,\" he said.According to Bharucha, the documentation on biodiversity will have both national and international value. The information will have geo reference, establishing its location in terms of map projections or coordinate systems. The GBIF data portal is formally recognised for bio-diversity conservation, he said.The GBIF was established by governments to encourage free and open access to biodiversity data, via the internet. Through a global network of countries and organizations, GBIF promotes and facilitates the mobilization, access, discovery and use of information about the occurrence of organisms over time and across the planet.Bharucha, who attended the COP 11, said, \"The convention on biological diversity is important as it not only engages in international negotiations on biodiversity, but as it is hosted in India, we could also showcase our biodiversity. It is important for the common man to understand the role of biodiversity. This year, the thrust was to find ways to involve people or community towards conservation, he said. \"The concern lies in the fact that we have lost species such as Cheetah and Siberian crane. Several other mammals, birds and insects are declining in number, and we have very little data on these species. Thus, immediate steps should be taken for its protection and conservation. The COP 11 provided a platform for experts and civil society to interact and discuss on environmental issues during the side events. There is a good number of college students who are attending as volunteers. Delegates from 193 countries are attending COP 11.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16926168", "title": "Ludhiana goes grand on Maha Ashtami", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Durga Puja celebrations in the city became euphoric on Maha Ashtami as devotees turned up in hundreds for prayers at the \"puja pandal\" erected at Institution of Engineers, Dugri. On the third day of the Bengali festivity, which starts on Maha Shasthi, sixth day of Navratra, the Bengalis of the city decked up in their new set of clothes gathered to offer grand prayers to the Goddess.Maha Ashtami is considered the most auspicious day during Durga Puja by Bengalis. The day began with \"anjali\" as devotees offered fruits, saris and sweets to the Durga idol. The \"prasad\" prepared in the community kitchen was distributed among devotees after \"anjali\".Dugri resident Sonali Chatterjee said the women have been taking the responsibility of the sacred community kitchen in groups each day during the four days of celebration. \"We prepared 'khichdi', five types of fried vegetable and 'chhaukka', which is offered to the Goddess, before being distributed among devotees on Maha Ashtami,\" she added.Agar Nagar resident Mili Mukherjee said, \"We wear new clothes, take a bath and keep a fast on each day of Puja, which signifies the purity and devotion towards goddess Durga.\"The celebration in Dugri became all the more ecstatic with the presence of Rangtal Theatre group of Kolkata, which performed mime, mimicry and puppet shows for the gathered crowd of devotees. The 18-member-group enthralled the audience with their cultural fiesta from Kolkata. The Bengalis performed \"sandhi puja\" in the evening, which is considered the most auspicious of prayers, and is performed at the juncture of the eighth and ninth lunar day of the Navratra.\"The juncture of the eighth and ninth day of Durga Puja is called 'Sandhikshan'. The 'sandhi puja' lasts from last 24 minutes of the 'ashtami' to the first 24 minutes of the 'navami' and is conducted to celebrate the victory of goddess Durga over demons Chando and Mundo,\" said Bangiya Samsad member S K Banerjee, 64. \"We place 108 oil-lamps during 'Sandhikhshan' that herald the supremacy of the Goddess over demons,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920950", "title": "'Suitcase robber' held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A proclaimed offender, infamous as 'suitcase robber', and his associate have been arrested. \"Nazim, a resident of Jakir Nagar and Nadeem alias Tosif alias Rahul, a resident of Loni in Ghaziabad, were arrested on specific input from near Kashmiri Gate Metro station,\" a senior cop said.Nazim said he came to Delhi to evade arrest by the Uttar Pradesh police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16922147", "title": "Hand over 'brain' behind Malala attack: Pak to Afghanistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has asked the US to use its influence on Afghanistan to extradite Maulana Fazlullah, a wanted Pakistani Taliban commander whom it says was involved in planning the recent attack on teen rights activist Malala Yousufzai. The diplomatic sources here said that the demand was made by Pakistan foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar during her meeting with US special envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan, Mark Grossman, The Express Tribune reported.Grossman was told that Fazlullah was involved in the attack on Malala Yousafzai and that the US should employ its influence towards the extradition of Fazlullah. Fazlullah along with his men is hiding in Kunar province of Afghanistan, the Pak-Afghan especial envoy was told. Pakistan had, on many occasions in the past, informed the ISAF and Afghan authorities about Fazlullah's activities, the paper said. According to sources, Fazlullah has executed as many as 15 cross border attacks in Pakistan over the past one year. Fazlullah is also known as 'Mullah Radio' for his fiery radio broadcasts in Swat Valley. Earlier, it was reported that Fazlullah had sent a hit squad to kill 14-year-old Malala for being a proponent of girls' education in the valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16921462", "title": "Irrigation dept raises a stink over Sumel Yojna plots", "text": "JAIPUR: The irrigation department has shot off a letter to Jaipur Development Authority to clarify if plots allotted under the Basic Services to the Urban Poor project (Sumel Yojna) fall in the catchment area of the Kanota dam.The communication mentions the possibility of the plots coming under the catchment area. Mahveer Nain, assistance engineer in the irrigation department, said, \"We have asked the civic authority to re-examine allotments to avoid accidents in future as it seems plots fall in catchment area. If water level in the dam rises it will be a threat to house owners' lives and property. A letter to the Jaipur Development Commissioner has been written in this regard.\"The issue of allotting land in catchment area was raised when a team from the irrigation department was preparing a report on measures taken to check discharge of dirty waters into the dam to comply with the high court orders issued recently. Some officials claimed that no correspondence was done with the irrigation department to check if the land was coming under the catchment area or not before making allotments.Meanwhile, the senior JDA officials said the possession of land was taken from the revenue department and it can be only confirmed after examining the records. While talking to TOI, Jaipur Development Commissioner Kuldeep Ranka said, \"We have received the letter from the irrigation department and matter has been forwarded to respective department for further examination.\"Sources in the JDA said the letter is baseless as the irrigation department is well aware of the catchment area limits.The JDA in zone-10 (which covers Sumel Yojna) has allotted plots to the owners whose houses in Jagatpura were affected during the extension of the airport. Similarly, the authority has also rehabilitated the Jawahar Nagar slum area in the scheme. According to the officials, there are approximately 2,000 big and small plots in entire Sumel scheme, out of which allotment of 350 plots has been made.Rajasthan High Court on October 4 had ordered that all encroachments in the catchment area of the Amanishah nullah, which is a dry riverbed, be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16925107", "title": "Durga Puja: Idol made of corn draws crowd in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: The stage is set and celebrations have begun in the city with \"pran pratisthan\" of the idols being done at many places. Of more than two dozen Durga puja venues in Bokaro and Chas townships, the Durga idol made of corn and maize at Solgadih in Chas has become the talk of the town.\"We have come up with this unique idol of Goddess Durga which is made of maize and corn. It is very beautiful and attracting many revellers,\" said a committee member. The puja pandal of Solgadih also draws huge crowd owing to its proximity to a pond. And when the reflection of the lights fall on the water, it becomes a sight to behold.One of the biggest festivals of the year started with chants of mantras, bhajans blaring out from loud speakers, magnificent pandals peppered along the roads, lighting, sumptious bhog at puja venues and huge crowds coming out to the streets and thronging the pandals. The city has turned into a mini-India with pandals resembling famous temples from across the country. Various puja committees have invested over Rs 50 lakh in erecting puja pandals to give similar look and design.The puja committees have gone a step further with colorful pandals wooing puja revellers. The district is renowned its Durga Puja.The vibrant puja pandal installed in City Center in front of Sree Leather is also drawing people in great number. This puja pandal is set up by the plot holders of the City Centre. However, at Bokaro Kalibari and Bang Bharti, the organizers held \"pran pratisthan\" with traditional ceremonies. A large number of people participated in the prayers here.\"This year puja pandals are very beautiful. The beautiful idol of the deity in Bang Bharti pujapandal in Sector-III is very nice,\" said Abhilasha a doctor. The three famous puja pandals including Vaishali Moad in Sector IX, Sector-II and Sector-XII/E are witnessing huge crowd. Administraion have made special arrangments seeking puja and deployed police personnels and magistrates in various points for maintaing law and order.The puja pandal in Vaishali Moad is build on the theme of Radha-Krishna Temple of Kanpur and is most expensive pandal of the city. The pandal in Sector-II is replica of Dwarika Temple. It is about 105 feet tall and 120 feet wide. Apart from the above two, the puja pandal of Sector-XII/E is replica of Laxmi-Narayan Temple of Delhi. These above pandals hosts fairs which is also an attraction for the revelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922263", "title": "Jungle Lodges and Resorts won't be disturbed, says minister", "text": "BANGALORE: Forest minister CP Yogeshwara on Monday said the government-run Jungle Lodges and Resorts (JLR) will be not disturbed as its facilities don't fall under the tiger buffer zone or the elephant corridor. However, JLR has been asked to do away with tiger tourism activities in coming years. \"The forest department's objective is to conserve and preserve forest, not to conduct tourism activities.\"Yogeshwara said the tiger population in Bandipur and Nagarahole forests has increased. He has directed the tourism department to limit tiger safaris to tourists.The department has decided to close down all its guest houses situated in the core areas in the forests. \"These buildings will be utilized for research and study purposes,\" the minister said.A notification will be issued to acquire resorts located deep inside the jungles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922139", "title": "Canine care: Three-legged dog helps boy overcome fear of venturing out", "text": "A seven-year-old British boy with a fear of open spaces has overcome his phobia, thanks to Haatchi, a three-legged dog. Owen Howkins, suffering from a rare genetic disorder, was too afraid to leave his house until his family adopted the Anatolian Shepherd. Owen had become withdrawn from social situations when he realized he was different from other children at school. The condition, known as Schwartz-Jampel, causes his muscles to be permanently tense. It left him scared to talk to people and worried about leaving his home in Basingstoke, Hants. When his family adopted Haatchi, they were thrilled with the positive effect he had on Owen's confidence. As well as taking his dog for walks, Owen is now happy to talk to strangers about his pet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922230", "title": "HC helps girl realize her MBBS dreams", "text": "BANGALORE: Nineteen-year-old Monika G who was always keen on becoming a doctor was second time lucky. That too after the Karnataka high court intervened and ordered the authorities to allot a vacant medical seat at Mandya Institute of Medical Sciences, Mandya.Monika had secured an MBBS seat last year but could not join due to financial constraints. This year too problems like procedural wrangles, time constraints and logistics deprived her of the allotted seat. She then moved the Karnataka high court.Directing the authorities to allot Monika the seat, a division bench comprising Justice N Kumar and Justice V Suri Appa Rao said in a recent order: \"The cut off date for admission to medical colleges was September 30, 2012. Going by the facts of the case, the petitioner had the requisite merit and was allotted a seat, but circumstances beyond her control prevented her from joining the college. The authorities shall not put forth the excuses of cut off date in the peculiar facts of the case...\"The court was informed that while the allotted seat had been filled up, there were two government seats left - one at Mandya and one at Bidar.Facts of the caseMonika, a resident of Manjunath Nagar here, had appeared for CET conducted by Karnataka Examination Authority in 2011 and secured a seat. Unable to take it up due to financial constraints, she opted for a civil engineering seat at UVCE.She again wrote the CET exam this year and stood 7,876 in medical rankings. A seat was allotted to her at Srinivasa Institute of Medical Science and Research Centre, Surathkal. When she approached the authorities for allotment letter, they insisted on a transfer certificate from UVCE. She applied for it and submitted it to KEA, which issued her an admission order on September 27 for a seat in Srinivasa Institute of Medical Sciences and Research Centre, Surathkal. But she was informed that the last date for admission at the Surathkal college was September 27.Sensing that she could not reach Mangalore in time, Monika requested KEA for an extension of time for admission by a day. She then went to the Surathkal college on September 28 only to be told that admissions had been closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16921711", "title": "Greater Noida-NH24 link road to be ready by Oct end", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority and Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA), after a delay of almost nine years, have resumed work the 22km long and 130m wide link road between Holland Factory in Greater Noida and NH-24. Authorities say the six-lane link road will be ready for traffic before the end of this month.Earlier last week, GDA completed the process of relocating the farmers, who have their abadi land on the site for the proposed link road, to alternate location provided by the Greater Noida Authority in Chipiyana village. \"Four lanes of the link road will be opened to traffic by the end of this month and the remaining two service lanes will be ready by mid-November,\" said DR Yadav, chief project engineer, GDA.The link road will provide signal-free traffic movement between Greater Noida's Sector Zeta and Vijay Nagar in Ghaziabad and will reduce travel time between the two cities to just 20 minutes. The road will begin at the Holland tractor factory and pass through Devla, Khodna, Khurd, Khairpur Gurjar, Etaida and Haibatpur before meeting NH-24 near the Vijay Nagar bypass in Ghaziabad. This link road will then be extended from NH-24 to the Meerut highway.The Greater Noida Authority had allotted a total of 7.71 acre land to GDA in July this year for rehabilitating those whose land was acquired for making way for the link road.According to Greater Noida Authority CEO Rama Raman, while the construction work on most of the 22km stretch of the link road is already complete, construction of around 1.5km has remained stuck for almost nine years. While several factors, ranging from farmers' protest to lack of funds have contributed over the years to the delay of the ambitious project, construction work on the last 1.5km has remained stuck because earlier last year GDA had claimed that it \"did not have enough land for the rehabilitation process\" since this stretch hosted abadi land for villages like Bahrampur Akbarpur and Chak Birampur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16923005", "title": "Power cuts led to 260 roadblocks in 6 months", "text": "CHENNAI: There have been more than 260 roadblock protests in the city in the past six months. And, they were not organised by political parties or any other social groups. These were spontaneous protests by citizens who were irked by the frequent power cuts.According to police records, residents from northern and western parts of the city were the most agitated. In many of these localities, they came out in large numbers late in the evenings and nights to block the road and drive home a point.Pulianthope tops the list of places from where most of the roadblocks were reported . This is followed by Washermenpet and Ambattur. Police say no such protest was reported in posh localities such as Boat Club Road, Poes Garden, Nungambakkam or Adyar. \"On an average, we have recorded at least two roadblocks a day since March,\" said a senior police officer. \"Most of the protests were in middle-class and lower middle-class neighbourhoods.\"\"During summer, not having power through the night was horrible,\" said Suresh Nagaraj, who mobilised his neighbours in Adambakkam to protest on the road on a sultry June night. In Valsaravakkam , scores of residents blocked roads for more than a couple of hours, forcing the electricity board workers to resume power supply. In some other parts of the city, residents turned violent and bashed up TNEB staff at sub-stations . In other districts, where power cuts extend well beyond 12 hours, protests have been the order of the day\u2014and night.A police officer in Pulianthope said, \"We normally try to pacify the protestors. As they come out in frustration, we don't register cases. In some of these cases, the agitators were arrested and slapped with minor charges for disrupting law and order.\"Doctors say lack of sleep can make people extremely irritated. \"Sleep deprivation can make people really angry. Prolonged lack of sleep can make some others depressed,\" said Dr Kalpana Kosalram, assistant professor at SRM University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926518", "title": "Jagya asks dadisa for Anandi in Balika Vadhu!", "text": "Jagya seems to have turned a new leaf in Colors' Balika Vadhu. With the current situation going on in the household, he has a change of heart and decides to leave Jaitsar!In the upcoming episodes, Jagya (Shashank Vyas) realizes that he has been cured and there is no point in him staying back. Sources inform that this will be a turning point in Jagya's life as Anandi forgives him. Realization will hit him hard and he will also turn positive once again! Jagya will realize that whatever he did with Anandi (Pratyusha Banerjee) was incorrect and he did not go about doing things in the right way.Further, dadisa (Surekha Sikri) will also stop him from leaving but Jagya is hell bent as he sees his father (Anup Soni) and tau (Satyajit Sharma) quarreling over Jagya and he does not want the unrest and family discord to be continue because of him.When contacted, Shashank (Jagya) replied, \"When dadisa asks me to stay back, on a parting note I ask dadisa to give Anandi back to me. I feel people never forget what happens in their childhood and Anandi spent her childhood with Jagya\".When contacted, Pratyusha Banerjee remained unavailable for comment!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16922691", "title": "All mines within 1 km buffer zone to be shut in phases", "text": "PANAJI: After recommending to the central government a one km buffer zone for wildlife sanctuaries and national parks, the state government has decided to shut down mines operating within the one km buffer zone over the next five to 10 years. There are around 33 mining leases within the zone.Speaking to media persons on the sidelines of the premier of a Marathi film in Panaji, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday said \"We have told that Goa will have one km buffer zone for national park and wildlife sanctuaries.\" Hence the mines operating in the area cannot function. Also, no permission will be given to start new mines within two km buffer zone.He said for \"natural boundaries\", the river will be considered as boundaries for buffer zone, whichever is less.Parrikar said, \"In the one km distance from buffer zone only existing mines will be allowed to operate and no new mines will be allowed\".The Supreme Court constituted central empowered committee has recommended a two km buffer zone for national parks and wildlife sanctuaries.As reported by TOI on Sunday, the government has decided a one-km buffer zone for national parks and wildlife sanctuaries except Bondla zoo and Chorao bird sanctuary which will have around 100 metre buffer zone. The 1-km buffer zone will be applicable to Mhadei, Netraveli and Mollem wildlife sanctuaries.Replying to a question, Parrikar said that it is easy for people to sit in air-conditioned bungalows to give suggestion and criticize the government but it is not easy to come out with practical solutions.Reacting to the developments, the Goa Mineral Ore Exporters' Association (GMOEA) expressed concern over the government's decision of finalizing a one km buffer zone.GMOEA in a press release stated that the total forest area in Goa is about 38% of the total geographical area. Of which, less than 7% area where mining happens is considered to be forest area and these mines have been accorded all the requisite government clearances, both at the state and the central level.GMOEA secretary and spokesperson Glenn Kalavampara said given the contiguity of forest land due to the topography of Goa, the Cabinet's decision to demarcate eco-sensitive buffer zones of 100 metres to one km around wildlife sanctuaries and national parks will have an adverse socio-economic impact in these regions.\"GMOEA supports an eco-sensitive &amp; sustainable view to mineral development in the State. This decision by the Cabinet takes 4.7% of Goa out of the ambit of economic progress and directly impacts over 4,000 jobs in the area, without any rightful reason\", said Kalavampara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16924134", "title": "Bhupen Hazarika's songs come alive at Latasil puja", "text": "GUWAHATI: A self-taught artist has made a motorized idol of music maestro Bhupen Hazarika with lips that move in sync with the songs being played in the background, making it seem like the idol is singing the songs. Bhupenda's idol is on display at the Latasil Durga Puja venue, one of the hotspots for puja revelers in the city.It took one month for the sculptor from Darrang district in upper Assam , also a part-time farmer, to complete the idol made of the wood of the Gamori tree. For Damodar Kalita, the sculptor, nothing could have been more satiating than sculpting Hazarika.\"The statue was completed in May this year. It is fitted with a motor and a wheel to mobilize movement. The statue's lips move in synchronization with the songs being played in the background, making it seem as if the idol is actually singing. I wanted to pay my tribute to the music maestro and since this form of art is my forte, I decided to sculpt an idol of Hazarika. I was helped by my friends and relatives with all the financial and logistical support needed in this endeavour,\" said Kalita.Kalita, the son of a farmer, was inspired by his father, who would make sculptures out of straw and clay, to take up idol-making at a young age. Kalita began to learn the technique from his father and soon put his observational skills to good use. \"I thank my father for inspiring me and those who helped me in making the idol of Bhupenda. I hope people appreciate my work,\" added Kalita.The theme for this year's puja at Latasil is based on the mode of transportation of the goddess. As per the Hindu almanac, the goddess comes to earth using a different mode of transportation every year. This year, she has come on an elephant and will be going back on a boat. Thus, the pandal has been designed as a boat this time.\"Every year, we stick to the theme of the goddess's mode of transportation. Last year, our pandal was modeled on a palanquin and this time it is shaped like a boat. The pandal has been designed by Krishna Das, a local artist. The budget is around Rs 8 lakh,\" said Bijit Pradip Das, general secretary Gauhati Sarbajannin Puja Samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924322", "title": "Durga Puja: Insufficient staff to ensure food safety this festival", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Apart from shopping and pandal hopping, eating out during Durga Puja is considered a must.However, one must be careful as the food being served outside comes with its own set of risks. But to make the situation worse, the government does not have sufficient staff to do a quality check this festive season.There are only 10 food safety officers (FSOs) for the 30 districts. As each FSO has to take care of at least three districts, the food quality check would remain highly ineffective, sources believed.Government authorities said despite the manpower crunch, they are trying their best to manage the situation by asking officers to concentrate more on areas which will be inviting the largest of crowds.\"I understand we don't have sufficient staff to undertake effective quality control during the festive rush. However, we have asked officers to concentrate more on cities such as Cuttack and Bhubaneswar where the turnout of people is huge. Special squads have been constituted to check random checks of food samples during the festive season to ensure that these adhere to minimum quality standards,\" said director public health Dr Alekh Sahoo said. Sahoo said the staff crunch problem would be over by the end of this year. \"We have started the process to recruit 28 more officers. Scrutiny is on. All formalities would be over by the year-end,\" he said.After Food Safety and Standards ( Prohibition and Restrictions on Sales) Regulations 2011 was notified on August 1, 2011 by the Food Safety Standardization Authority of India (FSSAI), a statutory body under the Union health ministry to handle food related issues, the government re-designated the food inspectors as FSOs.However, because of their dwindling numbers, implementation of the regulations remains almost a non-starter in the state.\"As per the notification, we have time till February 2013 to comply with the various provisions,\" another senior government officer said.There were 26 posts of food inspectors in state, 16 of which were lying vacant. The government named them FSOs and increased the number of posts to 38. Besides 30 FSOs for the 30 districts, 12 major towns will have one FSO each, government sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16919982", "title": "Staffers reject Kingfisher Airlines\u2019s offer to stagger dues", "text": "MUMBAI: In a desperate bid to break the 23-day old strike by its employees, Kingfisher Airlines on Monday promised to clear three months' salary dues before Diwali and regularise monthly payment of salaries from December onwards. The offer though was summarily rejected as the employees contended that the airline should clear atleast four months' salary upfront.The airline has not paid its employees salaries for the last seven months. In protest, the employees went on a strike in protest from October 1 onwards, which forced the airline to announce a partial lock-out. Last week, the airline's license to operate flights was suspended by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA). The airline will need to get its employees back to work and prepare a resumption plan that has to be approved by the DGCA if they have to get the suspension revoked.\"The meeting lasted for about four hours, but we did not arrive at a settlement,\" said an airline source. \"The first part of their offer was about salary for the month of March. A section of employees received that salary last month. Those who did not, will be paid salary for March in 24 hours,\" he added. Thereafter the airline management has promised to clear salary for the month of April by this month end and that for May before Diwali. \"From Diwali onwards, salary payment will be regularised. The remaining pending amount will be cleared only after the airline is recapitalised,\" he added. The proposal was rejected by Kingfisher employee groups in Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore.Though Monday's talks failed, what could turn the tide for the management is their strategy to take the proposal to each individual employees. \"The management will mail us the proposal in the next 24 hours and each one of us individually has to respond to it. Some employees may not be very comfortable turning down the offer in writing,\" said a source. \"The comfort of a group where one is incognito is one thing. When one has to individually respond to the proposal and turn it down, things become a bit difficult,\" he added. Then again, by late evening, rumors of employees who were pro-management spreading a positive word about the proposal did rounds. \"A handful of employees, who are not the elected representatives have been spreading the news that the proposal is acceptable to a majority of engineers. That is not true,\" said an aircraft maintenance engineer.Employees also contended that since all these proposal have only been verbal, there is an element of mistrust. \"From our past experience we know that the management cannot be trusted. We need a clear-cut written assurance,\" said a commander. Meanwhile, the airline staffers have planned to hold demonstrations during the upcoming Formula One motor race in Greater Noida. However Kingfisher promoter Vijay Mallya , who bought a F1 team in 2007 is not likely to attend the event, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16922146", "title": "Holiday mood grips Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: A 'week of holidays' is ahead for various government offices. With the exception of Thursday and Saturday, the government offices and schools will remain closed for the week. Puja holidays coupled with Bakrid has given the citizen a long vacation.Many officials, especially those from other districts, have already left the city. \"In fact, many of them went to their native places by Saturday.Applying for a two or three-day leave would give them an extended vacation,\" said Kochi corporation deputy mayor B Bhadra.On the working days that fall in between, most government offices will have to work with the minimum staff. It is pointed that it would be almost impossible for citizens to complete their transactions with these offices during the week. Offices will resume their normal activities on October 29.According to the information published by Reserve Bank of India, its Kochi office will remain closed on October 23, 24 and 26.\"With banks like State Bank of Travancore people will have to wait till Thursday for conducting banking operations,\" said Vanaja Rajan, a retired teacher. The corporation has informed that waste disposal in the city would not be affected. It will deploy temporary workers in place of Kudumbasree workers who will go on leave.There will be adequate number of truck drivers to transport waste to Brahmapuram, said health standing committee chairman T K Asharaf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922606", "title": "Troubled Tribals", "text": "Shristal village in Canacona taluka with a population of around 4,600 persons, almost 56% of them from the Scheduled Tribes community, seems to be neglected as its demands for infrastructure and attention to its education sector is yet to be taken care of by consecutive governments.Shristal has under its ambit seven wards. The health care facilities here are insufficient as only one nurse attends to people at the only health care centre within the panchayat's jurisdiction at Bhatpal. Scheduled Tribes (ST) community members constitute nearly 56 percent of the populace. They are mostly settled in hilly terrains and at the foot of the mountains with agriculture and plantation among their occupations.A resident from Asali, Punoji Gaonkar, says, \"People in hamlets of Gulem, Voizavaddo, Asali, Nuvem, are not allowed to use or pluck forest produce, on which their ancestors survived for generations. Forest officials manhandle residents over petty issues and forcibly seize their sickles (coita) and other wood cutting equipment.\" Sarpanch Laxman Raikar says \"There are no proper roads. People have to walk for a long distance from the place of their habitation to get to the main road.\" Lack of proper infrastructural facilities have many times led to instances of miscarriages and mortalities, especially to snake bites as reaching the community health centre at Canacona is a tedious journey.Raikar added, \"If a 10km approach road from Gulem to Karvem, via Chapolim-Asali-Voizavaddo is completed, then the problem of transportation will be solved. Due to a 'kuchcha' road, no buses ply in the five wards of Shristal panchayat, except for a private vehicle. Roads get inundated during the monsoon and the student community have been facing a lot of hardship.''Rupa Dhuri, a college student, says that 98% residents of the five wards, Voizavaddo, Nuvem, Asali, Shristal and Gulem are farmers and fully depend on paddy cultivation and other seasonal cultivation. Other students like her allege that many years after the announcem ent of ST schemes by the state government, the facilities are yet to reach villagers.\"Interior narrow roads are not maintained and there are no street lights,\" says Devendra Naik, a social worker.Canacona Block Development Officer (BDO) Manuel Barretto says government schemes have already been passed on to families falling below the poverty line in the panchayat but many failed to get benefits due to technical difficulties which would be sorted out soon.MLA Ramesh Tawadkar said he is trying his best to provide basic facilities and various schemes to tribal communities and other economically backward people, not only in Canacona taluka but also those living in other parts of Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921052", "title": "iSarita not user friendly: Lawyers", "text": "PUNE: Lawyers in the district will march in protest to the office of the inspector general of registration on Tuesday over the inconvenience being caused due to the state revenue department's new software, iSarita.The march will start from the joint district registrar's office at Photo Zinco Press at 2 pm.The protest is being supported by MPs, MLAs and corporators from Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.iSarita is an online platform designed by the state inspector general of registration (IGR). It gives information about properties. Buyers can get details of property owners while making deals and don't have to rely much on the documents provided by a middle man. As the IGR itself provides information, the system is expected to ensure transparency in deals and that fraudulent practices are curbed. iSarita was launched in the state on July 11, 2012But legal professionals and members of the public have claimed that the system apart from being time consuming is not user friendly.The Pune Bar Association, a parent body of lawyers practising in courts, tribunals and quasi judicial bodies and other places in the district, said that the revenue department, by introducing iSarita, wants to digitalise all information pertaining to land and other properties. However, advocates and office-bearers of sub-registrar offices have been facing problems handling the new system.PBA president Ashok Sankpal said, \"In the new system, clients or their advocates have to enter data online and the same is picked up by a sub-registrar's office. The information of the document to be registered has to be typed in English and the applicant has to select a sub-registrar office of the 21 listed offices. A token number is generated and the applicant has to go to the particular sub-registrar's office to get the document registered. It has been observed that while converting the data from English to Marathi at the registration office, the software creates a lot of errors. Moreover, correcting the errors takes much more time than directly feeding the data at the registration office.\"Sankpal said, \"Another drawback of the system is that earlier one could go to any of the 21 registration offices, but now one has to go to the particular one selected earlier in the process. Also, the state government has not created awareness about the new software among people nor have the staff at registration offices been trained to use the new software\".The software doesn't accept data if PAN number is not quoted, Not everybody has a PAN number, especially those taking properties on rent. Besides, a majority of people, especially those staying in rural areas, are not computer savvy, leave alone owning computers and internet connections,\" Sankpal added.Advocate Amol Kajale-Patil said, \"The major problem is about connectivity. Though the IGR has claimed that four servers were added to the existing three, still, connectivity problem exists. As a result, the total number of documents registered at a particular office is only 15 to 20 compared to 60 to 70 documents registered daily earlier. Another problem being faced is that the computers do not accept details of the stamp duty paid through e-stamping, which the government had introduced earlier\".Advocate Shivraj Kadam said people have to wait for at least five to six hours to get their documents registered, which causes too much of inconvenience. Earlier, the same was being done in an hour.Kadam said in a memorandum submitted to the IGR earlier, the advocates had pointed out that the concession in stamp duty for registered housing societies, under section 25 (d) of the Bombay Stamp Act, has been stopped and, hence, people have to pay full five percent stamp duty.Kadam said we have requested the government in the memorandum to keep the old system open along with iSarita as it will reduce the inconvenience being caused to the public.Though the IGR has given a contract to an agency for data entry work, which charges Rs 20 per document, no information is available about the same at sub-registrar offices, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920841", "title": "Over 50,000 LPG connections blocked in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: As oil marketing companies move forward aggressively to rationalize their distribution channels for LPG cylinders, the next few months will certainly prove trying for consumers. As of now, over 50,000 LPG connections in Nagpur district have been blocked by all marketing companies together this month.The reason for blocking connections is suspicion of use of extra cylinders by consumers. Sources in the oil marketing companies have confirmed that they have made two categories of consumers for this campaign. \"The first category is 'same name same address' (SNSA) and second is 'different name, same address' (DNSA). Over 95% of the blocked connections fall under the DNSA category itself,\" said an official who wished to remained anonymous since they are not allowed to speak with the media.The SNSA is not be confused with a double bottle connection (DBC), as the latter won't be affected by the latest campaign. The marketing companies are sending letters to every distribution agency with a list of consumers whose connections have been put on hold. \"The agency will then inform the consumers that their connection has been blocked and initiate necessary steps in that direction,\" he said.If the affected consumer is blocked under SNSA category then the only option is to surrender the extra connection, to resume regular service. For those falling under the DNSA category, onus is on consumers to prove that on the same address different families reside. \"A physical verification of the residence will be done by the gas agency to ascertain that indeed different families are residing on the same plot. It is common for brothers to live on their ancestral property but have separate kitchens,\" said the official.However, consumers, will need to themselves go and verify if their connections have been blocked. Distribution agencies, who find themselves dealing with a lot of paperwork recently, may not be telling each of their affected consumers. \"When a consumer calls up or comes to our office for booking, at that time the computer will show if his connection has been blocked or not,\" said an agency owner.This exercise is being carried out by all three oil marketing companies separately but in a few months that shall change. \"All three of us will soon collate our respective data and again weed out those having connections across companies. We are hopeful that by January, this process will be complete and our distribution system will be more streamlined,\" said an official.City residents were, however, unhappy with the decision to block connections. Sandip Khandelwal, an advocate, said, \"this is unacceptable. In today's time, when the number of nuclear families has risen many a time there are many kitchens at same address. If they cut one brother's gas connection because another has one on the same address where will the first brother go? Gas companies should first ask for clarifications for the reason of multiple connections in the same address and then take the drastic step.\"Sonali Wankhede said, \"if suddenly one day they cut off the connections, how is the common man supposed to give a clarification? Joint families will be affected the most as they require more cylinders and probably have more than one connection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16922731", "title": "12 suspected dengue cases in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Dengue seems to have struck Nashik city with several suspected cases of the illness being reported in city hospitals. There were 12 reported cases on Monday alone at both, private and NMC hospitals. Medical officer of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) said that tests reports are awaited.Earlier, the city reported two deaths due to dengue. Medical Officer Dr D B Patil said that private and NMC hospitals had the suspects admitted on Monday. He said that in August there was only one case of the disease and that the deaths reported after that were not due to %the disease but due to other factors.Suvichar hospital has one patient suspected of dengue, while Soham Hospital has three. The NMC's Dr Zakir Hussain hospital has one suspected case, while Sai Shraddha Hospital has two, Sanjeevani Hospital has two, Suyojit Hospital has one, Surya Hospital has one and the NMC's Bytco Hospital has one.The medical officer said that till the reports arrive they could not comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pakistani film josh (against the grain) and a segment titled kabul fresh", "code": "16938778", "title": "Mumbai Film Festival focuses on Pak-Afghan films", "text": "Pakistani film Josh (Against the Grain) and a segment titled Kabul Fresh: New Voices in Afghan Cinema were the focus on day 5 of the 14th Mumbai Film Festival.The beginning of the 5th day at the 14th Mumbai Film Festival was enveloped in gloom as the verity of the passing of Indian cinematic marvel and Trustee of MAMI, Mr. Yash Chopra sunk in. As a gesture of condolence, the Mumbai Film Festival family observed a minute of silence at every festival screen across the city.\"I have lost a close friend and elder of decades. Yash Chopra passes on to eternity. Films will never be the same\", said Mr. Amit Khanna, Trustee of Mumbai Academy of Moving Image (MAMI) &amp; Chairman Reliance Big Entertainment who was deeply saddened by the news.\"Yash Chopra is the premier cinematic institution credited for establishing the popularity of Indian cinema internationally\", said Mr. Srinivasan Narayanan, Festival Director, Mumbai Film Festival about the prolific filmmaker whose efforts and body of work was appreciated by international Governments \"The best way we truly honor his memory is by carrying forward his legacy and dedicating our efforts towards developing the platform of the Mumbai Film Festival so we may show more quality cinema to a wider audience.\"Acting upon its commitment, the festival presented the attendees with a story about resilient youth working to bring about a social change in Pakistan's socio-politically conservative environment through Josh (Against the Grain), the first full length feature film by Pakistani filmmaker Iram Parveen BilalThe afternoon segment saw the continuation of the second edition of 'Rendezvous with French Cinema' a segment aimed at featuring works of contemporary French cinema the unveiling of critically acclaimed film Renoir by distinguished filmmaker Gilles Bourdos is about the twilight years of illustrious painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir.Later during the day was hosted a segment titled 'Kabul Fresh: New Voices in Afghan Cinema', the first initiative in India aimed at showcasing the blossoming film movement in the war-torn nation through a selection of short films by both established and budding filmmakers from Afghanistan including films such as animation film The Life scripted, produced, directed and edited by 22-year-old Mohammad Reza Nawruzi, the premiere screening of A Day Of Postman Khan Agha (Une Journee Du Facteur Khan Agha) by Waheedullah Rahmatullah Nazir, Kabul Cards a film that captures the multi-faceted civilian life in Afghanistan through the eyes of 3 natives of Kabul: Sahar (16) an upper secondary school student, Sadaf (19) a student of music at the City University and Nargis (18) a worker at a development organization and Nazif-e-Gurg, a film directed and produced by Samiullah Nabizada.The evening witnessed a special section 'Restored Classics', an endeavor to highlight the importance of Preservation and Restoration of films, by screening restored classics Shatranj Ke Khilari by renowned Indian filmmaker Satyajit Ray and Hollywood impresario Howard Hawks's Gentlemen Prefer Blondes.The eclectic assortment of films screened also included renowned Danish director Thomas Vinterberg's The Hunt, Cosmopolis a film by David Cronenberg, The Making of the Mahatma by Indian cinematic icon Shyam Benegal, Mumbai Cha Raja by upcoming director Manjeet Singh and documentary Celluloid Man, a tribute film to revolutionary film archivist P. K. Nair, by noted Indian filmmaker Shivendra Singh Dungarpur among others.Spotted at the event were Academy Award winning sound designer turned film producer Resul Pookutty, Aditya Pancholi, Rakesh Bedi and theatre and film actress Shernaz Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920881", "title": "Fake cops rob two, flee with gold jewellery worth Rs3.4 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: In two separate incidents, thieves posing as cops robbed elderly women of gold valuables worth Rs3.40 lakh on Monday morning. In Ambazari police station area, a 54-year-old woman was robbed of ornaments worth Rs2.5 lakh while in the other incident, a senior citizen was duped of her gold chain worth Rs90,000 at Khamla in Rana Pratap Nagar area.Around 10.45am, Ram Nagar resident Geeta Sundaram was walking to a temple when three men came to her. Introducing themselves as cops, they asked her to remove her gold chain and keep it in the purse. While Sundaram was removing the gold chain, one of the men snatched the chain and the three fled away.Similarly, 66-year-old Mrunal Joshi was asked to remove her valuable worth Rs90,000 before the miscreants snatched them away. Joshi was walking to pay the telephone bill at Khamla office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16924933", "title": "Quality roads stressed in Mahakumbh review", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Divisional commissioner Divesh Chaturvedi along with officials of Public Works Department reviewed work related to Kumbh Mela here on Monday. Besides directing officials and staff to ensure all work was complete within the stipulated time frame, he stressed quality roads to the extent of warning imprisonment of officials if newly constructed roads were dug up.He instructed officials of the Ganga Pollution Control Unit not to dig up roads once constructed and at least till before the Kumbh Mela ends. He warned officials that even if a small portion of the road was found dug up, officials concerned would be sent to jail. He stressed taking out regular encroachment drives on the road for the ease of commuters. Mela adhikarii Mani Prasad Mishra, chief engineer, executive engineer and assistant engineers of PWD were all present during the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921215", "title": "Cops scan CCTV footage for leads to nail the man who flung infant out of train", "text": "MUMBAI: The GRP has been going through the CCTV footage of Central stations to establish the identity of the person who flung a two-year-old girl, who as dressed in a pink frock, out of a local. The girl's body was found on the tracks between Bhandup and Kanjurmarg stations. She had sustained head injuries and rats had bitten off parts of her body.\"From the visuals, we can check whether the girl was seen with any commuter and at which station the person boarded. We are also checking if any missing or abduction complaint has been lodged,\" said an GRP official.Officials confirmed the girl had been flung out of a Down slow local, either late on Saturday or early on Sunday. An autopsy was conducted at the Rajawadi post-mortem centre.Forensic experts said the girl's body was lying on the tracks for several hours before it was spotted it . \"She did not slip of the coach,Doctors said that there's a possibility that she could have been alive for a few minutes after the fall, \" the official said.The girl's pictures have been circulated at all police stations. The GRP hopes her dress will help in identification. Officials have also started inquiring at marketplaces where such dresses are sold.It is baffled why the girl was dressed in new clothes. \"Had it not been a case of foul play, her family would have come forward by now,\" an official said. No belonging of the victim was found near her body.An accidental death case has been registerd. But murder charges may be invoked soon.\"Visuals from CCTVs between CST and Bhandup stations will help us ascertain whether the baby was seen in the arms of any commuter and at what station did the person board the local. We are also cheking if any missing complaint or abduction case of a female child has been lodged with railway police stations or city police stations,\" said a senior official attached with Kurla GRPOfficials confirmed that the baby had been flung out of a Down slow local, either late on Saturday or early on Sunday. \"She definitely did not slip out of the coach accidentally. Doctors told us that she might not have died immediately; there's a possibility that she could have stayed alive for a few minutes,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922871", "title": "Hebbat Manja\u2019s associates held", "text": "BANGALORE: The Central Crime Branch police have arrested four henchmen of notorious rowdy Manja alias Hebbat Manja who is suspected to be holed up in Thailand and recovered lethal weapons from them. Manja reportedly owned up to last week's attempt on the life of educationist-builder P Dayananda Pai.Police identified the arrested as Balaji Rao Balram alias Gabba, 26, of Kottanur Dinne in JP Nagar, Kiran Venkataramanaiah, 22, Nandish Channappa, 20, Arun Kumar Yogananda Reddy alias Dinkum, 20, all three residents of Jnanajyothi Nagar, Mallaththallli.\"All the accused are facing several criminal charges including attempt to murder and threatening others with dire consequences . We are mounting pressure on all associates of Hebbat Manja, who is directing his men and their operations from Thailand now,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922505", "title": "Congress MP blasts UPA for delay in Telangana state", "text": "HYDERABAD: Local MP Madhu Yashki Goud launched a scathing attack on the Congress-led UPA government for 'playing' with the sentiments of four crore people of Telangana. He alleged that the central government was intentionally delaying the formation of separate Telangana state.Speaking to mediapersons after visiting the local passport office in Nizamabad on Monday, the MP said the Centre's game plan was out in the open as it was issuing fresh deadlines on the issue. He admitted there was no unity among Telangana Congress leaders and because of differences they had failed to bring pressure on the party high command on separate state issue. Going a step further, Madhu Yashki urged the people to attack the properties of Seemandhra leaders for \"creating hurdles in the formation of Telangana state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922988", "title": "Pro-Telangana parties cool to TJAC plan", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana political JAC is gearing up for another round of protests on November 1 on the occasion of the state formation day but finds itself facing a problem in the lukewarm response of pro-Telangana parties to its call to observe November 1 as a 'Day of Revolt' (Vidhrohi Dinam), owing mainly to their own political calculations.The Telangana Rashtra Samithi is still counting on Centre's promise, reportedly given to K Chandrasekhar Rao, and it has decided to wait till the end of the month by which time an announcement is expected on T. \"We are still hopeful that the Centre would make an announcement on Telangana following cabinet reshuffle after Dasara. We have decided to wait till the end of the month before deciding on any agitation,\" said B Vinod Kumar, former MP and TRS politburo member. While the fallen out leaders, TJAC chairman M Kodandaram and KCR are yet to meet, efforts are still on to effect a patch up between the two.T leaders have said that there would be no clarity on the course the separate statehood movement would take in the future until the duo met and ironed out their differences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16925464", "title": "Bommala Koluvu: Telugu way of celebrating Dussehra", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: For many, Dussehra means displaying big clay idols of goddess Durga and her entourage and worshiping her with devotion and gaiety. But for the Telugu community, Dussehra also means the festival of Bommala Koluvu (display of dolls).Bommala Koluvu, which is an integral part of the nine-day festival, witnesses exhibition of dolls of animals and birds and also figurines depicting the rural life of the Telugu community. Their modest village life, culture and tradition are represented in Koluvu.Decorated with colourful lights, Koluvu is adorned with dolls of all hues, predominantly, with that of gods and goddess depicting mythology. It is a traditional practice to have at least some wooden dolls. Koluvu should conventionally have a figurine of a boy and a girl together.Various clubs and associations of the Telugu people organize cultural events during Dussehra. The one such event organized by Telugu Mahila Samiti in the Andhra Association School, Kadma witnessed good response last week.Several of the women participants displayed their artistic skills in sketching Kolams (rangoli).\"The Telugu community people celebrate Dussehra festival in this way (decorating Bommala Koluvu and sketching colourful rangolis) in their households (and places such as clubs),\" said Andhra Mahila Samity member Malathi.There are many beliefs associated with Koluvu festival. It is said the celebration aims to encourage dredging and de-silting of irrigation canals and riverbeds as it utilizes the clay got from such activities. \"Koluvu has a significant connection with agriculture economy of ancient southern India,\" said septuagenarian B T Rao.When friends, relatives and well-wishers visit a person's house to see the Koluvu, they are given prasad (the offerings given to the god that day), kumkum and a small bag of gifts particularly to the married women.The visiting guests and the host chant devotional hymns and shlokas at Koluvu when puja is performed in the evening. After performing the puja, the food items that are offered to the goddess are served to the people.\"Organizing Bommala Koluvu is one way of integrating the modern and uprooted people of the (Telugu) community with the rich culture and tradition of Andhra Pradesh ,\" said C H Ram Murthy, a city-based Telugu activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922669", "title": "Lokayukta court moved against Limbavali", "text": "BANGALORE: In yet another blow to the BJP government, a private complaint has been filed before the Lokayukta court against health and family welfare minister Arvind Limbavali and 10 others for alleged violation of rules to favour a private builder allegedly for pecuniary gain.Complainant N Nagaraj has petitioned the court to initiate a probe against the minister and 10 others under Section 13 of Prevention of Corruption Act and sections of the IPC. The other accused include former BDA commissioner Bharat Lal Meena, former BBMP administrator KM Shivakumar, BBMP executive engineer P Lakshmeesh and DLF chairman KP Singh.Nagaraj alleged that Limbavali as education minister in 2009 had favoured builder DLF putting up an unauthorised construction in Hulimavu area by directing BBMP to widen the road there in violation of the revised master plan, 2015. The letter was allegedly issued by Limbavali on October 21, 2009, in violation of the Karnataka Town Planning Act and Karnataka Municipal Act to the firm, the complaint said.Nagaraj, who is the owner of the adjacent land, said he had executed a Joint Development Agreement with one Kiran, since deceased, for construction of six floors. After her death on October 23, 1998, her mother Kasturi came forward to complete the project and so the Power of Attorney was executed in her name. Kasturi, the eighth accused, executed a relinquishment deed of his property without any authority to favour DLF again for pecuniary gain, following which Limbavali issued direction to widen the road from 18 m to 24m, he alleged.Judge NK Sudhindra Rao adjourned the matter for further hearing to October 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920311", "title": "'RTE does not allow home schooling'", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an important reversal of stand, the Centre has admitted that the Right to Education Act doesn't allow home schooling.Admitting that the earlier stand was incorrect, the Centre last week urged Delhi high court to permit it to file a fresh affidavit clarifying its stand in respect of home schooling vis-a-vis the RTE Act.The U-turn by the Centre came on a petition filed by a student who argued that individuals had the right to choose their mode of education. The petition, filed by one Shreya Sahai through her mother, contended that RTE does not cater to gifted or talented children who leave the schooling system, or those in alternative schools and this anomaly must be addressed.In response, the Centre had claimed by way of an affidavit submitted in July this year that RTE equates schooling with education and said those who opt for home-schooling are free to do so. The RTE Act, which came into effect on April 1, 2010, makes it mandatory for every child (from six to 14 years old) to be enrolled in a formal school.Intervening in the adjudication of the petition, Social Jurist advocate Ashok Agarwal had strongly objected to the Centre's stand and argued that the demand on the part of Sahai for home-schooling/alternative forms of schooling and the stand taken by the Centre in support of such a demand is based on a completely casual and erroneous interpretation of the letter, spirit and intent of the RTE Act. Aggarwal contended this might lead to dismantling and weakening of the RTE Act.In the latest hearing, the court gave time to the Centre to file a new affidavit. Earlier, the Centre had also said that National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) for children in the age group of 6-14 years will only be allowed to run up to 2015. \"Parents who voluntarily opt for alternative forms of schooling may continue to do so. The RTE Act does not come in the way of such alternate schooling methodologies or declare such form of education illegal,\" it had stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16925507", "title": "10-15% rise in students going abroad for education", "text": "INDORE: Campuses in the West have for long been attracting youth in India and Indoreans too are in the race. While studying in famous institutes of US is still a dream of many since past several years, better opportunities in Canada, Australia and New Zealand are attracting youth for the last couple of years. In the last five years, there is a rise of 200-250 students moving abroad.According to city-based experts, who cater to the need of students who wish to go abroad, availability of scholarship, work permit followed by citizenship are encouraging students to move to Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Nitin Goel, founder and director, Indian Institute of Careers and Higher Education (IICHE) said, \"Though most of the students still prefer US to study under graduate and post graduate courses, of late Canada followed by Australia and New Zealand are attracting students from the city.\"He said that in last three years more number of students have started moving abroad for studying under graduate courses as there is consistent rise in number of students taking Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT).However, going by the trend, it has come to fore that students have shelved their dream to study in UK because of costly education as well as stringent laws and unemployment. \"Overall number of students going abroad from city is almost consistent since past few years but UK has witnessed downward trend mainly due to strict laws and non-availability of jobs,\" said Goel.As per the estimated figures, nearly 1,200 to 1,500 students make beeline for institutes abroad every year. Approximately, 700-800 students go to US for higher studies including UG, PG and PhD courses while 200-250 students choose UK. Though UK is still the second favourite destination of students, number of students moving to Canada, Australia and New Zealand has seen a rise with 50, 70 and 40 students respectively moving to these countries.According to a recent study conducted by one of the Indian Institutes of Management (IIM), there has been a steady annual rise of 7% Indians travelling overseas for a degree. More than 53,000 Indians went abroad in 2000 and at the end of the decade, the count shot up to 1.9 lakh. Prashant Hemnani, founder and director of Globalizers, a coaching institute said, \"There is 10-15% rise in number of students travelling abroad for higher education. Earlier, people used to worry about the cost of education but actually the cost is not high in comparison to the rewards that foreign education offers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16923007", "title": "Woman 'raised by monkeys' brings Mowgli to life", "text": "LONDON: Bringing 'The Jungle Book' to life, a British woman has claimed that she spent five years being raised by monkeys in a Colombian forest. Much like the fictional character 'Mowgli' in Rudyard Kipling's Jungle book who is raised by wolves in an Indian forest, Marina Chapman says the colony of capuchins cared for her after she was kidnapped and then abandoned.The mother-of-two survived by catching birds and rabbits with her bare hands until hunters found her, the Sun reported. They took Marina to a nearby city and sold her to a brothel. However, she managed to escape to Britain and settled in Bradford, West Yorks, where she worked as a housemaid.Marina's remarkable story has been made into a book now and TV crews plan to make a documentary about her life. The film and TV composer has helped her mother with her book 'The Girl with No Name'.\"It's assumed the kidnap went wrong. All that mum remembers is being chloroformed with a hand over her mouth. She also remembers having a black doll as a toddler,\" her daughter Vanessa said.\"Before that, all she can recall of her life is having a black doll,\" she said. After coming to Britain, Marina met church organist John Chapman and they wed in 1977. \"When we wanted food, we'd have to make noises,\" said Vanessa, adding her mother brought them up in an unusual way.Chapman believes she was born in about 1950 and she was kidnapped when she was five before being abandoned in the jungle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922413", "title": "Sec-48 community centre to open soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents of City Beautiful would be able to avail the facilities of the city's biggest community centre from next year. The MC engineering wing is in the final stages of completing the Sector-48 community centre. The project is being constructed at the cost of Rs 5.5 crore.The community centre will be the first in city to facilitate underground parking. Besides having a hall capacity of 500, the centre will also provide facilities like open lawn, rooms for elderly, library, gym, card room and table tennis room.The centre would also have a Jan Sampark centre on the premises for the convenience of residents. MC executive engineer Vishal Gupta said, \"We have completed all the major works in the building. This would be the biggest community centre of the city, where various recreational facilities will also be provided to the locals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16920966", "title": "Anxious farmers await cotton purchase", "text": "YAVATMAL: Despite clear directives from state minister for agriculture Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil to open the cotton procurement centres across the state from October 22, they were not opened on Monday in Yavatmal district. This has led to panic among the cotton growers who are anxiously waiting for the opening of the centres by the cotton marketing federation, national agricultural cooperative marketing federation of India limited (Nafed) and cotton corporation of India (CCI).According to district deputy registrar Lakshmansingh Katare, there has been no intimation to open the centres. \"We are awaiting green signal from the Nafed, and the state marketing federation to start cotton purchase,\" Katare said.However, he said that two centres, one at Ralegaon and the other at Wani, have been opened from Saturday, October 20, and over 400 quintals of cotton purchased for Rs4000-4100 per quintal.When contacted, chairman of the State Cotton Growers Marketing Federation Dr NP Hirani said representatives from the federation, Nafed and CCI, besides secretaries concerned including Sudheer Goyal, held a meeting with agriculture minister on October 17. \"We requested the government to order the opening of the cotton procurement centres immediately and direct Nafed to sign an agreement with us without further delay,\" he said. All the three agencies, agreed upon to go ahead with the procurement this year.Private traders had started purchasing cotton at Rs2800-3500 per quintal, against the minimum support price (MSP) of Rs3900 per quintal. However, on learning about the opening of the procurement centres, they have started purchasing cotton at Rs4051-4100 per quintal.Hirani stated that they are in a position to open 110 centres across the state this year if the government fulfils certain demands. \"The government should issue instructions to Nafed to sign an agreement with the federation, release the sanctioned amount of Rs50 crore, clear dues of Rs164 crore pending with Nafed and ensure bank guarantee of Rs2000 crore respectively,\" said Hirani.\"In fact, we had demanded Rs300-400 crore as margin money but the government sanctioned only Rs50 crore,\" lamented Hirani.Hirani said the federation would also seek bank loan of Rs200 crore which would enable them to immediately start the procurement, which is already delayed by 20 days.\"We have also asked the CCI to open at least 100 centres whereas they are keen to open only 50 centres across the state this season,\" informed Hirani.He further hoped that the meeting scheduled on Monday (Oct 22) in Mumbai would make a clear picture of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16921360", "title": "Campings in same spot too long did Nishan in", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Camping in one place for too long proved to be the undoing of Nishan Singh, the 18-year-old prime accused in abduction and rape of a minor from Faridkot. A day after he was nabbed and the girl recovered, it has emerged how he had planned the crime elaborately - complete with fake licences of the girl and his own (issued in the name of Jasmeet Kaur and Gurpreet Singh) and Rs 2.5 lakh fund to execute the act.The girl, a 15-year-old and Nishan were flown from Goa to Delhi on Monday evening. Punjab DGP Sumedh Singh Saini said the two had hired a hut for Rs 18,000 per month in a secluded part on Goa beach and were using fake identities to pass off as a couple.While Nishan was arrested on Sunday and produced before a magistrate in Goa, who issued a transit remand, the girl was taken to a hospital for medical examination. \"The girl refused to undergo examination, claiming she was married to Nishan Singh and no one had any business to examine her. However, we will conduct the examination after taking due approval of her parents or magistrate in Faridkot,\" he said.Giving details of the case that has given the entire police force sleepless nights, Saini said, \"Our team in Goa did not sleep for 72 hours straight as they went about looking for clues. We had sent teams to Himachal Pradesh , Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh before we got any substantial leads. But when the accused was traced in Goa, a team, along with a female constable, was airlifted to the place.\"Investigations have revealed that after the girl was abducted from her house, she was taken to Moga. \"From here, the team split and went in different directions. Nishan and the girl boarded a bus to Ludhiana and came to Chandigarh. After spending a night in Sector 22, they left for Gurgaon,\" said Saini.After that, they spent time in Paharganj area of Delhi, from where they sent a courier to Punjab police with pictures of them being a married couple along with a letter, which later became controversial after the police released it to media.On September 28, the day Faridkot came to a standstill in protest over the abduction, the girl and Nishan boarded a train to Goa. After taking renting a room, by producing fake licences, they went into hiding. A police party camping in Goa spotted the duo on Dona Paulo beach. \"There were more than 4,000 people on the beach at the time we apprehended the prime accused with the girl. It was very challenging as there was no scope for any mistake,\" said IG, Bathinda, Nirmal Dhillon who coordinated the arrest.Interestingly, the two had been hiring and borrowing motorcycles to commute around Goa. While a beach motorcycle was hired for a day on payment a few days ago, they had borrowed a two-wheeler from the owner of hut they were living in. \"The two were riding the two-wheeler without papers in North Goa when they were apprehended by traffic police and issued a challan. The landlady is still looking for her scooter,\" said Saini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "tagore nagar", "code": "16926157", "title": "Kids at Tagore Nagar bring the epic alive", "text": "TAGORE NAGAR: Students of a Tagore Nagar-based dance academy enacted scenes from Ramayana and performed dandiya and garba for audiences at the academy on Monday. As many as 16 students in the age group of three-and-a-half years to 14 years enacted various episodes of Ramleela and performed the folk dances.Deepak Kumar, 13, a student from Deep Nagar, essayed the character of Lord Ram. He said the experience to enact the idealistic king Ram was overwhelming as the audience clapped and cheered him. \"I had been practicing for this role for about 15-20 days as it was a very important part,\" he said.\"I enjoyed enacting the episodes of 'Sita vivaha' and 'Sita haran'. It is a dream role that anyone would vie for,\" said 12-year-old Archi of Ghumar Mandi, who essayed Sita's part.Anika Angrish, the four-year-old from College Road, was the youngest among the dandiya and garba ensemble. \"I love performing dandiya and garba on stage and I liked the Ramleela scenes too,\" she added.Anita Gupta, a homemaker from Tagore Nagar, was among the audience to witness her daughter Tanya's performance in the Ramleela episodes. \"The students did a commendable job while performing the scenes from Ramayana,\" she said.Dance instructor Aman Sood from the academy said the students had been preparing for over two weeks for this day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16922628", "title": "Three bikes torched in Pawan Nagar", "text": "NASHIK: Three vehicles were torched in Pawan Nagar in the wee hours of Monday.Ambad police said that unidentified persons torched the vehicles at 1am on the intervening night of Sunday and Monday. A complaint has been lodged by Amit Sangar (29), resident of Pawan Nagar, near Hanuman Temple.Sangar said that his Honda Shinde bike (MH 15 DJ 8839) and one Bajaj Discover (MH 15 DD 6149) were torched using unidentified substance. A Hero Honda Passion bike owned by Mathew Koshi, parked near Sangar's bikes also caught fire and was damaged partially.The cops rushed to the spot as soon as the incident was reported to them. There were also rumours that the miscreants who torched the bikes were seen fleeing in an auto after setting the bikes ablaze.DCP D S Swami said that the members of the Tipper gang, who have been behind similar crimes in the past in the Cidco area, are behind bars and prima facie, it appears that the bikes were set ablaze over personal enmity.In June, four people were arrested for torching vehicles in the Swami Vivekanand Nagar area of Cidco. Investigations revealed that the culprits were out to steal petrol, but wary of being followed, they torched vehicles while fleeing. All were arrested later.In the month of May, a car was torched in Upnagar after a fight between a couple. A bike was torched in Uttam Nagar after an argument between two people. The accused was identified and arrested. In January, a bike of a Nashik Road resident was set ablaze. In the same month, five taxis were torched in Dwarka a day after three trucks were set ablaze in Cidco. In both cases, the miscreants were identified and arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16924871", "title": "'Someone, somewhere needs you' message for youth to donate blood", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Acknowledging that protected, fresh and high-value blood is required during emergency services and youngsters can play a vital role, the health department has initiated measures of sensitising youngsters for voluntary blood donations.While NACO has come up with fresh theme \"Someone somewhere needs you - your donated blood is precious\", health officials have planned to approach educational institutes to promote voluntary blood donation.District Tuberculosis officer (DTO), Dr OP Shahi told TOI that \"We have been making sincere measures to reach out among youngsters especially students of colleges with the NACO's theme.\" He added that the department has chalked out a plan to promote voluntary blood donation among youngsters and officials would also be covering rural parts of the districts in the same regard.\"Undoubtedly, people aged between 18 and 60 years could donate blood, but there are more efforts to encourage youngsters to come forward for voluntary blood donation,\" said a senior official adding \"the idea of preparing a directory of rare blood group (A-, B-, AB-, and O-) owners is also needed as we could be able to offer help to rare blood group when required,\" he added.Doctors pointed out that the fresh blood can be restored for 90 days and after that, the break up of RBCs start and as a result, it is not fit for donation.Doctors claim that the city needs 50-60 units of fresh and protected blood every day and for that more stress is being laid on encouraging voluntary blood donations.Health officials meanwhile claim that they have quite been successful in erasing misconceptions about blood donation among rural masses and now hope that by setting up \" out -reach\" voluntary blood donation camps, we would be able to cope up with the demand.Officials also pointed out that currently 35-40 % of people are coming forward for voluntary blood donations but efforts are underway to touch the target of 60 percent.Additional CMO, NRHM, Dr Chandal Lal said \"People should come forward for the novel cause, as it can help in saving many lives of needy. He added that health officials are also trying to dispel various myths about blood donation.\"He also stressed that blood donation campaigns aim to increase voluntary blood donations in the district.Similarly, concept like Informational, Education and Communication (IEC) programmes regarding blood donation has been taken up at blocks, towns and villages to clear myths about blood donation.Health experts say that any person between 18 and 60 years can donate blood. Stress is being laid on collecting fresh blood and blood components, which are free from symptoms of Hepatitis-B, Hepatitis-C, syphilis, malaria and HIV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur/jaisalmer", "code": "16921388", "title": "BJP bickers over Vasundhara Raje again", "text": "JAIPUR/JAISALMER: Internal strife in the state wing of BJP has come to the fore again, with some leaders taking offence to the praise lavished on former CM Vasundhara Raje by partymen recently.Party chief whip Rajendra Singh Rathore's statement - \"Vasundhara is BJP and BJP is Vasundhara in Rajasthan\" - irked senior BJP leader Devi Singh Bhati, who said, \"No individual can be termed above the party organization.\"Bhati is a six-time MLA from Kolayat assembly constituency in Bikaner and was a cabinet minister in the Raje government. \"Rathore should refrain from making such sweeping statements. There are several other leaders in the party and an organization is only strengthened by such leaders and party workers,\" said a miffed Bhati.Warning against any show of arrogance, he said Raje is the unanimous choice for leading BJP in Rajasthan, but whether the forthcoming assembly elections will be contested under her leadership or not will be decided by the central leadership, as will the choice of CM candidate.He added that the same \"arrogance\" had decimated the Congress when the party had come up with \"India is Indira and Indira is India\".Rathore, however, reiterated that Raje was the CM-in-waiting. \"She (Raje) is the strongest party leader and the most popular among the people of Rajasthan,\" Rathore said at Bikaner.Several party leaders have expressed reservations about Rathore's statement made last Friday. However, Rathore, who is the chief whip of the BJP in the state assembly and the most trusted lieutenant of Raje, also found support from other raje loyalists including Digambar Singh and Bhawani Singh Rajawat.Another senior leader and Rajya Sabha MP, Lalit Kishor Chaturvedi, said the BJP is not an individualistic party. \"There is no doubt that the BJP's strength lies in its organization and supporters and not in any individual, unlike other parties,\" said Chaturvedi, who was also in Bikaner on Monday.Interestingly, a section of BJP has sent videoclips of Rathore's statement to the BJP brass in New Delhi to register their protest considering the fact that no formal decision has been made on who will spearhead the party's poll campaign. Assembly polls will take place in the state in December next year.Meanwhile, as the rift deepens, Bhati has launched the \"Malik Bano\" campaign in the state, urging the government to allot land to the landless. His campaign has not gone down well with the Raje camp, who see it an attempt to scuttle Raje's supremacy. When Bhati had launched the campaign, Rathore had said party leaders should not follow their individual agenda.BJP's Rajasthan in charge Kaptan Singh Solanki had on Thursday gone to Bikaner and tried to persuade Bhati to have a word with core group leaders about his campaign, but the leader didn't relent. \"Bhati campaign is good but it could have been better had he talked to the core group,\" Kaptan Singh told reporters.Raje too has planned a \"parivartan yatra\" in the next six months starting from Jodhpur in which she plans to cover the entire 200 assembly constituencies in the state. However, Bhati said the party was supporting his campaign as it was the interest of the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16925649", "title": "Over 1000 Android apps leak personal info, banking details: Study", "text": "SYDNEY: Millions of people across the globe are using 'vulnerable' Android apps, which are leaking users' personal data, a new research has said.The new study, which tested the 13,500 most popular free apps from the Google Play Store, found that 1074, almost eight per cent, used incorrect or inadequate coding.Researchers at the Leibniz University of Hannover and the Philipps University of Marburg, both in Germany, tried to hack a sample of 100 of the vulnerable apps.According to the Brisbane Times, they could easily exploit 41, of which there are at least 39.5 million users worldwide.\"We could gather bank account information, payment credentials for PayPal, American Express and others,\" the study said.\"Facebook, email and cloud storage credentials and messages were leaked, access to IP cameras was gained and control channels for apps and remote servers could be subverted,\" it added.According to the report, the researchers used a Samsung Galaxy Nexus smartphone running on Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) to carry out the tests.The researchers created a fake Wi-Fi hot spot and mounted an attack that spied on data sent and received by the apps.They were able to capture log-in details for online banking, social media, email services and corporate networks, and even disable security software, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921715", "title": "Tamil Nadu plans satellite imaging to check illegal mining", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu is set to go hi-tech to curb encroachments with its mining tenement registry through Global Information System (GIS) and satellite images. This will involve creation of a comprehensive database of mining tenements in mineral bearing areas in various districts. The registry will also provide satellite images of cities and villages with survey numbers along with details of mining leases.The illegal granite quarrying scam recently unearthed in Madurai has prompted the state government to put in place a monitoring mechanism for mining operations in the state. Monitoring via satellite imagery will help the district administration keep a close watch on the boundaries of mineral bearing areas and check violations.The registry will cover nine districts \u2014 Madurai, Coimbatore, Salem, Tirunelveli, Krishnagiri, Trichy, Ariyalur, Virudhunagar and Villupuram. \"At first, we will implement the project in Coimbatore, Salem and Tirunelveli. The remaining six districts will be added when clearances are obtained from the government,\" a senior official from the state geology and mining department told TOI.The system will display the outline of every tenement and geographically place it on the globe along with its features such as names of the lessees, extent of the areas and mineral date of grant. \"Before putting the system in place, a comprehensive study will be undertaken to collect all the information by visiting the mining sites,\" the official said. Digitization of cadastral maps (showing boundaries and ownership of land) is the first step in the creation of a GIS-enabled mining tenement registry. The mineral atlas will show mineral resources of the state as well. \"This database will be useful to track areas under mining operation and to detect illegal mining,\" he said.\"Once the system goes live, we will constantly monitor the tenements for encroachments or violations,\" he said. The software will continuously compare the original measurement of the land with the satellite pictures of lease area size. \"The system can easily detect even a few meters of encroachment,\" said the official.In Tamil Nadu, the major minerals mined and used by industries include limestone, quartz and feldspar, garnet, magnesite, silica, bauxite, vermiculite, graphite heavy mineral sand and iron ore. The director of geology and mining is empowered to grant mining lease for major minerals on patta lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16925669", "title": "Former Ranji cricketer dies", "text": "BHOPAL: His departure is a personal loss to me. Former Team India cricketer, JP Yadav expressed on the sudden demise of former Ranji cricketer from Bhopal, Raja Ali. The 36-year-old, Raja, died on Sunday night following a cardiac arrest.Talented southpaw Ali started his first-class career with Madhya Pradesh in 1996-97, but moved to Railways in 2000-01 season. He played 87 first-class matches; scoring 4337 runs at an average of 38.38, with nine centuries, and 54 List A games and scored 1312 runs with one century.\"I can not believe that Raja is no more. He was like my elder brother. His loss is irrevocable,\" JP Yadav said. JP and Raja have shared dressing room for almost 15 years for Ranji teams of Madhya Pradesh and Railways. \"I was with him last night. After one hour, I got to know about his death,\" JP said.Former Ranji cricketer, Sanjay Pandey who debuted with Raja for Madhya Pradesh in 1996 said MP has lost a talented cricketer. \"I have shared room with him for many years, while playing for MP Ranji team. I have never seen such a focused cricketer in my career,\" former speedster said.\"He was one of specialist middle-order batsmen. We have lost a talented cricketer and a good human being,\" Bhopal Divisional Cricket Association, vice-president, Aruneshwar Singhdeo said. \"He was a determined and a strong player. His ability to play at his will all over the ground had helped MP and Railways teams won crucial matches on several occasions,\" he added.Raja moved to Railways Ranji team where he continued his splendid performance. He was cremated on Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16921345", "title": "Another arrest in minor abduction case", "text": "FARIDKOT: Another person was arrested on Monday for involvement in abduction of a minor girl in Faridkot. IG (Bathinda range) Nirmal Singh Dhillon said Toofan Singh aka Toofani was a hardcore criminal and was nabbed at Jagraon in Ludhiana. Nishan Singh, an accused, had kidnapped the girl from her house in Faridkot on September 24; and he was arrested almost a month later, on October 21.The girl's parents and activists of Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee protested on Monday in front of Kotwali police station in Faridkot and rued that the police were \"adding insult to their injury\".\"Cops did not take any action initially, then they revealed the girl's identity and now they claim that she was never kidnapped. This is too much,\" said the girl's father. \"Armed goons forced into our house, attacked us and took away our daughter and the police say this wasn't kidnapping,\" he said, angrily.Condemning DGP's statement that the girl \"went away\" with Nishan, the girl's mother said a CBI inquiry should be ordered since the cops were \"shielding the accused\". \"We want our daughter back safe and sound. CBI must launch a fair investigation,\" she demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16921445", "title": "In two weeks, dengue cases shoot up in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: In just two weeks, cases of dengue have shot up in Rajasthan. The rise in cases has shattered the myth that Rajasthan is water-starved and presence of mosquito is less compared to other north Indian states.According to health department officials, after heavy rain, the number of malaria and dengue cases increase and early diagnosis is important for dengue. Delayed diagnosis could lead to death of the patient, said sources.In the past few days, a large number of dengue cases have been reported from Kota, Jaipur and Bharatpur districts.The treatment of dengue is simple and it is available at all the primary heath centres. But the timely diagnose of the dengue is always important. \"The doctors have to control the fever and also keep an eye on platelet count,\" said an official.In Jaipur too the number of dengue cases have increased, especially after October 7. In the past 15 days, as many as 51 cases of dengue have been reported in the district. The figure of dengue from January 1 to October 22 is 79 but out of 79 cases, 51 have been reported in the past 15 days alone.The department official said that it is the peak time when the dengue mosquito becomes more active.The department claimed that they are carrying out anti-larvae activities in the state to prevent the spread of vector-borne diseases. They have also advised people to use mosquito repellants and cover the body properly with clothes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921632", "title": "Producer claims he got into forgery to complete debut film", "text": "CHENNAI: A 31-year-old Tamil move producer arrested on Sunday on charges of forging documents for illegal trafficking of Sri Lankans has told his interrogators an amusing story to explain why he got into crime. Choodamani, a Sri Lankan Tamil, said he had no other way to produce his debut dream movie after the heroine of the movie eloped with the director.During questioning, Choodamani, 31, who runs a travel office in Virugambakkam, told the investigators that he wanted to get out of the illegal business as soon as he made enough money to carry on with his movie project 'Agoram' which was stalled midway. \"As Surya, the director of his movie, eloped with the heroine Pramila, he said, he didn't know what to do,\" a police officer said, quoting Choodamani's confession.\"He was forging documents to send Lankans abroad.\" Choodamani told police that he had been searching for a new director and heroine for his movie.Chennai city police personnel and 'Q' branch sleuths on Sunday raided Choodamani's office in Viurugambakkam. Choodamani was found hiding inside a bathroom in his office. Police recovered a laptop and 10 passports from his office. \"We are scrutinising the passports. Choodamani had been running a racket for the past couple of years,\" a police officer said.A senior 'Q' branch officer said police acted on a complaint from a Sri Lankan refugee in Ramanathapuram called Vasanth. Choodamani had collected 1.25 lakh from Vasanthakumar as the first installment of the 8 lakh he demanded for a forged passport and visa. His brother 'Eazha' Nehru, 45, was earlier arrested for cheating. Nehru is now detained in the special refugee camp in Chengalpet.Choodamani has been remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16925204", "title": "Google to launch Android 4.2, Samsung Nexus 10, LG Nexus 4 on Oct 29", "text": "LONDON: Internet search giant Google is reportedly planning to unveil a new tablet from Samsung, a new phone from LG, an updated operating system and an improved Nexus 7 during its upcoming event on October 29.The firm is expected to unveil at least one new Google Nexus phone as well as an enhanced version of its existing Nexus 7 tablet that will add more memory and 3G capabilities.Perhaps the most exciting product, however, is a 10-inch tablet developed with Samsung codenamed 'Manta', the Telegraph reports.According to a report by The Next Web, sources said that running an updated version of Google's Android, the new tablet will offer a 2560x1600 pixel (16:10) resolution.The device, expected to be called Nexus 10, will be among the first to offer Android 4.2, which will have incremental improvements over the current Android 4.1, the report said.The event's tagline is 'The playground is open', leading many to suspect it will feature a range of devices.The Next Web claimed that the firm will also launch LG Nexus 4 mobile handset, which will feature a quad-core 1.5GHz Qualcomm APQ8064 Snapdragon processor, 4.7-inch 1280 x 768 display, 2GB RAM, 16GB storage, an 8-megapixel rear-facing camera, a 1.3-megapixel front-facing snapper and a 2100mAh battery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921930", "title": "Single window to clear poll rallies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A single-window clearance system has been implemented for political parties and candidates seeking permission to hold political rallies and meetings. Now, permission will have to be sought only from the returning officer. Earlier, permission had to be secured from three different quarters including the returning officer, RTO, and police.\"Permission will be granted within 24 hours,\" said collector Vijay Nehra. \"However, if multiple permissions are sought to hold rallies or meetings at the same venue, permission will be granted on the first-come-first-served basis.Nehra said that three copies of the application seeking permission will have to be submitted to the police station concerned. In rural areas, applications will have to be submitted to the mamlatdar office.Candidates or party officials will have to specify the number of people and vehicles expected at the rally as well as give an estimate of the cost that will be incurred.Of the 272 printing press units which were sealed, 100 have been allowed to function after they completed the process of registration. Officials said that in all there are over 1,000 printing press units in the district which are expected to declare any political printing order. If there is any violation now, a police complaint will be registered.Collector Vijay Nehra said that the code of conduct is being implemented in its true spirit and over 34,000 political publicity material has been removed from public spaces including 2570 hoardings and 26,000 graffiti from the walls. In all, 333 political publicity material was removed from private property and spaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921072", "title": "Ministry of human resource development upgrades Bharati Vidyapeeth's grade to 'A'", "text": "PUNE: City-based Bharati Vidyapeeth, which was on the ministry of human resource development's watchlist for being part the 44 'B' category deemed universities that were given three years' time in October 2009 to overcome their deficiencies, has now moved up to the 'A' category of deemed universities.\"We received a communication from the HRD ministry on October 19 conveying us that the ministry's task force, which examined our compliance report, has accepted the same and has put us in the 'A' category,\" Bharati Vidyapeeth vice-chancellor Shivajirao Kadam said here on Monday.Kadam said, \"The category upgrade will enable Bharati Vidyapeeth to secure permanent recognition and vital grants from the University Grants Commission under sections 2 (f) and 12 (B) of the UGC Act. This will facilitate further strengthening of our academic, research activities and expansion plans.\" Setting up of an offshore campus will now be an easier option for the deemed varsity. When contacted, K Damayanthi, director (ICR) in the HRD ministry's department of higher education, said that the ministry has forwarded a letter confirming the upgrade to Bharati Vidyapeeth. \"The task force has yet to take a final call on the status of other Pune-based deemed universities listed under 'B' category institutions,\" she said.Symbiosis International University (SIU), DY Patil University (DYPU) and Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics (GIPE) are the other city-based deemed universities in this category, while the Deccan College Postgraduate Research Institute was called by the task force to make a presentation.The HRD ministry had set up an expert committee under P N Tandon, professor emeritus with the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, for a review of all deemed universities on various parameters including academics, research, infrastructure etc. In its report submitted to the ministry on October 20, 2009, the Tandon committee classified the 126 deemed universities, which appeared before the panel, in three categories, A, B and C.The 'A' category related to those institutions which, on an aggregate of their achievements; performance as well as potential, justified their continuation as deemed universities. Category 'B' related to those institutions, which on an aggregate were \"found to be deficient in some aspects\", which needed to be rectified over a three-year period for them to move into the 'A' category. The 'C' category related to those institutions, which neither on their past performance nor on their promise for the future, had the attributes to retain their status as deemed universities. The panel had recommended de-recognition of deemed status of these institutions, which have since moved the Supreme Court, where the matter is still pending.On February 21, 2011, the then HRD ministry director Upamanyu Basu issued an order stating that the performance of the 44 'B' category deemed varsities will be examined by a five-member committee comprising of the members who were part of the Tandon committee. Goverdhan Mehta of the University of Hyderabad; Anandakrishnan of IIT, Kanpur; Mrinal Miri, former vice-chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University, Shillong , and the additional secretary to the ministry are other members of the task force.Basu's order stated, \"Issues regarding expansion of these 44 institutions can be considered by the government only when they rectify the deficiencies found in the review by the Tandon committee. Some of these institutions have represented claiming to have overcome the deficiencies.The government would require the advice of the task force in order to assess whether the deficiencies have been rectified and if so how.\"Damayanthi said, \"The result of SIU's presentation is yet to be made known by the task force while the DYPU and GIPE have not yet gone through the process of making a final presentation.\" At the SIU, principal director Vidya Yeravdekar said, \"We haven't got any official communication yet from the ministry regarding this matter.\"Rajas Parchure, GIPE director, said, \"We have had one round of presentation before the HRD task force. Our final presentation is expected to happen in a month's time.\"Deccan College director V P Bhatta said, \"We were not listed in any of the three categories by the Tandon committee, but subsequently were asked by the HRD ministry to make a presentation before the task force. We made our presentation sometime in May and are still awaiting the result .\"Bhatta pointed out that the Deccan College has traditionally been very strong on research and publications. \"The task force had sought all our research and publication work details and we are quite sure about coming through with the highest grade.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922241", "title": "Yeddyurappa's threat puts Lingayats at the crossroads", "text": "BANGALORE: Will Lingayats shift their loyalty from the BJP and go with former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa ? This is one question even political pundits are struggling to answer.While a section believes that Lingayats will not shift loyalties with Jagadish Shettar -- considered the second-most influential Lingayat leader after Yeddyurappa -- at the helm in the state, others feel the community may go with Yeddyurappa to teach the BJP leadership a lesson for ill-treating their leader.The second argument looks more ominous, going by history. The Lingayats started abandoning the Congress in the 1990s, after Rajiv Gandhi summarily replaced Karnataka's ailing chief minister Veerendra Patil, a Lingayat, with S Bangarappa. Rajiv made the announcement of the change of chief minister to mediapersons at Bangalore airport, leaving the community furious.The Congress later made several attempts to win them back, but by and large, the Lingayats supported Patil's old friend Ramakrishna Hegde, despite him being a Brahmin, as he was always identified with their community. When the Janata Parivar disintegrated, the Lingayats shifted their loyalties to Yeddyurappa, founder-member and then state president of the BJP.The community's steady support pushed the BJP to power in 2008, with Yeddyurappa becoming one of the state's most powerful chief ministers. Sensing a subtle shift in the community's thinking following Yeddyurappa's ouster from power, Congress president Sonia Gandhi attempted to woo them. Earlier this year, she flew down to visit the influential Lingayat pontiff Shivakumara Swami of Siddaganga mutt in Tumkur, to participate in his 105th birthday celebrations.The consolidation of Lingayat votes in favour of the BJP will make it difficult for the Congress to form its own government. Even while the BJP is not be in a position to form the government, the party that wins a majority of seats may have to seek the help of smaller players - the JD(S), Yeddyurappa's yet-to-be formed outfit and the BSR Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16924960", "title": "Crowd management stressed in mela training to cops", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Beginning with 'Kumbh parichay' (introduction to Kumbh), human behaviour, crowd behaviour and response, security and intelligence, traffic management and contingency plan, communication and crime control are some of the modules cops are going through with the objective of developing skills in crowd management for Mahakumbh commencing from January 14, 2013.In fact, a total of 1,000 cops, ranking from constables to inspectors, are being imparted training on the focal point of crowd management by IG, Allahabad zone, Alok Sharma who is offering them constructive tips on measures to take if there is an unexpected crowd or on countering activities of rumour-mongers.Talking to TOI, IG Alok Sharma said \"It's a three-week module training for police personnel with 5 sub- modules and once the training is complete, the cops will go through a test to prove their competence\".The IG said further, \"Cops who are successful to go through the test would be given place in 'core batch' of trained cops and would be posted at police stations and police outposts equally during Mahakumbh.During the training schedule, cops are also being briefed about proper barricading, fixed parking slots, proper map and signboards in different languages indicating the routes, safe passages and measures to counter rumours are core areas for authorities concerned, regarding preventing stampede or similar situations.Be it Kumbh, Ardh Kumbh or Magh Mela, higher ups have always insisted on proper crowd management to deal with flow of devotees and pilgrims, especially on the main bathing days.Needless to say, human stampede occur most often during religious pilgrimages, as these events tend to involve a large number of people.In view of these factors, police higher ups are exercising their brains to chalk out an effective strategy for crowd management and control.Anticipating that over 10 crore pilgrims, including 60,000 foreigners are expected to visit the Mahakumbh, senior police authorities are not leaving any stone unturned to chalk out the blueprint and a core batch of trained policemen would be the reply to manage the sea of crowd especially during the main bathing days, including Makar Sankranti, Mauni Amavasya and Basant Panchmi.Secondly, there would also be additional measures ensuring that all structures for holding or channeling crowds at the public mega events are sturdy and can take heavy loads and that building safety codes are enforced strictly.Moreover, emergency procedures would also be in place during the major events governing crowd control and health services.On February 3, 1954, a stampede occurred during Kumbh Mela on the main bathing day of Mauni Amavasya at Allahabad in which around 800 persons were killed and 100 injured.The incident had undoubtedly rocked the nation and forced authorities concerned to take serious note and adopt security measures and crowd management exercise, so that similar incidents were never repeated.Meanwhile, the North Central Zone Cultural Centre (NCZCC) will organise 'Chalo Man Ganga Yamuna Teer' at the Mela grounds during Mahakumbh.In this connection, a one-day workshop will be organised at Allahabad Museum to discuss the programmes which would be showcased during Mahakumbh.Allahabad Museum director Rajesh Purohit said they would aim to present high quality programmes. A replica of mini India is being created on the banks of Sangam.Suggestions have also been sought from citizens, social activist and artists about the programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16924461", "title": "Release of water for irrigation from Mettur dam stopped", "text": "SALEM: Release of water from Mettur dam for irrigation was stopped on Tuesday morning following heavy rains in delta districts of Tiruchirapalli and Thanjavur areas, PWD sources said.The water level this morning stood at 63.93 feet against its full level of 120 feet. The inflow was 3,119 cusecs and there was no outflow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16924650", "title": "Bengalis, Gujaratis celebrate in Silk City", "text": "BERHAMPUR: They are living far away from their homelands. But, Bengali and Gujarati settlers of Berhampur have been celebrating Durga Puja in their traditional way for years. The Bengalis started celebrating puja for the first time in the Silk City around 79 years ago.\"Durga Puja is an integral part of Bengali culture. We celebrate the autumn festival wherever we reside,\" said A K Sarkar, president of Adi Durga Puja Committee in the town.The rituals started on Sunday. \"As we started the Durga Puja in the town for the first time, we named it Adi (first) Durga Puja,\" said Narayan Saha, a member of the Bengali community.Some Bengali employees of the erstwhile Bengal-Nagpur Railway organized the first Durga Puja of the community in the railway station area in 1932.The Bengalis have already established a permanent pandal at Chatterjee Lane, near Old Bus Stand. \"We have been celebrating the puja on the pandal since 1998,\" said Ashok Kumar Jana, a member of the puja committee. \"Not only Bengali families in the town but also people of other faiths gather here during the puja,\" said Deepa Rani Chakladar, a Bengali.It's also an occasion for a get-together of all Bengali families in the town. Around 500 Bengali families are living in the Silk City.\"Even though we are living away from Bengal, we are not alienated from the Bengali culture,\" said P K Sarkar, secretary of the committee. Priests and artists to make the idol are brought from West Bengal.\"Our aim is to keep the tradition alive,\" said Susanta Ghose, another Bengali.Similarly, Gujaratis celebrate Navaratri too. Gujarati girls perform \"Garaba raj\" and \"Dandia\" dances during the period.\"We celebrate the festival in our traditional manner even though we have settled here since long,\" said Naresh Vagheal, a Gujarati. Around 80 Gujarati families live in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16923849", "title": "Yash Chopra's last journey", "text": "Following the demise of legendary filmmaker Yash Chopra on Sunday evening, a pall of gloom descended upon the entire film industry.The iconic director, who had just turned 80 on September 27, and was eagerly awaiting the release of his last directorial Jab Tak Hai Jaan, died, literally speaking, with his boots on; something he had always wanted during his lifetime.At around 9pm on Sunday, the late movie mogul was ferried in an ambulance from Lilavati Hospital to Studio 3 of Yash Raj Studios. Incidentally, this was the same place where he had announced his retirement last month while revisiting his film journey with Shah Rukh Khan.Immediate family and friends of the late Yash Chopra, which included Karan Johar, Rani Mukerji, Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan stayed by his side throughout the night of Sunday. In fact, Shah Rukh, who had been one of the first ones to reach Lilavati Hospital after hearing news of his passing away, did not leave the late Chopra's side till around 5'o'clock on Monday morning. Amitabh Bachchan too was there for the longest time.Between 9am and 12pm yesterday, the filmmaker's friends and almost the whole film fraternity dropped by at the studio to pay their last respects.Among those who came were Rekha , Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Vidya Balan , Mukesh Bhatt, Pankaj Kapoor with his wife and son Shahid, Sohail Khan and wife, Sunil Shetty , Arjun Rampal and wife, Katrina Kaif , Deepika Padukone , Ranbir Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra , Imran Khan with wife Avantika, Tabu, David Dhawan with his son Varun, Kajol , Prakash Jha and Subhash Ghai .Thereafter, at around 2.10pm, the body was carried from the studio to the Pawan Hans crematorium in Juhu, with Uday Chopra sitting next to the driver. Shah Rukh, Karan Johar and Aditya Chopra were in the same ambulance along with Uday while Rani's car followed closely behind them.A separate bus was also hired to take the entire YRF staff and others from the studio to the cremation ground. There was tight security to ensure no untoward incident happened. The ambulance reached Pawan Hans with the traffic police and security keeping a strict vigil.Outside the studio and the cremation ground, a huge crowd had gathered for a final glimpse of one of the industry's most celebrated directors. One who taught the masses how to love and portrayed romance like no other in the business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921262", "title": "'No plan to hike cap on LPG cylinders yet'", "text": "PUNE: State finance and rural development minister Jayant Patil said on Monday his ministry was still to receive a proposal seeking an increase in cap on subsidized domestic LPG cylinders from six to nine a year.The decision to increase the cap on subsidized cylinders has been pending with the state government since the last one month, after the Congress announced that cap would be raised up to nine in the Congress-ruled states.According to sources, the issue is being debated at governmental level to decide whether the benefit of subsidy should be given to all consumers or only to the below poverty line (BPL) families in the state. Sources also said the government would have to bear a huge financial burden if the cap was increased to nine. Also, there has been no clarity about how to pass the subsidy amount to the beneficiaries. Sources in the government said the issue was discussed in the pre-cabinet meeting, but did not come up during the cabinet meeting.\"I am yet to receive any proposal regarding the increase in cap. I have learnt that the chief minister has discussed it with the ministry of food and civil supplies and I believe that the issue will come before the cabinet for discussion shortly,\" said Patil.Patil said he cannot comment further as it was under discussion and only the government will speak in this matter.The minister was speaking to reporters after holding a review meeting to discuss various programmes being implemented by the rural development ministry. The minister said steps were being taken to increase participation of women at local levels.He also said steps were being initiated to create awareness among villagers about constructing toilets at their homes. Some districts have shown good progress in constructing toilets, Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921287", "title": "Now, get SMS alerts on traffic jams", "text": "PUNE: Citizens will get free alerts and advisories on traffic through SMSes. After a gap of two years, the traffic police will relaunch the service on October 24 i.e. Dasara, said the status update on the facebook page of Pune traffic police. The earlier subscribers have been sent SMSes informing them about the renewed service.For those not registered for the service, send the SMS: JOIN PTP to 09219592195. To unsubscribe: LEAVE PTP and send to 09219592195. Those who have opted for do-not-disturb (DND) can also get updates.The traffic branch had started the free service two years back. People had welcomed the service then but it had to be stopped for technical reasons. Last month, deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said the technical issues have been sorted out and the service would start soon. The traffic police have also been posting traffic updates on its facebook page. Details about new traffic plans and press releases are posted on the traffic police's website, which too was started about two years back.Traffic officials said the subscribers can get real-time alerts and advisories for diversions, processions, road blocks and accidents in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920960", "title": "Nothing fishy about investments, growth of Purti", "text": "NAGPUR: Purti Power and Sugar Limited, which identifies itself as a social enterprise, has denied all charges of irregularities: from the appointment of persons known to Nitin Gadkari as directors of investor companies to loans from the IRB Group which got an important construction contract during the BJP chief's tenure as Maharashtra's PWD minister.\"Gadkari never recommended any of his assistants to be appointed as directors of any of the investor companies. It was through their own acquaintances and independent rapport that they might have been appointed. It is wrong to say that these investor companies have been taken over by persons close to Gadkari,\" Sudhir Dive, managing director of Purti Power and Sugar Ltd, said.Dive, a long-time associate of Gadkari who also served as his personal secretary, was responding to detailed email queries from TOI.The latest shareholding pattern of Purti, as provided by the company, shows that the Gadkari family has negligible direct ownership in the company. While Gadkari owns 310 shares, his elder son Nikhil owns 5,000 shares. It collectively amounts to just 0.01% stake in Purti.Although a founder-promoter and a shareholder, Gadkari does not hold any post in Purti of which he was earlier the chairman.Ideal Road Builders Pvt Ltd, which was awarded the contract for Mumbai-Pune Expressway, is one of the investors in Purti and has a 4.07% stake in the company. However, Dive maintained that there was no conflict of interest in Gadkari's relationship with IRB promoters.\"D P Mhaiskar and his company acquired shares in Purti in the year 2003. Tenders awarded to IRB were done by the central government and not PWD ministry. Even the toll contracts were given to IRB in subsequent years by Congress and NCP government,\" Dive said.He added that Purti was incorporated in the year 2000 and while raising funds for it, people who had faith in Gadkari and knew him contributed towards its equity. \"Mhaiskar and his company have also invested in our company along with other shareholders, which include farmers, individuals, other companies and service class people,\" Dive said.The Purti MD added that the capital required for Purti \"was first raised from farmers and other persons in the region\". \"Since the project was big, the entire requirement could not be completed. Thus, capital was raised from investment companies and non-banking financial companies. Some of the persons associated with these companies and members/directors of these companies were known to Gadkari,\" he said.TOI found that some of the addresses of Purti's investor firms (in Mumbai and Kolkata) were incorrect, but Dive said not much should be read into it. \"We are informed that all these companies are regular in complying with all the rules and regulations. We understand that there is some confusion about locating the addresses of some of the companies but that should not mean something is fake and fishy. However, the situation can be best explained by the concerned companies only,\" he said.Gadkari did not respond to TOI's query if the BJP believed that it was all right for contractors/firms that have benefited when a politician is in power to invest in his firms. But Dive said Gadkari \"upholds the highest level of ethical values in public life\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924757", "title": "Youth kills classmate for girl", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tussle between two college mates to woo a girl turned tragic as one of the youths killed his rival and tried to burn his body near Chandaka, on the outskirts Bhubaneswar. Though the murder took place on October 13, the matter came to light after police recovered the body of Tara Pranab Singh on Monday.Police arrested Singh's classmate Dipak Pradhan and five others. While Singh, a Plus Two student was resident of Gurujanga village near Khurda, Pradhan, his classmate is from Kumbharabasta village, nearly two km from Gurujanga. The girl is Singh's neighbour. Four of Pradhan's aides, who helped him in the murder are also college students. The fifth accused is driver of the van, used to kidnap Singh on October 13. Police have seized the van used in the crime.Police said Singh was kidnapped by Pradhan and his gang near Jatni. Singh's bike was found abandoned near the Jatni station. They strangulated him and set his body on fire in a forest near Chandaka, nearly 35 km from Khurda, a police officer said.Pradhan confessed to the murder and showed the spot where he had dumped Singh's body, police said. \"Though the kidnap and murder occurred on October 13, Singh's family informed us on October 20 about his disappearance. We lodged a missing case the same day,\" SP (Khurda) Dayanidhi Gochhayat said. \"Later we zeroed in on Pradhan after his family narrated the love triangle to us. Singh's parents told us that Pradhan used to threaten their son to keep distance from the girl,\" Gochhayat said.After laying their hands on Pradhan, police came to know about the modus operandi and nabbed his associates. Police said the girl used to speak to both. \"But it is not clear whether she was in love with any of them,\" Gochhayat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16922649", "title": "Worship of Mahalaxmi marks Navratri festival", "text": "KERI: On Sunday night, the eighth day of the Navratri festival, a large number of married women gathered in the house of Hari Joshi in Ponda-Tisk to participate in the ritualistic worship of Goddess Mahalaxmi, an idol of which is specially made from kneaded and steamed rice flour.Mahalaxmi is the goddess of wealth and prosperity who is worshipped by the newly married Brahmin women from the Konkanastha fold with varied rituals.Laxmi Jog from Sacorda, who came to participate in the festival, said, \"The newly married Brahmin women, for the first five years observe fasting and take part in the rituals observed on the eighth night of the Navratri by worshipping the goddess Mahalaxmi.\"The women by holding a copper pitcher in both hands blow air in it and perform a folk dance called 'kalashi fugdi' in a circle and, enter into a trance while dancing. This folk dance is performed throughout the night by singing folk songs praising the mother goddess.In Ponda, the idol of Mahalaxmi was made from kneaded and steamed rice flour by a teacher and artist Sudesh Vaze, from Nagueshi.Says Vaze, \"Every year I am invited to make the idol of Mahalaxmi. For more than two decades I am involved in making the idols of Mahalaxmi. I learnt this traditional folk art from my paternal uncle late Yeshwant Vaze. I derive pleasure since I am involved in divine art.\"In Sarvan at Yogeshwari temple, Brahmin women from Bicholim and surrounding areas take part in the ritualistic worship of Goddess Mahalaxmi and in the folk dance of kalashi fugdi. More than 50 women participated in the celebration this time.In the Yogeshwari temple, Dattatraya Barve from Mulgao made the idol of the Goddess Mahalaxmi. After the celebration, the idols are immersed in the river or other water bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "16925268", "title": "'Official' liquor offering marks Maha Ashtami in Ujjain", "text": "UJJAIN: Continuing the age-old tradition, Ujjain district administration on Monday offered liquor and other puja materials at 40 devi and bhairav temples on the occasion of Maha Ashtami. The ceremony began at Chobis Khamba Mata temple where collector B M Sharma conducted the puja of Mahamaya and Mahalaya idols. Liquor, puri, bhajia, sindur and other articles were offered.The divisional commissioner Arun Pandey was also present. Later, government employees' team including nayab tehsildars and kotwars began its 27 km long route on foot to cover 22 goddess temples, 17 Bhairav temples and a Hanuman temple. Liquor was poured all through the route as a part of the traditional offering.Priest Rambabu told TOI that the tradition was started by erstwhile ruler Vikramaditya to appease Gods. As per the mythological belief, new king had to be crowned in Ujjain daily as goddesses took sacrifice of the anointed person in the night. One day, the family, in which Vikramaditya was living, was sad, as it was their son's turn to become the king and to sacrifice. Vikramaditya decided to present himself instead of son and offered the puja. The goddesses got appeased with the offering and the practice of sacrifice discontinued.Interestingly, only a small amount of Rs 298 is sanctioned for the event. The Excise department, through local contractor, reportedly arranged the liquor for the offering.Photo: Commissioner Arun Pandey (extreme right) looks on as Collector B M Sharma offers liquor puja to Mahamaya idol on the occasion of Maha Ashthmi in Ujjain on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922333", "title": "Telangana Rashtra Samithi goes to police against Pawan film", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) on Monday lodged a complaint with the Banjara Hills police seeking action against film director Puri Jagannadh, producer DVV Danayya, the regional censor board officer and members of the censor board for the Pawan Kalyan starrer 'Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu' hitting the theatres whose controversial dialogues and actions it has been charged portrays Telangana people and their leaders in a bad light. The screening of the film, which released last Thursday, had been suspended in the Telangana region after protesters ransacked the theatres showing the film.In their complaint, the TRS leaders led by politburo member Sravan Dasoju said that all the aforementioned should be booked under IPC sections 504, and 505 (2), among others, for attempting to disturb public peace.The complaint listed what the TRS called various objectionable scenes and dialogues in the movie, and said: They \"are only few examples of how filmmakers have attacked the very spirit of the Telangana movement and ridiculed the sacrifices of hundreds of youth. The very plot of the movie itself is malicious\". The party has also charged the censor board commissioner and members for what they have described is their alleged collusion with the filmmakers. \"For such a provocative film that promotes animosity between two regions, no clearance should have been given by the censor board,\" the complaint said. The film is absurd and has wicked intentions to create a rift between the people of different castes, religions and regions and the government should ban public exhibition of the film, it said.Referring to the reviewing committee set up by the state government which has recommended 15 cuts on the grounds that they were objectionable and controversial, the TRS said: \"We fail to understand why the censor board screening committee and the censor board regional officer could not identify the same and remove them from the film before the release itself\". and charged that it clearly shows that both the film makers and censor board officials have colluded and gave clearance to the film without effecting the necessary cuts. Therefore, cases should be registered against Jagannadh, Dhannaiah and censor board officials, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16922784", "title": "\u2018Release Kasab or your plane will be hijacked\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A call about a plane being hijacked to secure the release of 26/11 convict Ajmal Kasab triggered panic and delayed a Bangalore-bound Jet Airways flight, with 46 passengers on board, by around three hours on Monday evening. It turned out to be a hoax call after security agencies carried out a thorough search and investigation.The airline, it could be recalled, had received a hoax call about a hijack on May 7 as well. Officials are trying to find out if there is any connection between the two incidents.The flight was scheduled to leave at 4.10pm. Around 4pm, when it was almost ready for take-off\u2014the passengers were in their seats, the gates were bolted and the plane was ready to leave its bay and taxi towards the runway\u2014the airline's call centre received the call.\"The caller said the flight would be hijacked to help secure Kasab's release. The caller reportedly identified himself as Vikas Yadav. The call centre forwarded the information to the airport and the flight was halted,\" a senior police official said. According to airport officials, the usual protocol was followed soon after. \"The passengers were deplaned and individual checks were conducted on them. All hand baggage was checked again. The Central Industrial Security Force and the police also conducted checks on the aircraft to ensure that no prohibited item was hidden on board,\" an airport official said. \"Nothing was found during the checks and the call was declared a hoax,\" he added. The flight eventually left at 7.30pm with 41 passengers as five flyers reportedly opted for other flights.A Jet Airways spokesperson confirmed the incident.Cops said the employee who answered the call found the number familiar. \"The call came to the airline's office in MIDC. The staffer said the caller might have contacted them earlier as the number looked familiar. We are trying to trace the number and check if the caller has a history of contacting the call centre,\" an official said.Some reports claimed that the caller was the same person who was involved in the May 7 incident. (see box). \"There is no such apparent link yet, but we are probing the matter,\" a security official said. No police complaint has been filed yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16921011", "title": "Sahara Force India on a steady track?", "text": "It was a big moment for Indian motorsports in 2008 when one got the first glimpse of Force India VJM01, with the historic Gateway of India in Mumbai serving as the backdrop.A consortium led by Vijay Mallya and Michiel Mol bought the Spyker F1 team for \u00a390 million in October 2007, and when Adrian Sutil and Giancarlo Fisichella lined up at the 2008 Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne , India were finally on the F1 map. Over the next five years, the team has certainly come a long way - from the back of the grid to firmly ensconcing itself in the middle.Force India, which started off with an updated version of the Spyker F8-VIIB chassis with Ferrari engines, went through 29 races without scoring a point before making its presence felt at the 2009 Belgian GP with a historic pole.And Fisichella didn't let the pole go waste with a second-place finish. It was followed by Sutil's fourth-place finish in the next race, the Italian GP .Those were the only high points for the team that season as it could manage only 13 points to finish a poor ninth in the constructors' championship.Between 2009 and 2010, the team made remarkable progress and much credit for that goes to technical director James Key . Key was part of the Silverstone-based outfit since 1998 in its original incarnation of Jordan and he mainly focused on the aerodynamic development of the car.Sahara India Pariwar bought 42.5% stake in the team for $100 million last year and the team, renamed Sahara Force India (SFI), hasn't looked back since. They currently lie seventh in constructors' standings with 89 points.Force India driver Paul Di Resta believes 'continuity' has been the key to team's improved showing. \"When a team starts to grows, the infrastructure grows along with it.At SFI, the personnel have remained the same in the last two years. We have been focusing on smaller, but key, areas of the car and getting the benefits,\" Di Resta told TOI on Monday.Andrew Green is the current technical director of the team and Di Resta believes the VJM05 is vastly different from VJM01. \"The aerodynamics of the car is working a lot better now, and the balance has also improved,\" Di Resta's teammate, Nico Hulkenberg , added.With the Airtel Indian Grand Prix less than a week away, SFI drivers have a lot in their minds, particularly the financial problems dogging the team's owner, Mallya.Will that affect the mindset of the drivers? \"These are two different things. We are part of the racing team based in UK and these are issues not for us to comment on. When you are strapped in the car you drive as fast as you can without thinking about anything else,\" Hulkenberg said.Both drivers consider the India GP 'special' though. \"It is definitely a special race given what India is to this team. Awareness of F1 has definitely grown in India and it was nice to see the amount of support we had last year. It's not often that you see the whole country cheering for an individual team,\" Di Resta added.India ConnectThe world always remembers anything 'first', and for India, Narain Karthikeyan will always remain the country's first F1 driver.Seven years after making his F1 debut with Jordan at the 2005 Australian GP , Narain will be the sole Indian driver at this Sunday's Indian GP-this time for team HRT. His only point-scoring finish was a fourth place at the 2005 US Grand Prix, where only six cars competed.After 2005, Narain spent six years away from F1 before getting a Hispania drive last year. In 2012, the Chennai driver finally got a chance to drive for an entire season with HRT.Team WatchRED BULL RACINGRBR has been the team to beat over the last two seasons and this season looks no different either, with Sebastian Vettel leading Ferrari rival Fernando Alonso by six points.Base: Milton Keynes, UKTeam Principal: Christian HornerTechnical Chief: Adrian NeweyDrivers: Sebastian Vettel, Mark WebberFirst Season: 2005World Championships: 22012 Report Card: Red Bull has topped the podium six times already, with Vettel winning four times and Webber twice. In constructors' standings, Red Bull lead Ferrari by a whopping 77 points.SAHARA FORCE INDIASince the former Spyker team took the grid as Force India in 2008, followed by a points-less season, the team has seen a steady ascendancy since 2009.They were seventh in 2010, sixth last season and some good showing in the last four races of the season could see them take the sixth spot again.Base: Silverstone, UKTeam Principal: Vijay MallyaTechnical Chief: Andrew GreenDrivers: Paul di Resta, Nico HulkenbergFirst Season: 20082012 Report Card: Barring three races - Canadian, British and Hungarian GPs - SFI has scored points in all the other races. The second half of the season has been particularly good for the team. Currently SFI lies seventh on 89 points.Did You KnowWhat is Formula One?'Formula' refers to a set of rules which all cars must comply. An F1 season consists of a series of races, known as Grands Prix (from French, originally meaning grand prizes). Results of each race are combined with a points system to determine two titles - for drivers and for constructors.What happens during a race weekend?It runs from Friday to Sunday. There are two practice sessions on Friday. On Saturday, there's another practice session followed by the qualifying which determines who starts from which position. Qualifying is conducted in shootout format. In the first session, the slowest 7 drivers are eliminated, and 7 more in the second. The 10 fastest drivers fight for the pole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921012", "title": "Congress not soft on Gadkari: Sandeep Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday said enforcement agencies were competent to take cognizance of allegations against BJP chief Nitin Gadkari which were in public domain.AICC spokesman Sandeep Dikshit said, \"We are not soft on BJP. There are allegations in public space. Authorities like Sebi, income tax department and finance ministry are more than competent... they can take cognizance.\"He was responding to queries on why Congress was silent on charges that Gadkari, as minister in Maharashtra, had business dealings with a company. Dikshit maintained that politics could not get into people's business.While the AICC spokesman's stance could be seen as dictated by the fact that similar charges have been made against party chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra, Dikshit said the party view was fashioned by the basics of ethical behaviour.He said if there were charges of misdemeanour as a minister or part of executive against Gadkari or anybody, then Congress reaction would have been different but the charges against the BJP chief were purely personal in nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16926417", "title": "Senior journalist dies in accident at Kohara", "text": "LUDHIANA: Amrita Chaudhry, a senior journalist with a national daily, died after suffering critical injuries in a road accident at Kohara, near here, in the wee hours of Monday. Many prominent persons have expressed shock over her demise.Describing her as a bold, straightforward and promising journalist, Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) vice-chancellor Baldev Singh Dhillon said, \"PAU has always been proud of having contributed excellent scribes, like Amrita, to the state. Her untimely demise is a great shock.\"\"It is a big loss,\" said Gurbhajan Gill, Punjabi Sahitya Akademi president. \"It is unbelievable. She was a courageous journalist who covered PAU for many years,\" said Dr Jagtar Dhiman, PAU additional director (research). Pirthipal Singh Batala, president, Sports Council of Ludhiana, said, \"Her untimely demise is a shocking news. We admired her journalistic efforts. May her soul rest in peace.\" A two-minute silence was observed during the half time of the ongoing hockey match at the PAU Turf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922881", "title": "Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force files FIR against R Ashoka", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF) police have filed an FIR against deputy chief minister and home minister R Ashoka for alleged irregularities in the allotment of bagair hukum land to mayor D Venkatesh Murthy.Murthy and his wife had allegedly obtained eight acres of land at Somanahalli, near Uttarahalli, claiming to be landless farm labourers. Ashoka was allegedly on the bagair hukum land allotment panel.The BMTF had earlier filed a case against Murthy and his wife. The couple approached the high court, which granted a stay in the case. Ashoka was later issued a showcause notice in the case by BMTF.BMTF chief RP Sharma did not respond to calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "leeds", "code": "16922795", "title": "Advani, Sethi remain unbeaten in World Billiards Championships", "text": "LEEDS: Seven-time world champion Pankaj Advani , veteran Geet Sethi and Dhruv Sitwala continued their unbeaten run in time format after outplaying their rivals in the World Billiards Championships on Sunday.Advani whipped John Hartley of England 630-294, Sethi routed Nalin Patel 522-268 and Sitwala virtually toyed with Australia's Neil Bolton in a 572-156 win.Another Indian cueist, Sourav Kothari from Kolkata, also began his campaign impressively by securing comfortable victories over Wayne Doyle, Phil Davis and Robin Wilson in Group I.Alok Kumar too brought his campaign back on track after prevailing over David Causier of England 593-477 in a hard-fought battle in Group D.Devendra Joshi, Rupesh Shah and Siddharth Parikh also won their respective matches in the time format. Manish Jain also returned to winning ways, thrashing countrymate Revanna Umadevi 379-184 in Group K.In Group B, Balachandra Bhaskar defeated Rick Kendall of Canada 581-142 and then won against England's Matthew Sutton 408-260.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16924990", "title": "Durga puja celebrations at Cantonment area", "text": "MHOW: Durga puja celebrations at the Army area are underway in Mhow near Military Hospital. On Monday, the Bengali community residing in the cantonment celebrated Ashtmi festival, in which a large number of community members offered pushpanjali (floral tribute) to Goddess Durga. Priest, who specially arrived from Kolkata, performed worship.A cultural programme was also organized in the evening.Mhow Durga Puja committee secretary Col P Majumdar said the committee president Maj Gen (retired) Dipak Mukherjee also took part in pushpanjali in the afternoon and in the cultural activities held in the evening.This is the 45th year of celebration of the festival in Mhow at the same venue where it is being organized now. In 1968, a group of Bengali officers decided to celebrate Durga puja on the lines of festivities in Bengal.The main attraction of the celebration in Mhow is that it is being celebrated in the traditional Bengali way and all the rituals are followed in the way they are followed in Kolkata.The dhunuchi dance performed by the priest during the arti was the main attraction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16925648", "title": "For them, maa hee Durga hai", "text": "It's hard to put in a few words the feminine power and its influence on my life. Though my mother doesn't possess arms like the goddess, both her arms are highly supportive. She is like the divine source of power for me to defeat all demons of today's life---failure, disguise and distress--and helps me become a warrior to fight against it. She is 'Sarvartha sadhike', who fulfils all the desires and 'Bhayebhyah Traahi' protects from all kinds of fear. I am blessed to have you in my life dear mom.Swati Nair, RaipurFor me, my mother is Durga as she encourages me to face problems of life with a smile. She is helping and kind-hearted. She never panics in any situation and is highly positive in attitude. She is adorable and divine.Divyashree RoyAs we call her maa, my mom is Durga in my life. When there is something that I don't have, she already knows beforehand what I need. She has a great instinct and always knows what may harm me. She is always with me. Whether physically or not, she'll never leave me even if I commit blunders. She is the mirror image of Maa Durga. She is the kind of person without whom I feel so helpless. I fast for nine days and I pray to Maa Durga that my mom always smiles, because if she is smiling we all will too.Preeti Chourasia, JabalpurMy aunty is Durga of my life, because she is the only a person in my family who can understand me and I can share my secrets, feelings and problems. She always gives me the right solutions. When I am confused, she understands what is right or wrong. My Durga's name is Reena Singh.Manu SinghMaa Durga means auspicious qualities (such as divine, purity, blessings, calmness, sacrifice, intelligence, caring, love) and I found all of these in my mother.Sudhanshu Rai, BhopalEach day brings with it a set of new challenges on a personal, emotional, physical and professional fronts and each moment we talk to ourselves to deal with nuances, cajoling ourselves to overcome the glitches and turmoil and constantly reframing and renewing our views to fight the evil and celebrate the goodness in us so as to evolve through the journey called life. The very own Durga in my life is me!! I acknowledge it; worship it as my very own existence is the reason for my today!Dr Monica Chauhan, JabalpurThe Durga in my life is my cousin Anubha Banerji. She is my best friend, my best guide, best and most patient, critical and a trustworthy listener to all my talks--private and official, no chugli. She guides me, though in a diplomatic way when I am confused and leaves me in a dilemma then, but never betrays or forsakes me. She would always assist me against all the conservative drama over that small top or skirt or new hairstyle, but would never let me cross the line and keep all baddies away from me and herself. She is highly intelligent and beautiful. She is the best. I respect and love her just like my Durga Maa.Anushri Banerji, Jabalpur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921122", "title": "Ashtami celebrated with enthusiasm", "text": "PUNE: The Bengali community in the city performed 'Sandhi puja' on the eighth day of the Navaratra festival on Monday with much fanfare. Various Bengali samitis are now gearing up for the big day on October 23, the Maha Navami.Maha Ashtami, also known as Durgashtami, marks the eighth day of the Navaratra festival and is celebrated as one of the most auspicious occasions. Maha Navami is the ninth and the final day of the festival when various pockets of the city immerse in a host of celebrations, all aimed at revering goddess Durga in her various avatars.Subir Sengupta, general secretary of the Kali Bari Samiti, said, \"The eighth day of the festival began with the Maha Ashtami puja which is a part of 'akaal bodhan', which refers to an uncustomary time for commencement of the worship. Goddess Durga, according to the Purana, is worshipped in the spring time. However, worshipping her in the month of autumn is called 'akaal bodhan'.\"Sengupta explained the lore behind this form of worship. \"When Ravana took Sita to Lanka, Rama needed goddess Durga's blessings to defeat the devil king. But the goddess was asleep during this period and Rama had to wake her and perform an untimely puja to appease her. Thus, 'akaal bodhan' started from October 19 this Navaratra and will commence on October 23,\" said Sengupta. He added that the samiti performed the Sandhi puja at midnight on Monday. \"The Sandhi puja is performed during the intersection of Maha Ashtami and Maha Navami. Vegetables and roots such as white pumpkin or stems such as sugar cane and ginger are offered to the goddess during this puja, which lasts for only few minutes,\" he said.The eighth day also saw devotees performing rituals such as 'pushpanjali', which involves chanting of mantras and presenting flowers to the goddess in lieu of her blessings.Rajesh Burman, general secretary, Bangiya Sanskriti Samsad Durgotsav Samiti, at the Congress Bhavan in Pune, said, \"The Maha Navami puja will commence at 6.30 am on Tuesday and will continue for around three hours. The 'kumari puja' will start at 10:30 am when girls under ten years of age will be worshipped as the manifestation of the goddess. These girls are then offered food.\"Burman added that the samiti members are expecting about 8,000 devotees on Tuesday during the 'bhog' ceremony when sumptuous fare such as 'khichuri', mixed vegetables, 'kheer' or 'payesh', 'rasgulla' and tomato 'chatni' will be distributed as 'prasad'. \"Evening would see the 'sandhya aarti', followed by a cultural programme comprising performances in music, singing and standup comedy,\" said Burman.Paschim Pune Bangiya Parishad will begin its Maha Navami puja at 10 am on Tuesday followed by the 'pushpanjali' ritual. \"We would also conduct a 'havan' ceremony at around 3 pm, followed by 'purnahuti', which marks the end of the ceremony. 'Havan' is performed to worship the local deities in the vicinity. We also have a cultural programme lined up for the evening today,\" said Gautam Ghosh, the president of the Parishad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922285", "title": "Resorts in forests face crackdown", "text": "BANGALORE: To restrict tiger tourism, the state government on Monday decided to serve notice to resorts operating in the core and peripheral areas of the Bandipur and Nagarahole reserve forests.In the backdrop of the Centre's assurance to the Supreme Court that there would be no permanent tourist facilities in core areas of reserve forests, minister CP Yogeshwara said 25-30 private lodges in the buffer zone will face action. Some are run by kith and kin of influential persons.\"The move has been initiated as per the SC order to preserve the buffer zone of tiger reserves and elephant corridors in Bandipur and Nagarahole,\" the forest minister told reporters on Monday.The SC order was based on a study which said the tiger's natural habitat in Bandipur and Nagarahole is being disturbed. The order has compelled the state government to clear the core forest area and buffer zone of private lodges.Minister says JLR won't be disturbedForest minister CP Yogeshwara on Monday said the government-run Jungle Lodges and Resorts (JLR) will be not disturbed as its facilities don't fall under the tiger buffer zone or the elephant corridor. However, JLR has been asked to do away with tiger tourism activities in coming years. \"The forest department's objective is to conserve and preserve forest, not to conduct tourism activities.\"Yogeshwara said the tiger population in Bandipur and Nagarahole forests has increased . He has directed the tourism department to limit tiger safaris to tourists.The department has decided to close down all its guest houses situated in the core areas in the forests. \"These buildings will be utilized for research and study purposes,\" the minister said.A notification will be issued to acquire resorts located deep inside the jungles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16922904", "title": "Cop on patrol duty attacked by duo, injured", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: A policeman, who was on patrol duty near Aruppukottai in Virudhunagar district, was injured after he was stabbed by two unidentified persons with a knife, late on Sunday night. The policeman was later taken to the Aruppukottai Government hospital for treatment.According to police, the victim, Mahaganapathy, a police constable attached to the Paralachi police station near Aruppukottai was on his patrolling duty. \"When Mahaganapathy was doing the rounds near the Aruppukottai bus stand late on Sunday night, he noticed two men in an inebriated condition standing there with their two-wheeler. He approached them and made inquiries. Not convinced with their replies, Mahaganapathy grew suspicious and asked them to come with him to the police station. But, suddenly the duo assaulted and stabbed him with a knife. Later, they fled from the spot leaving behind their two-wheeler,\" police said.Mahaganapathy immediately called up the Paralachi police station and informed his colleagues about the incident. The police personnel rushed to the spot and took Mahaganapathy to the Aruppukottai Government Hospital where he is being provided treatment, police said.Mahaganapathy is now recuperating and his condition is stated to be stable.Police have registered a case against the two for assaulting a policeman on duty and are on the hunt for the accused. On Monday, police identified one P Kalimuthu (36) of Othakadai as one of the two accused, though they are yet to arrest him.\"The two-wheeler left by the two accused at the spot of the incident has been seized. We have identified one person and we will identify the other and nab them both very soon,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16924557", "title": "Amrita Arora\u2019s baby Rayaan brings her great joy", "text": "Amrita Arora is now a mom twice over. In 2010 her first son Azaan was born. On Saturday Amrita and her husband Shakeel Ladak were blessed with another baby boy.The couple has named their second son Rayaan.And to think that just a few days earlier Amrita was seen at her best friend Kareena Kapoor's mehndi ceremony, looking radiant and heavily pregnant.Says a friend of Amrita, \"Despite doctors' orders,Amrita insisted on attending Kareena's sangeet ceremony. She insisted she wouldn't miss it for the world.\"Confirming the news Amrita said, \"Yes ,we've named our baby boy Rayaan. He's adorable.His name means, 'the door to paradise'. I am happy to be looking after my two boys and have no plans of returning to films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16921827", "title": "Sibling murder case verdict on Oct 29", "text": "COIMBATORE: Exactly two years after Muskan and Hrithik Jain were found murdered, the fate of R Manoharan, the lone surviving accused in the case, will be decided on October 29 by the Mahila court here.The bodies of the siblings were retrieved from Parambikulam-Aliyar-Project (PAP) canal on October 29, 2010. The trial began on June 23, 2011, after the prime accused Mohanakrishan was allegedly shot dead by the city police in a shootout on November 8, 2010 when he tried to escape.On the final day of the hearing before judge MP Subramaniam on Monday evening, defense counsel A Sharmila argued that before tracing the dead bodies of the children, the city police had altered the case to rape from girl missing case.The police had pre-planned to register the case. She added that there were no eyewitnesses in the case. The circumstantial evidence and sequences were interconnected without solid proof. Hence, the case should be dismissed.She said the prosecution had failed to prove that the accused had conspired five days before the incident for ransom as they didn't demand money from the parents of the children.Sharmila argued that there was no evidence to implicate Manoharan in the kidnap, rape and murder. He was not aware about the kidnapping and had spent some time with Mohanakrishnan. While police claimed that they arrested Mohanakrishnan from his house at Angalakurichi near Pollachi on October 29 at around 9pm, the network of the accused's mobile phone showed that he was at Kinathukadavu on the same day at around 9.30pm. So, the police did not mention the exact arrest time.Prosecution counsel J Shankara Narayanan argued that there were nine eyewitnesses who had seen the siblings along with the accused. Manoharan had already given a statement confessing to the crime that was recorded by a judicial magistrate.After the hearing, judge Subramaniam announced that the verdict would be delivered on October 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "16926670", "title": "Watches with Cong MLA's photo seized in Gujarat", "text": "JAMNAGAR: Election officials have seized a cache of watches, bearing name and photograph of a Congress MLA, meant for distribution during navratri celebrations in Moti Khawadi village, officials said.\"Around 154 watches bearing name and photograph of Congress MLA Raghavji Patel from Jodia constituency have been seized for violation of model code of conduct (MCC),\" Y B Srinivasan, an EC official said.\"A detailed report of it will be sent to election commission head office,\" he said.The wall clocks were meant for distribution during an event organised as part of the ongoing navratri festival celebrations, Srinivasan said.The event organisers along with party workers had begun distribution of watches when the seizure was made, sources said.The MCC came into force from October 3, in election bound Gujarat. The Assembly polls in the state are slated to be held in two phases on December 13 and 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16923024", "title": "Groundwater drilling causing quakes?", "text": "LONDON: Groundwater removal may have caused the deadly 2011 earthquake in Lorca, scientists studying the fault beneath the Spanish city have said. Detailed surface maps from satellite studies allowed the scientists to infer which parts of the ground moved where.Scientists found that those shifts correlate with locations where water has been drained for years, the 'BBC News' found. The study highlights how human activity such as drainage or borehole drilling can have far-reaching seismic effects.Researchers led by Pablo Gonzalez of the University of Western Ontario used satellite radar data to trace the ground movements of the Lorca event back to their source, finding that the earthquake resulted from slippage on a comparatively shallow fault that borders a large water basin south of the city.That the slippage happened at a depth of just 3km explains why the fairly mild magnitude 5.1 quake caused so much damage in the area.The team went on to study potential reasons for the slippage, finding that the water table in the adjacent Alto Guadalentin basin had dropped by some 250m over the last 50 years as water was drained for irrigation in the region.The study calculations show that this created stresses on the fault that initially triggered the earthquake and defined its eventual magnitude. However, the area lies on a seismically active region, and the data suggest only that the water drainage sped up and eventually triggered a process that would have eventually happened anyway.The study was published in Nature Geoscience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922290", "title": "Grand Ashtami Celebrations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bengalis in the city celebrated the eight day of Navaratra, Ashtami, which marks the third day of Durga puja, with a special prayer in the morning and Chandi Path followed by a \"bhog\" in the afternoon.Cooked by a Brahmin woman who fasted all through the day, the \"bhog\" comprised five cooked dishes, a special chutney and \"payas\" (prasadam). Cooked vegetables, including brinjal, pumpkin, potatoes, cauliflower and beans, were served to devotees along with \"khichdi\", which is a must during the celebration.\"The \"bhog\" is made with utmost care and purity. The woman who cooks it fasts the whole day and prepares it after attending the puja. The whole community gets together for the \"bhog\". It is not made individually at homes,\" said Ira Chakraborty, president of the committee that celebrates Durga puja here each year.For \"sandhi puja\", which is performed during the auspicious night between eighth and ninth Navaratra, 108 lotus buds were handpicked for a garland of goddess Durga. As many as 108 \"diyas\" will be lit. A \"maha arti\" or prayer is hosted in the evening which witnesses devotees from across the city.Celebrations were on throughout the day at Banga Bhawan, Sector 35, Kalibari, Chandigarh, and Community Centre, Sector 20, Panchkula.At Banga Bhawan, the gathering had a mix of staunch devotes who had been attending the puja here since 20 years and others who came for the first time.\"I have come here for the first time with my friends. We are thoroughly enjoying the celebration. The bhog is delicious and the whole atmosphere is pious and pure. It feels great to attend it,\" said Mankiran Kaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921084", "title": "BJP dares Digvijaya on Atal, Advani kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting against Digvijaya Singh's comments about Congress having evidence against the relatives of A B Vajpayee and L K Advani, BJP on Monday dared him to make the evidence public, saying the opposition party did not need this show of \"magnanimity\".\"We do not want this magnanimity from Digvijaya Singh... These are small, I would not say petty, ways of diverting attention from the issue of corruption. Family is not the issue here. It is corruption,\" BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said, adding that Singh had the habit of making claims which he failed to prove later.She insisted that Congress was not known for being kind to its opponents and dared Singh to go ahead if he had proof of kin of Vajpayee and Advani being involved in corruption.Sitharaman said after the 26/11 attacks, Singh had claimed to have received a phone call from an officer but could not corroborate it. \"This is in the DNA of the Congress. This is how Congress functions. You will never get a clarification from it,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16920369", "title": "10 years on, Britain embraces Modi, the \u2018untouchable\u2019", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The United Kingdom ended its decade-long boycott of the Gujarat chief minister on Monday with its high commissioner to India James Bevan meeting Narendra Modi for the first time after the 2002 communal riots. The two discussed opportunities for economic cooperation and ensuring justice for the three British nationals killed in the riots.\"The engagement was always there. We now look forward to increased ties,\" said Bevan in Ahmedabad after the meeting. \"As we improve ties with India, we can't ignore Gujarat.\"In Sadbhavana mode Modi made a gesture by presenting two paintings on cloth to Bevan with the Tree of Life motif. The paintings were made in the traditional Rogan art form by Muslim families in Kutch.The UK had dissociated itself from the Gujarat government after the post-Godhra riots to protest alleged lack of religious freedom for minorities.The British high commissioner also met Gujarat governor Dr Kamla, state Congress chief Arjun Modhwadia and human rights activists during his eight-hour visit.After his 50-minuite meeting with Modi, Bevan insisted that the UK's engagement should not been as any endorsement of a particular person. The high commissioner raised the issue of justice to families of three British nationals killed in the riots. Six people are being tried for killing the three - all Muslims of Indian origin - on February 28, 2002 near Prantij in Sabarkantha.\"We hope for a speedy trial. Judicial trials of the 2002 riot cases have seen convictions including a former member of the Gujarat government,\" he said referring to life sentence to former minister Maya Kodnani.Modi welcomed the decision of British Prime Minister David Cameron to strengthen and develop relations with Gujarat. Keeping in mind the large Gujarati community in the UK, Modi urged Bevan to start an office of the deputy British high commission in Gujarat.The UK India Business Council has agreed to partner the Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors' Summit in January next year. Modi said there were great opportunities for British companies, particularly in projects like Gujarat International Finance Tec-city and port development.He remained non-committal on Modi becoming eligible for a UK visa. \"He hasn't applied for a visa as of now. We will consider it as and when it happens. We take every application on a case to case basis,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16925959", "title": "Sri Lanka drafts in ex-LTTE members in SAG shooting probables", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lanka has included three ex-LTTE marksmen as members of the national rifle shooters' pool for the South Asian Games to be held in New Delhi next year.The three ex-LTTErs -- Kanakasuntharam Rajeewan, Thayabaran Thaventhiran and Sellamuttu Suresh Kumar -- are among 135 who are undergoing athletics training at the rehabilitation centres.They received shooting rifles from Sports Minister Mahindananda Aluthgamage recently at the ministry.\"The Ministry of Sports hopes they can represent Sri Lanka at the South Asian Games (SAG) in New Delhi next year. Ex -LTTE members who have shown exceptional skill, on par with national level athletes have been selected for national squads,\" a Sport Ministry spokesman said.\"These athletes were chosen at talent identification camps held for former LTTE members undergoing rehabilitation,\" he added.Nearly 11,000 LTTErs who had surrendered to government troops during the final battle in May 2009 were put through the process of rehabilitation where they were given life skills and English language training.Most of them have been reintegrated in to civilian life, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922750", "title": "CM tells officials to ensure implementation of initiatives", "text": "LUCKNOW: Directing the state bureaucracy to ensure that all the development initiatives are implemented in a time-bound manner and without any compromise on quality, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday said that all development and public welfare schemes should be expedited.In a meeting of departmental heads, the chief minister also said that he would undertake random checks of development schemes starting November, where district magistrates would have to furnish details about the implementation of schemes in their respective areas.Akhilesh also directed all departmental heads to ensure that funds released for schemes reach the designated districts and are appropriately utilised. He also said that chief secretary Jawed Usmani would review the progress of these schemes on a fortnightly basis and present a detailed report before him. The chief minister also said that with the rainy season over, all construction work should be started immediately; the CM also directed officials to undertake field trips to assess on-ground implementation of schemes.Akhilesh also asked officials that the central funds be released for various centrally-aided schemes being implemented in UP. He said that a concerted action plan to upgrade and strengthen the buildings of government inter colleges and government girls' inter colleges should be made, and instructed officials to ensure that Agra Medical College is given round-the-clock power supply through an independent feeder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922752", "title": "Railways to run two trains to ease rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: To make it convenient for passengers during festival, Railways have decided to run special train 04028/04027 Delhi-Guwahati Weekly Express. The train number 04028 will depart from Delhi on every Monday till November 26 at 03.05 p.m. to reach Guwahati at 05.00 p.m. on Wednesday. In the return direction, train number 04027 will depart from Guwahati on every Wednesday till November 28 at 11.25 p.m. to reach Delhi at 12.35 p.m. on Friday. The train will comprise one AC II tier, one AC III tier, seven sleeper coaches and three general second class coaches.The train will stop at Ghaziabad, Moradabad, Bareilly, Lucknow, Gonda, Basti, Gorakhpur, Deoria, Siwan, Chhapra, Sonepur, Hajipur, Muzaffarpur, Samastipur, Khagaria, Katihar, Kishanganj, New Jalpaiguri, Siliguri, New Mal, Hasimara, Alipur Dwar, Kokrajhar, New Bongaigaon, Goalpara Town and Kamakhya stations enroute in both directions.Another festival special train between Delhi and Howrah (train number 03066) will run for single trip. The train 03066 will depart from New Delhi on October 24 (Wednesday) at 12.20 p.m. to reach Howrah at 11.05 a.m. the next day. It will consist of one AC II tier and two AC III tier, seven sleeper class, two general class coaches and two disabled-friendly second class cum luggage vans. The train will stop at Asansol, Dhanbad, Gaya, Mughalsarai, Allahabad and Kanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16922843", "title": "Community funding of puja is passe", "text": "PATNA: During the late 19th and early 20th century, the community Durga Pujas in Patna were celebrated at a few places only by collecting funds through door-to-door subscriptions to meet the expenses of pandals, idols and ceremonies. The committee used to donate the balance of fund to charity.However, in recent times, puja celebrations have been commercialized with major puja pandals getting corporate sponsorships. Community collection is just a formality. Business establishments contribute to the puja committees of their areas.More than 300 puja samitis in the city, big and small, are vying to outdo each other this year. They have spent a huge amount on the special lighting effects and hiring expert pandal decorators and sculptors from Kolkata.Though most puja samitis refused to reveal their budget, a member of the Station Road Puja Committee said, \"We have a budget of Rs 15 lakh which includes pandal decoration, lighting, idol, etc. People contribute generously for the puja.\"Puja pandals these days have to compete with each other. Decorations should be eye-catching and theme-based. For that, one needs sponsorship, said a businessman and social worker Tilak Raj Gandhi.Patna College sociology teacher Randhir Kumar Singh said Durga Puja has now assumed a new form of four-day business for many. It is now comparable to a small industry when several lakhs of rupees is pumped in to make the celebrations bigger and bigger and to attract more and more \"customers\".According to rough estimates, the old, big and renowned puja pandals are prepared to spend around Rs 25-30 lakh whereas the medium and new ones are making efforts to limit their budget within Rs 10 lakh. Expenditure in a typical no-holds-barred celebration could go as high as Rs 40-50 lakh rupees.However, the occasion gives ample livelihood opportunities to many people, including the artisans, electricians, daily wage earners and even roadside vendors,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914621", "title": "Now, men on sale!", "text": "Single ladies, this is for you. After blind dating, you can now go find your eligible date in a store. Fun idea or new social low?The next time you're in Paris you might do more than just buy things at avant garde boutiques and patisseries and 'purchase' the man of your dreams! A dating site has created a new store in the City of Romance where women browse the aisles and shop for their dream man. While single guys will stand in life-sized boxes looking like human dolls, the gals can muse over which guy they would want to go on a date with. The idea is to actually 'try-before-you buy' by seeing what a man looks like in the flesh before they agree to a date, putting an end to that risk connected with online social profiles.'We should have a man store here'An exciting idea? \"Why not?\" laughs model Alesia Raut. \"Trends are changing and I think it's a good fun idea. I'm an old school of thought person but I'm sure girls will find the idea different and fun. I'm with a new idea as long as no one is emotionally harmed.\"Model Dipti Gujral is also kicked about it. \"Wow, we should have a man store here! I'm not sure if this will work in our cultural set-up, but it seems like a fun idea. It's quite liberating actually; it will give women power and put the old-style dating technique out of the window. Finding a suitable date in a boutique this way is surely going to make guys more accessible.\" And would she stop by the Parisian pop-up boutique? \"Yes, I'd like to check out the guys for fun; I don't know who'd catch my fancy,\" she giggles.While women feel that as the idea is about the two things they love: men and shopping, it will be a hit, some have other thoughts. Says singer Sona Mohapatra, \"Look, I know I'm going to put off a lot of people by saying this, but Indian men are not largely known to be eye-candy; so I can't say how great an idea it will be here.\"'Bachelors on display idea is demeaning'Rohan Sharma, a Mumbai-based executive feels the idea of posing in a store is wrong. \"A 'bachelors on display' idea is demeaning,\" he says. Adds Vitesh Aggarwal of a Delhi-based men's rights foundation, \"With the kind of financial independence that women are getting the world over, guys are being used as a commodity. It's like buying a bag or a new dress, which is totally incorrect. If we allow this kind of system here, it will destroy family values.\"ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16922831", "title": "Frame charges against corporators in housing scheme: Top cop", "text": "THANE: Police commissioner KP Raghuvanshi on Sunday sent a detailed report to CM's principal secretary AK Jain, listing out the illegal and corrupt practices in implementation of the Rs 654-crore housing scheme for the poor. Raghuvanshi has suggested a CBI probe and said charges could be framed under Prevention of Corruption Act against corporators and top civic officials.It is learnt that government officials are trying to convince chief minister Prithviraj Chavan against participating in the programme to hand over keys of houses at Dombivli on Tuesday. TOI had in a series of reports last week exposed the corruption in the Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme, prompting activist Kaustubh Gokhale to file a criminal writ petition in the Bombay high court on Monday against the state government for delay in initiating probe into the multi-crore scandal and misuse of public funds.\"For the last one year we have been urging the police to take cognisance of our complaints and, least of all, file an FIR against the accused. Instead, we got to know from TOI reports that the commissioner is eager to wash his hands of the case and has recommended that it be handed over to the CBI. We have therefore moved HC, urging it to issue directions to the police to file an FIR as the crime involves high-ranking bureaucrats and corporators across party lines,'' he said.The BSUP is a Centrally-sponsored programme which rehabilitates slum dwellers in a 307 sq ft tenement in a multi-storied building. The ambitious welfare programme has, however, been turned into a contractor-driven scheme where costs have been inflated and beneficiary list bloated. The controversy has put the spotlight on the massive mismatch in spendings vis-a-vis the actual construction of tenements for the urban poor. Take the case of Thane, where Rs158 crore of public funds was spent on construction of miniscule 2,832 tenements of 304 sq ft each.\"In the first phase of Tulsidham BSUP scheme in Thane, only 1,590 tenements are ready for occupation and 420 tenements are under construction. Effectively, the physical progress achieved is 34% while Rs 103 crore or 81% of the funds have already been exhausted. In the second phase of BSUP, the Thane corporation spent Rs 54 crore or 177% and in return got 822 tenements. It is a daylight loot of public money and civic officials are hand-in-glove with the contractors to siphon of crores from the welfare funds meant for the poor,'' an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921088", "title": "Times NIE launches 'Living Green' initiative", "text": "PUNE: Times NIE launched its all India 'Living Green' initiative at Christ Church School in Byculla, Mumbai, with a mission to plant trees and create awareness about how everyone can collectively fight global warming and climate change.About 200 students were part of the event that was conducted in association with Tupperware India. Actors Chandrachur Singh , Chitrashi Rawat and Shreya Narayan kicked off the initiative by planting a sapling each and vowing they will plant more trees. Addressing the gathering, Chandrachur Singh, a former teacher at Doon School, said, \"We need to respect mother earth and restore the ecological balance on a priority basis.\" Shreya Narayan said, \"Inspired youth can play a vital role in conserving our nation's environmental heritage. Handing over the future of the planet in trained hands would ensure progress for mankind,\" she said.Carl Laurie, principal of the host school, said, \"We haven't inherited the earth from our forefathers, but we've borrowed it for our future,\" he said. Students were given saplings to plant in the vicinity of their homes and school campus.Anshu Bagai, CMO of Tupperware, spoke on the occasion. A short environment quiz was also held.Navaratra fest at City International SchoolThe Navaratra celebrations at the City International School, Kothrud, recently saw enthusiastic participation from people. A dandiya fest was organized and the best well dressed couple and dancer walked away with gift vouchers. Chairman Sanjay Kumbare inaugurated the event. Food stalls were put up by parents and students of the school, and children enjoyed various games along with the mehendi, tattoo and nail art stalls. The earnings from the event will be donated to orphans, children's home and the mentally-challenged people.Mind crushers at Amanora SchoolAmanora School, Pune, organized a quiz competition - Mind Crushers 2012 - for the students recently. There were different rounds that covered general awareness and sports, literature and history. Shabbir Khambatti from NIE conducted a BBC-knowledge round. Winners were awarded Times NIE trophies. The audience, too, won prizes for answering the audience round of questions. Quiz masters were Samar and Rajdeep of std VIII and VII respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921362", "title": "Mob assaults Virar woman cop", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman assistant police inspector (API) of the Virar police station was allegedly assaulted by a mob on Monday morning while she was taking down a complaint of kidnapping against a youth who allegedly married a minor. Seven persons have been arrested.API Priyatam Muthe (36) who was manhandled and slapped on the face by members of the Mira Road-based Manav Seva Dal, a local NGO, is being treated at Sanjeevani Hospital. The police on Monday arrested seven persons from the NGO. Muthe complained of hearing loss after the assault. Muthe was on night duty when the family members of a 17-year-old Virar girl approached the police to lodge a missing complaint.A 23-year-old youth had married the victim on October 3 at the Bandra court. After their marriage the couple had approached the Virar police station with the girl's school leaving certificate which showed her age as 18 years. When the police contacted the girl's father, he said he had disowned his daughter.On Sunday, the girl's father approached the police with papers copies of municipal and hospital records which showed the girl's age as 17. The girl and her husband were summoned to the police station. They came to the police stationalong with members of the NGO. According to Muthe she was trying to mediate with both the families. As documents showing that the girl was minor they were produced by the family, the police began registering a case against him.Alleging that Muthe was supporting the girl's family, the NGO members allegedly assaulted Muthe.began hurling abuses at the police. She asked the activists to leave the police station. A few women members of the mob slapped Muthe on her face. Muthe alleged that the men and women even tried to pull her uniform, when she alerted her colleagues.Those arrested wereSayed Usman, Afzal Sheikh, Sunny Walia, Tabbassum Sayed, Afreen Sayed, Fehmida Shaikh and Manoj Vishwakarma.The accused have been sent to 14 days' magisterial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16921333", "title": "Cash-in-bag case: Nirmal Yadav seeks entire case record", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the cash-in-bag case, which had rocked the city in August 2008, main accused Nirmal Yadav has moved an application in the Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI's) special court on Monday seeking summoning of the entire record pertaining to the case from the government and the ministry of justice.Defence lawyer has sought all government records, court documents and matter related to opinions rendered by various senior law officers in this case. However, public prosecutor Anupam Gupta, who is CBI's lawyer in this case, sought time from the court to submit reply on this application. The court has fixed the next date of hearing on November 9.The prosecution considered it as the delaying tactic of the accused as Monday and Tuesday were fixed, by the CBI special court on September 22, to hear the arguments over framing of charges against the accused.\"We were totally ready for arguments but the accused is trying to delay it. We would submit our reply on their application during the next hearing,\" said Gupta.CBI had filed a chargesheet against Yadav for corruption, conspiracy, destroying evidence and creation of false evidence in the court of CBI on March 4, 2011. At that time, Yadav was posted at Uttarakhand high court and she retired the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920893", "title": "Calling attention motion against VC over MCA fiasco", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University management council has decided to table a calling attention motion against vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal after Bombay High Court strongly criticized the administration for cancelling the admissions of 'ineligible' MCA students at a later stage. The calling attention motion by Dinesh Agrawal will be tabled during the emergent meeting scheduled for Tuesday. Other members are likely to support it.It flays vice chancellor Sapkal for his alleged failure to perform his duties as mandated in the section 14(5) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994. He called on the members of university's highest statutory body to direct VC to ensure that the admissions, enrolment and resultant permission for regular students to appear for the exams were done in strict accordance with the mandate incorporated under Ordinance No 1 and 2.He also sought evolvement of 'suitable standing mechanism' for granting admission by the management council and requested the members to convene a special meeting to discuss the issue. A copy of the motion was also emailed to chancellor K Sankaranarayanan's secretary Vikas Rastogi and his nominee on council Sanjay Khadakkar. He pointed out that it was due to media reports that NU authorities realized their mistake of having conducted examinations in violation of ordinances.Citing court's observations in the MCA students' case, Agrawal stated that NU had to fine tune its own machinery to ascertain eligibility of a student at the threshold and also ensure that the colleges do not admit ineligible candidates. PRO Prashant Mohite couldn't be contacted for his comments.Earlier on Friday, the court granted relief to the five MCA students who were expelled by Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru College of Engineering after being found ineligible by NU. The irregularities in admissions process was first exposed by TOI on July 27 and followed it up later with a series of reports. It was only after this, NU cancelled admission of nearly 10-12 students who were found ineligible in renowned colleges including Ramdeobaba, GH Raisoni College of Engineering, and Wardha's Agnihotri College.Uproar over NU's decision to publish bookNU members and senior officials have raised strong objection over VC's decision to grant funds of nearly Rs1 lakh for an information booklet of NU employees union. The booklet will be unveiled by planning commission member Narendra Jadhav on Wednesday. They strongly flayed VC's decision stating that on one hand NU was exorbitantly hiking the exam fees while wasting the precious funds collected from students fees in such ventures. Ironically, the booklets were printed in NU's own press situated at its administrative block.Registrar Ashok Gomase confirmed the development stating that a panel which was constituted to take a decision in this matter failed to submit its report in time. Editor of the booklet Puran Meshram, who is also finance and accounts officer (FAO), justified NU's move to allocate funds. He stated that NU was conducting this noble exercise since last decade and after Agrawal's panel failed to submit its report, it was decided to publish it like every year without waiting for the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921686", "title": "Woman flings 2-year-old kid, self from Kandivli highrise", "text": "MUMBAI: A housewife leapt off the 18th floor of a 23-storey under-construction Kandivli highrise with her two-year-old daughter on Monday afternoon. As the building was being redeveloped, Kritika Patel, the victim, had probably come down on the pretext of checking on the progress made in her flat. She had picked up her daughter, Jaini, from her playschool on the way.The watchman of the under-construction Roopnagar society did not stop Kritika as residents frequently came down to check on their flats. After going up to the 18th-floor flat, Kritika took off her child's schoolbag and her handbag. The door to the flat was open as work wasn't complete yet and the family was also doing up the interiors extensively. Around 2pm, the labourers heard a loud thud on a terrace on the fifth floor. The first five floors of the building will serve as a parking zone and the remaining floors will house residents.\"We found the bodies of Kritika and Jaini in a pool of blood,\" said DCP Mahesh Patil. \"A suicide note penned in Gujarati was recovered from the 18th floor where Kritika had kept her purse and the schoolbag. She stated in the note that she was fed up of life and was taking the drastic step as she was unable to keep anyone in the family happy. She added that nobody from the family was to be blamed for her death.\"Kritika, her husband, their daughter and her in-laws had shifted to a temporary accommodation at Shankar Lane till their flat at Roopnagar building was ready. Kritika's husband, Kaushal, worked at a construction contractor's office. The couple had tied the knot in 2009.\"We made inquiries and found that Kritika had made a few phone calls before leaving home,\" said ACP Jaywant Hargude. \"Kritika had dialled her father, friends and a neighbour. But she sounded normal to them. She said she was calling casually.\"On Monday evening, Kaushal (30) was seen standing near the entrance to Roopnagar society, crying inconsolably and saying he could not understand why his wife would have done something so extreme.The Kandivli police said they are in the process of recording statements of family and relatives. The bodies were sent for an autopsy to Borivli post-mortem centre. The police said they would speak to Kritika's parents to ascertain if she had complained of harassment. A case of accidental death was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924729", "title": "Police arrest conman", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Monday arrested a conman, who vanished with a car five days ago.Tapash Kumar Nayak (25), a commerce graduate and animation designer, befriended Sheikh Mustaffa a fortnight ago near a business area in the city where the latter has his car showroom. Nayak proposed to purchase an SUV and wanted to go for a test-drive. Though a driver was present during the test drive, Nayak managed to flee with the car.The Kharavelnagar police have seized the stolen car. \"We nabbed him after tracking his mobile phone with the help of a special squad of the commissionerate police. We are verifying his criminal antecedents, if any,\" inspector Manoj Kumar Samant said.Nayak's arrest came a day after the seizure of three stolen bikes and an arrest made by cops under the same police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921199", "title": "Film City victim was hit on head", "text": "MUMBAI: The killer of the girl whose body was found in Film City in Goregaon (E) had hit her on the head, said the police. The post-mortem report revealed the victim was a teenager and her skull was fractured, said the police. The girl's viscera report is awaited to ascertain whether she was given any sedative or poisoned.Ten families visited Aarey sub police station on Monday to check if the body found at Film City on Sunday belonged to their missing kin, but none could identify the girl.The police found the girl's decomposed body on Sunday morning. They suspect that the deceased is from the entertainment industry. The police enquired with Film City's security personnel, but found nothing important.Cops also went through the records of missing females across the city,and helped the visiting families identify the victim on Monday but failed to get a lead. The police have started collecting details of the people who were working in the Film City over the last fortnight, to verify if anyone of them is missing. Everyday, more than 15,000 people visit the Film City and several keep changing their locations according to the shooting schedules. Cops are also collecting the records of visitors.The police suspect that the accused killed the girl at an unknown location and used a vehicle to dump the body in the Film City. Vehicles are allowed inside the premises only with the security staff's permission.The girl was dressed in a green salwar kameez and had a wrist watch on her right arm. She had three rings on her right hand. One ring had a photo of Sai Baba and another had 'V' word inscribed on it.The police said that prima facie, it appears that the woman was killed over a personal issue and not for robbery.The police stated that there were no marks of a struggle at the spot where the body was found and that the footwear of the deceased were missing.The body was found near a road leading to a helipad, which is situated in the forest area. The helipad is mostly used for shooting but its surrounding area is not frequently used.The accused had hit on girl's head to kill her and dumped her body in the Film City in Goregaon (east) said the police. The police said that the deceased postmortem stated she was a teenager and her skull was fractured. The police is waiting for the victim's viscera report to ascertain if she was given any sedative or poisoned.Around ten different family members had visited Aarey Sub police station on Monday to check if the body found at the Film City a day before belonged to their kin, but none of them identified it.On Sunday morning, the police found a decomposed body of the girl inside the Film City premises and they suspect that the deceased is from the entertainment industry. The police enquired with the security staff at the Film City for the clue but in vain.The police checked the record of the missing females across the city and helped the visiting families to identify the victim on Monday but there was no success. The police started to collect the details of the people working in the Film City in last fortnight to verify if anyone of them is missing. Each day around 15,000 people visits the Film City and many of them keep changing their locations according to the shooting schedule.The police are also enquiring about the visitors at the Film City. The police suspect that the accused killed the girl at unknown location and used a vehicle to dump the body in the Film City. The vehicles are allowed inside the premises only after the security staff's permission.The girl dressed green designer Punjabi salwar kameez and Titan wrist watch in her right hand. She had three rings in her right hand. One ring had photo of Sai Baba and another had letter 'V' inscribed on it. The police stated that prima facie they suspect that the girl was killed over the personal issue reason and not for the robbery.The police stated that there was no struggle marks found at the spot where the body was found and the deceased footwear were missing. The body found near a road leading to helipad which is situated in the forest area. The helipad was used for the shooting and its surrounding area is not frequently in use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921178", "title": "Bollywood bids farewell to the king of romance", "text": "MUMBAI: Legendary filmmaker Yash Chopra's last rites were performed at the Pawan Hans crematorium in Vile Parle on Monday afternoon. While his eldest son Aditya performed the rites, younger son Uday and their friends Shah Rukh Khan and Karan Johar were also present at the funeral.Like his films, there was dignity in his departure too. A filmmaker said, \"The crowds at the spot were not unruly and everybody respected the family's privacy. Only family members and close friends were allowed to enter the crematorium.\"Earlier in the day, fans, film personalities and government dignitaries visited Yash Raj Studio to pay their last respect to the king of romance. There was a touch of sentimentality as Chopra's body, covered with flowers, was kept at the studio's Stage 3, where his last interview was conducted by Shah Rukh Khan, his favourite leading man for the last 20 years. A large black-and-white photograph of Chopra with candles lit around it formed the backdrop. His sons Aditya and Uday, along with actress Rani Mukherji, stood in front of the photograph, accepting condolences offered by visitors who kept streaming to the studio to pay tribute to the filmmaker.Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, actors Vidya Balan , Shahid Kapoor , Parineeti Chopra , Sridevi, Tanisha, Ranbir Kapoor, Manoj Kumar , Kajol , Tabu, lyricist Gulzar, filmmakers Subhash Ghai, Mukesh Bhatt, Kabir Khan and David Dhawan and producer Boney Kapoor were some of the celebrities who dropped in on Monday. Many film personalities like Salman Khan , John Abraham , Katrina Kaif , Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan visited the studio on Sunday night.On Monday, just before the cremation, a large crowd gathered outside the studio as well as the crematorium. A bystander said, \"It was not as chaotic as at the time of Rajesh Khanna's funeral, but a traffic jam could not be avoided. People were stranded for hours on SV Road. Many celebrities were also turned away and only a few were allowed to enter the crematorium.\"Filmmaker Rakesh Roshan , who is currently shooting in Switzerland , told TOI, \"There is a special suite named after Yash Chopra at a hotel here in Interlaken. We garlanded his photograph and lit a candle in front of it. Hrithik has gone back to India to be with the family.\"Chopra succumbed to complications arising out of dengue on Sunday evening. He has been making films for over 50 years and has 22 films as a director to his credit. His last movie as director, the SRK-starrer Jab Tak Hai Jaan that was filmed recently, is slated for a Diwali release.Amitabh Bachchan on Monday tweeted: \"Just back from his studio where he lies still and motionless... this was the first time I ever saw him on his back in 44 yrs.\" He added, \"I never ever thought there would come a day when I would have to say - 'Yash Chopra no more'... He went away too soon.\"Chandrashekhar Pusalkar, grandson of Dadasaheb Phalke, said, \"Yash Chopra donated the entire prize money he received when he won the Dadasaheb Phalke Award to my mother for her medical treatment. He didn't want people to know about it.\"Filmmaker Mukesh Bhatt said, \"He was my anchor, mentor and idol. I always looked up to him. There was not a single day that went by without us talking to each other. If he missed a day, my family would tease me. We last met at Amitabh Bachchan's birthday party at Film City. He watched Student of The Year and told my brother Mahesh his daughter is a star. That was his last conversation with us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16924329", "title": "Berhampur gets flower cold storage", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Floriculture in southern Odisha is expected to get a boost with the opening of a flower market and training centre, the first of its kind in the state, here. It was inaugurated by chief minister Naveen Patnaik .The centre has facilities like cold storage, packing, a resting room for flower growers and a conference hall for them.The Rs 2.55 crore centre sprawls upon an acre and was jointly set up by the agriculture department and regional marketing cooperative society (RMCS), Digaphandi. While Rs 1.62 crore was spent under Rastriya Krushi Vikash Yojana (RKVY), the rest Rs 93 lakh was borne by the RMCS, official sources said.\"It will facilitate flower growers in marketing their products,\" said MLA (Gopalpur) Pradeep Panigrahi, who accompanied Naveen.The growers will bring in their flowers and sell them through e-auction, a facility which will available at the centre soon. A vehicle with cooling facilities will fetch flowers from farmers' doorstep, said RMCS secretary Pramod Panda.While RMCS officials will manage the centre, Ganjam District Flower Growers' Association will collect and market the flowers, he said. In Ganjam district, flowers are grown over more than 400 hectares involving around 500 farmers.\"The centre will not only cater to the needs of flower-growers in Ganjam district but also to the entire state, particularly southern Odisha,\" said general secretary of the association Sridhar Burma.Farmers in Ganjam and its neighbouring districts grown flowers like tuberose, marigold, rose, jasmine and others, he said. They will be encouraged to cultivate other varieties depending on the demand, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921374", "title": "Kin stole 1 kg ornaments, says jeweller", "text": "MUMBAI: A Malwani jewellery store owner has lodged a complaint of theft against his nephew, after the latter cleaned out his store of 1 kg ornaments and fled. The police are looking for Manoj Lodha, 25.The complainant, Chandu Shah (45), had set up a shop, Aman Jewellers, for Lodha at New Collector's Compound in Malwani's Gate 6 area four months ago. Lodha used to be jobless. Shah thought he would become responsible and mature if he was given his own business to run. Shah had taken the store on rent.\"But on Saturday, when an employee reported to work, he was stunned to find the display counters in the store empty. He immediately informed Shah,\" said a police official. Shah then called up Lodha but couldn't get through. He then visited Lodha's house but the latter couldn't be found. Suspecting his nephew's involvement in the theft, Shah registered a complaint against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16922709", "title": "400 nurses go on indefinite strike", "text": "KANNUR: More than 400 nurses in five private hospitals in the district, belonging to the Indian Nurses Association (INA) went on an indefinite strike raising 17 demands including salary hike.INA state secretary Muhammed Shihab, who inaugurated the indefinite strike in front of Koyili hospital here, said the agitation would not affect the functioning of the casualty and intensive care units of the five hospitals Ashirvad, Koyili, Dhanalakshmi, Speciality Hospitals in Kannur town and Lourde hospital at Thaliparamaba.INA is also planning to extend the strike to other districts from October 29. They would launch agitation in select hospitals in Thrissur district raising the same demands. The INA said they have been compelled to launch the agitation after two round of talks with INA and the Qualified Medical Practitioners' Association (QMPA) with labour officer in Kannur failed.Meanwhile, the Kerala Students Union (KSU) workers barged into the Lourde hospital in Thaliparamba and started a sit-in agitation to extend their support to INA. They were later removed by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921942", "title": "Modi for Maninagar is unanimous", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The decision is unanimous. Chief minister Narendra Modi is likely to re-contest from the Maninagar constituency. While in the western part of the city - Ghatlodia is all set to see a clash of titans: former home minister Amit Shah and revenue minister Anandiben Patel have once again locked horns over the Ghatlodia assembly seat.BJP observers for the forthcoming assembly elections found themselves in a dilemma when supporters of Anandiben Patel and Amit Shah made representations for the same Ghatlodia seat. Supporters of both Patel and Shah claimed that their candidate had a better chance to win the seat. However, both groups made it clear to poll observers that they would abide by the decision of the party high command.When it came to Modi, however, there was no debate. \"All party workers were unanimous in their decision that Modi should seek re-election from Maninagar constituency.\"Party observers - BJP spokesperson I K Jadeja, home minister Praful Patel and Vadodara MP Jayaben Thakar - heard representations at a farmhouse near S G Road on Monday. Among those who made representations were supporters of Pradeepsinh Jadeja who is seeking a ticket from Thakkar Bapanagar.Also among those demanding tickets on Monday was Devang Nanavati, who was spotted alone, seeking to represent Ellisbridge constituency. Targeting the same constituency were several others like sitting MLA Rakesh Shah, former mayor Amit Shah and BJP leaders Yamal Vyas, Dr Deepti Shah, Sunil Shah along with municipal corporator Bijal Patel and Dr Anil Patel.Dr Patel also staked a claim for the Naranpura constituency. Apart from him there were other party leaders who sought to contest from this assembly segment - advocate Yatin Oza and BJP leaders Girish Chauhan, Rakesh Parikh, Gautam Patel, Gita Naik and Sabarmati MLA Gita Patel.Advocate Oza has also demanded a ticket from Vejalpur along with BJP leaders Kamlesh Tripath and Amit Thakkar.In Amraiwadi, the front-runners were Kamlesh Patel, chairman of the Gujarat Tourism Corporation Limited along with Mayor Asit Vora. Interestingly, retired IAS officer R M Patel who quit recently and joined the BJP was in fray for the Asarwa seat. But there were representations made by other party members against him. Others in the fray for Asarwa were deputy mayor Darshana Vaghela, Pradeep Parmar and Dinesh Makwana.Sources said BJP leader Kaushik Patel and urban development minister Nitin Patel also expressed a desire to contest from any of the 20 constituencies of Ahmedabad. However, there were no representations made in favour of either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921192", "title": "Amidst the October wheeze", "text": "MUMBAI: Huffing and puffing, the laboring city dweller goes about his task, undaunted by the smog that envelopes him and the dust and pollution that he inhales.From skyscrapers to the slums, from coast to inland, October signals the appearance of a film of grey mist that sticks to the earth from the late evening to the early afternoon. Consonantly, Dussehra and Pooja are celebrated and the crackers of Diwali add to the endless exhaust of vehicles and the billowing smoke of industrial effluents.So much so, that the respiratory tract becomes the prime victim of this onslaught resulting in cold, coughs, tonsillitis, pharyngitis, asthma , pneumonia and if none of the above-a constant irritation of the throat. Allergic, owing to the chemicals and foreign matter to begin with, this pathology soon snowballs into an infection with yellow sputum and high fever. The troubled victim fights to maintain a balance between the day-time warmth necessitating the air-conditioner and night time cool, needing a blanket.\"Oh My God\"- You have only to attend a concert or cinema, to hear the nonstop coughs and sneezes punctuating a performance.Remarkably, most patients have learnt to cope with the seasonal hoarseness of voice with clogging when they awaken, which only gradually abates after coughing up with due grunting and grief by mid-day, when the air clears. The cycle repeats especially in the middle of the winter, when the susceptible citizen sleeping passively at night, inhales involuntarily all the polluted air which then sticks to his throat and voice box.The incidence of bronchitis and laryngitis reaches epidemic proportions and doctors are swamped beyond capacity.For asthmatics the October to February period is a nightmare! His lung capacity goes down, he needs to step up medication and the nocturnal wheeze which does not allow him to lay down, saps his strength.Nebulizers, inhalers, cough and cold medicines have a field day. Sadly the elderly and those with chronic lung disease find their way into the hard-pressed ICUs, on the rationed ventilators.Notwithstanding this, the season's revelry with smoke, drink and food excesses continue and the graph of medical illness spirals.While doctors have started warning against these potential hazards they need to be more aggressive. Use of inhaled drug devices, masks, air purifiers, vaccines and preventive medication should be promoted. Patients should be educated by the media about the dangers of losing lung capacity to such exposure. Simple breathing exercises and physical activity should be promoted. But the buck stops at the authorities' door. Municipality should be more vigilant about pollution norms not only for vehicles but for construction and factories.Urban planning should shift from the corridors of \"Pawar\" to the harshly polluted ground realities.Whilst brand new sedans are hauled up at random for PUCs, most municipal lorries and buses that \"spray the grey\" are allowed to \"breeze\" by.Stricter implementation of pollution norms, coupled with awareness and prevention will let the netizen breath easy. Till then he will be \"Survivor of the Year\"(Dr Hemant P Thacker is a Consultant Physician &amp; CardioMetabolic Specialist in South Mumbai Hospitals)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16922005", "title": "ATS starts probing Jundal's Gujarat links", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Did terror accused Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, an alleged Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative and 26/11 handler, set up sleeper cells of terrorists in Gujarat? This possibility is being actively probed by the Anti Terrorist Squad (ATS) of Gujarat. Jundal was brought to the city on Sunday by a flight from Delhi.ATS officials produced Jundal before a local court here which granted him remand till November 3.ATS officials who are questioning the terror accused said that Jundal is suspected to have been in touch with some youth groups of Gujarat and Maharashtra. \"We are exploring the terror suspect's Gujarat links and what he did before and after the 2006 RDX blast at Kalupur railway station,\" said an ATS official.ATS sources said that Jundal is being questioned about planting of the improvised explosive device in Karnavati Express and about his formative years. \"We've started with his formative years in India and how he came in contact with extremists. Apart from the 2006 blast, he was involved in at least three cases. In 2006, he sneaked out of the country and took refuge in Pakistan,\" said an ATS official.The official said Jundal had been to Pakistan earlier during which he had come in touch with the LeT operatives and had also received training in bomb-making. His main role was to identify Muslim youths who could be sent to India as part of a network that can be used at the time of strike. \"We don't rule out the possibility that there might be Gujarati youths along with those from Maharashtra,\" said the official.Jundal's involvement in the RDX blast was corroborated by a mail sent by him soon after the incident in which he had mentioned in coded language that the shop for saris had been opened where 25 had attended the ceremony, indicating towards the blast and persons injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16923076", "title": "Solar energy to tackle power problems", "text": "The ASI's indifference to power outage at a museum such as this is shocking. But apart from restoring power, it should explore long-term solutions like using solar energy to tackle power problems at such isolated tourism sites. Making the Nagarjunakonda island 'energy independent' could prove cost effective and hassle-free in terms of maintenance and power generation in addition to being clean, green and hazard-free . Pulling a 1.5 km cable from mainland to the island will only lead to further snapping and climbing project estimates. An environment friendly approach such as this augurs well for archaeology departments and could give tourism a further boost.Related story:  Nagarjunakonda Museum wallowing in darkness", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16925374", "title": "They worship weapons for safety of their menfolk in fight against Maoists", "text": "RANCHI: Over 10,000 family members of Jharkhand Armed Police (JAP), one of the best equipped forces in the state, are not worshipping goddess Durga, this festive season.Instead, the wives and mothers of the 2000-odd JAP 1 personnel -- a battalion comprising mostly of Gorkhas engaged in anti-Maoist operations in Jharkhand -- are busy worshipping AK-47, SLRs, Light Machine Guns (LMGs), mortars and other weapons. On Tuesday they would sacrifice over 200 goats (all black in colour) before the cache of arms to please goddess Durga, who they believe saves their men folk from Maoist attacks.This year as many as 83 women are observing the nine-day-long Navratra fast. Last year only 50 women had observed the fast. It is believed that commandos whose family members observe the puja face no hardship in the jungles while conducting operations against the rebels. \"The tradition has helped Jharkhand Police have forced the once dominant CPI(Maoist) on the back foot,\" said Rajkumar Dahal, president of Jharkhand Policemen's Association. In the last one year as many as 11 top Maoists have been arrested and huge cache of arms and ammunition seized from them.\"The puja has strong connection with the safety of the commandos in Maoist-affected Jharkhand where 18 out of 24 districts are under the control of the rebels,\" said Pandit Bhimlal Pathak, chief priest at JAP 1 headquarters in Ranchi. Wives and mothers of the commandos observe the nine-day-long fast during which they worship the holy 'kalash' and sing devotional songs in Nepali. The tradition has been continuing since 1880.Sunita Thapa, housewife, said: \"My father had partici[pated in the 1971 Indo-Pak war. My mother had promised to sacrifice a goat if dad returned home safely. Our wishes were fulfilled.\" Now Sunita also fasts for her husband who is involved in anti-Maoist ops in Simdega district.A priest of the Gorkha community said the tradition began in 1880 when things were not going well for them. At that time it was Bihar Military Police (BMP).After the formation of Jharkhand, the battalion came to be known as JAP. Prior to Independence, a group of people had installed an idol Durga at the battalion headquarters. Following this, the Gorkha community faced numerous problems. The community never worshipped Goddess Durga thereafter.Prem Kumar Chetri, a JAP commando, said: \"We are nothing without our weapons. We worship them so that they function properly in the battle field and cause maximum harm to our enemies in battle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922416", "title": "Scratches on cars shock Sector 21-C residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sector 21-C residents were shocked after they found scratches on their luxury cars parked in a row outside their houses on Monday morning. A complaint has been lodged at Sector 19 police station.Anguished, the residents of 12 houses have decided to keep a vigil at night to nab the miscreants.Lamber Singh, an area resident whose car was also damaged, said, \"The incident came to light around 6.30am when some of us noticed scratches all over our cars. The damaged vehicles include Scorpio, Innova and Honda City , among others.\"Jolly, another resident of the area, said, \"We park vehicles outside our houses as there is not much space at our places to station these. From Monday, we will keep a vigil at night. Two youths will spend nights in parked cars to check trouble-makers.\"Prabhjit Singh of the locality said, \"We will also take up the issue with Sector 21 Resident Welfare Association.\" SHO of Sector 19 police station inspector Harjeet Kaur said, \"A complaint has been received. The police presence in the area will be increased.\"Some days ago, a number of cases were reported wherein thieves had stolen wheels of parked cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922367", "title": "Panjab University mess meal costlier by Rs 6", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Panjab University students will have to shell out an additional six rupees per meal at the hostel mess now as the price has been hiked from Rs 24 to Rs 30 per meal. The hike was decided upon in a meeting of officials from dean student welfare (DSW), student leaders, hostel wardens and mess contractors on Monday.While all contractors of PU hostel mess had threatened to terminate the contract in wake of the hiked prices of LPG and other commodities, students were yet to come to a consensus on the matter. DSW officials assured the students that this will be \"the last hike in meal prices during the current academic year.\" Certain student groups, including INSO and NSUI, expressed their dissent on the hike. Somvir Singh of INSO criticized the move demanding the hike be rolled back.\"The hike in food prices will add to the financial burden on students. We urge the university authorities to offer subsidy to students,\" said Sunny Mehta, a national delegate of NSUI.UIAMS alumni relive old daysClose to 150 alumni of University Institute of Applied Management Studies (UIAMS), comprising last three batches, gathered to relieve old memories on Panjab University campus. The function commenced with opening ceremony by chief guest G S Chawla, director Master Trust Ltd. This was followed by a guest lecture by Sanjiv Gupta, GM operations, SML Isuzu Ltd who enlightened students on \"Expectations of corporate world and work-life balance.\" A panel discussions ensued on the topic \"UIAMS - hope to reality\" in which alumni guided students on available career options after sectoral MBA. UIAMS director Sanjeev Sharma said, \"Within five years of its existence, UIAMS has carved out a niche by developing distinct management programmes in sectoral domains. Rich legacy of PU has always been the driving force among the faculty, students and staff to excel by developing social and emotional quotient so as to create a reservoir of ethically oriented management graduates with a missionary zeal.\"Dr Kesar Singh memorial lecturePanjab University has generated the scholar of national and international repute and genius personalities in the field of science, social science, languages and arts, said PU VC Arun Kumar Grover, while inaugurating Dr Kesar Singh Kesar Memorial Lecture jointly organized by School of Punjabi Studies and Dr Kesar Singh Kesar Yadgari Committee at PU campus on Monday.A memorial lecture on \"Dalit Movement, Marxism and Creative Writings\" was delivered by Chauthi Ram Yadav of Kashi Hindu University, Varanasi. Ramesh Kuntal Megh, a Hindi scholar, in his presidential remarks said, \"Marxist movements have always included social concerns of dalits, women and marginalized section of society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926801", "title": "Magic of tulips not same without Yashji: Sakshi", "text": "It's been a day after film maker, producer and the king of romance, Yash Chopra , was laid to rest, but the lull created by his absence seems to engulf all.Recalling her fond memories of the late veteran and legend, Television actress Sakshi Tanwar (seen as Priya in Bade Achhe Lagte Hain ) says, \"An era has come to an end but The Legend will continue to live through his films\".Adding, \"Our entire generation has grown up watching Yash ji's cinema. Our idea of love and romance is what we've seen in films. The first time most of us visited the breathtaking Switzerland was through his films. I am sure every girl or woman in love will agree that the magic of tulips will never be the same without Yash ji. RIP sir. You'll be with us forever!\"We echo your thoughts Sakshi!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921291", "title": "11,000 buildings sent notices for ignoring prevention norms", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation in the first nine months of this year issued notices to nearly 11,000 buildings after they were found violating malaria and dengue prevention norms.Between January and September, the civic body's pest control officers surveyed thousands of structures to check for mosquito breeding spots on their premises. The inspections revealed a large number of defaulters. During the nine months, officials said, the corporation issued notices to 10,967 buildings and collected total fines of Rs 6.7 lakh. At present, more than 530 cases against defaulters are pending in metropolitan courts.BMC officials said most notices were served in the island city; structures in areas such as Byculla, Mazgaon, Dongri and Agripada were found to be the worse defaulters.Under BMC procedure, its pest control officers survey constructions in their respective wards for mosquito breeding spots. In particular, they check if overhead tanks are leaking and if they are closed properly; they also investigate if such articles have been left around the compound or on the terrace that gather water, leading to spread of mosquitoes.A building where mosquito-breeding spots are discovered is served a notice and its society given time to take corrective action. The time period depends on the work required to fix the problem. If a society still does not act, it is taken to court under section 381 of the BMC Act.Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said the BMC will soon start inspecting fountains in societies and at film shoots. Also, she said, the middle class and upper middle class will be informed about dos and don'ts through e-mails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16925353", "title": "Marriage trouble for Vineet &amp; Mona in Kya Huaa?", "text": "Twists and turns are a part of TV soaps and now in Balaji Telefilms' acclaimed show, Kya Huaa Tera Vaada on Sony Entertainment Television, relationships are about to go through a change.In tomorrow's episode, Mr. Johnson asks Vineet (Darshan Pandya) to take strict action against Pradeep for not performing his responsibilities well. When Mona ( Mona Singh ) hears this, she feels bad for Pradeep (Pawan Shankar) and decides to help him by making a business presentation on his behalf. When Vineet sees Mona's concern for Pradeep, Vineet asks Mona to let go of her past and bid adieu to Pradeep for good. Mona even asks Pradeep to meet her for the last time and in his drunken state, he tells her that in spite of hurting her, he still loves Mona. But they say goodbye to each other for the last time as husband and wife.But here's the twist! Sources inform that Vineet and Mona's wedding will go through its ups and downs and that in spite of being married, they will not be a couple. It remains unconfirmed whether the marriage will be stalled half way or whether in spite of being married officially, circumstances will prevent the duo from being together.When contacted, Darshan Pandya aka Vineet said, \"I don't know who Mona will settle with but I want her to get married and be happy. Even audiences want Mona to settle down. But you'll have to wait and watch to see what happens next. All I can say is that I completely love playing Vineet\".In this khichdi of emotions, will Pradeep and Mona after all this trouble, finally re-unite? With TV shows, one can never really say! Audiences will have to keep playing the guessing game!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16922523", "title": "No trace yet of Uguem sarpanch", "text": "QUEPEM: Mystery continues to surround the disappearance of Uguem sarpanch Dashrath Gaonkar, 40. There is no trace of Gaonkar even 48 hours after he went missing.Sanguem PI Devendra Gad told TOI that the police were unable to trace the missing sarpanch and additional police force has been deployed to conduct further search operations in the thick forest area. He said that the India reserve battalion had been withdrawn.Following information that Gaonkar had been depressed, police along with locals searched the rivulet. \"We are holding a prayer service in the temple to get back our sarpanch,\" said a villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922934", "title": "Officials in \u2018dark\u2019 on power woes", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the assistant superintending archaeologist W V S Narsimhan on leave in the UK, officials said that they were unaware of the power outage as it was not reported to the circle office.And it would be another few days before the ASI can get its act together to restore power supply. R Krishnaiah superintending archaeologist , ASI said, \"We will look into the electricity problem after Dasara holidays. Unfortunately , we are not in a position to say exactly when the power will be restored but it is an important item on our agenda.\" It was only three days ago that the museum's administration was shifted from the Museums Department of the ASI in Chennai to the Hyderabad circle. ASI officials said that it would be a few days before they take cognizance of various administrative issues and set them in order. Hyderabad circle officials claimed that they were unaware of the administration aspects of the museum as all files pertaining to the museum's upkeep were never sent to the circle office.Officials of Southern Power Distribution Company of AP (APSPDCL) pointed out that the 1.4 km long 11 KV power line was 100 metres above water level and fell prey to gusty winds for the second time in three years. They said the aluminium conductors could neither sustain the power supply to the Nagarjunakonda Valley nor withstand the forces of nature. \"It took 45 days to restore power supply the last time. The island has been facing such problems frequently. We need to have steel cables instead of aluminium cables from the line that runs from the tower line substation to the island ,\" said G Bhaskar Rao, assistant regional engineer, APSPDCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16925697", "title": "How to discuss sex with boys", "text": "All boys, even yours, have questions about sex. And they are more likely to turn to online porn than girls. Here's why you should step in (and how)While information about sexual behaviour and crimes inundates our homes thanks to a vibrant media culture, often, explanation behind their incidence is inaccurate. What can be worse than a Haryana khap panchayat leader blaming an increase in the consumption of fast food, including chowmein, for the higher incidence of rape?And in a country that's repeatedly opposed sex education in schools, it's only myths that make their way into the Indian adolescent's mind. Global research on how adolescent boys acquire information regarding sex makes things grimmer. Experts say your teenage son is more likely to turn to online porn sites \u2014 making it his greatest single source of information on sex and relationships \u2014 instead of you, for answers.\"Most boys believe they already know enough about sex, based on whatever little they have absorbed through media messages. Sex for them is about the physical, the anatomy; they think they are entitled to use it anytime, with anyone. The rest of it is all moral rubbish,\" says Mumbai-based psychiatrist and sex consultant Dr Rajiv Anand.With the media telling them what it takes to be a 'real' man, boys are far more pressurised than girls to conform to a stereotype \u2014 to fit the know-all, super-masculine prototype.Psychologist Janki Mehta says unlike girls, boys are reluctant to discuss sex in a formal setting, preferring to rely on Google and random conversations. \"That's dangerous, especially if the person on the opposite end isn't an expert.\"The solution? Sex education, of course But child psychologists are now discussing the ineffectiveness of a sexual behaviour chat in a mixed gender setting, since boys have spoken of how sessions only elaborate on female reproduction, and are thus 'girl-oriented'. Focusing predominantly on the negative aspects of sex, whether it's STDs or unwanted pregnancy, makes them turn to other sources. A sex-positive chat that touches on its function of pleasure could help if we don't want young boys to switch off.Sex education, whether formal or assuming the form of an informal chat between parents and kids, must go beyond organ awareness, suggests Dr Harish Shetty, senior psychiatrist with Hiranandani Hospital. \"Boys see the expression of their sexuality as macho. Some experimentation is okay, but they need guidance on how to behave around girls, and handle their sexual feelings.\"That there is far more pressure among boys to break into the sexually active world, makes it imperative that parents and experts help them channelise their energies, and be accountable for their actions. \"It's old-world but it would help to tell them that 'true love waits'; it's better to meet a girl under the sky than in a locked room,\" says Dr Shetty.At what age? Mehta says there is often disagreement between educationists, psychologists and parents about what age to broach a talk about sexual behaviour at. The earlier you start, the better, believes Mehta. \"First, instruct them about safety and sexual abuse \u2014 it's okay if someone touches you here, but not okay if it's done there.\" Move on to differences between boys and girls, changes in their bodies when they reach puberty. Older kids can be drawn into a conversation about safe sexual practices, whether it's contraception or family planning, she says.Naina Athale, a child counsellor and social worker who has helmed sex education sessions across schools in India, stresses on age and culture-specific modules.Dr Shetty says sex educators at schools must ideally hold a postgraduate in psychology or social work. But parents, especially fathers, play a pivotal role in shaping a male child's attitude towards sex. \"A school-cum-home approach works best,\" says Athale.Experts suggest that parents jog their memory to recollect their own experience when growing up, and be ready to answer questions about their bodies, body image issues, curiosity over girls, the art of differentiating feelings of love and lust, masturbation and penis size myths, fertility, how to use a condom, etc.\"At home, sex education kicks off when your child points to his privates and asks 'What is this?' From then on, carefully share age-specific information with him as honestly as you can,\" suggests Athale.Gender-suitable chats While mixed gender chats are important if men and women are to learn and be sensitive towards each other, some issues are best discussed in single sex chats. For instance, when discussing porn, it's fine to let girls know that porn is not necessarily disgusting. To boys, you'd have to get across the message that it's fine to be drawn to it, but they must remember it's a fantasy world and shouldn't be treated as a reference for what a 'perfect' relationship is. Focussing on girls alone, as formal sessions in schools tend to do, makes boys feel powerless to take responsibility for their behaviour. That's how relationships end up evolving then. Healthy relationships are about two people participating equally, negotiating wants, and respecting each other.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16920819", "title": "Al Barkaat bag DSO title", "text": "MUMBAI: Al Barkaat English (Kurla) were crowned champions of the DSO U-14 tournament, scoring an emphatic 100-run win over Parle Tilak Vidyalaya on Monday.Shoeb Khan struck a fine half century (67) and was aided by Hritik Sharma (33) as Barkaat hit 133 in 20 overs. In reply, Parle Tilak Vidyalaya were bundled out for a paltry 33 as the Barkaat bowlers ran riot.DY Patil jump to top of the table: An unbeaten partnership of 189 runs for the first wicket between D Subramaniam (72 ) and Shoab Shaikh (104) enabled DY Patil to take a first innings lead over Dadar Parsee Zorastrian and jointly head the points table of the Kanga League 'B' Division with 15 points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16921710", "title": "E-rickshaws to replace 3-wheelers as feeders", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: In a bid to phase out old three-wheelers like Vikrams plying without permits and to provide easy feeder services for residents, the Greater Noida Authority has decided to introduce new battery operated, eco-friendly rickshaws across the city next month. While the Authority has prepared the route along which the e-ricks will ply in the first phase, work on the design details, speed, cost, etc for the project will begin next week.In the first phase, the Authority plans to introduce 25 battery operated rickshaws. The route for the first phase has been finalized. As per plan, these rickshaws will ply in and around Knowledge Park, Pari Chowk, Galgotia College and Sharda University, besides four residential sectors - Alpha, Beta, Gamma and Delta.Depending on the public response to these 25 rickshaws, the Greater Noida Authority will decide on expanding the route and adding more rickshaws to ply in the remaining areas of the city as well.\"The state of public transport in the city is not really up to mark. Hence, while we are working on the Special Purpose Vehicle project (SPV), we decided to introduce some form of feeder vehicles to assist residents till the SPV becomes a reality,\" said Yogendra Yadav, Officer on Special Duty, Greater Noida Authority. \"However, the details of the e-rick project will be worked out only after the F1 event gets over,\" Yadav said.Authority officials say that the new battery operated rickshaws will not just provide an environment friendly and speedy option for commuting from one sector to another or within arterial areas, they will also help in reducing the menace of the share autos crowding busy junctions across Greater Noida. Authority officials claim that most of these share autos run illegally without valid permits.Meanwhile, officials said that the details of the Memorandum of Understanding of the SPV comprising the Noida and Greater Noida authorities and UPSRTC is under consideration and is likely to be approved soon.The SPV will have officials from Noida, Greater Noida and UPSRTC as representatives. Once the SPV is in place, authorities will work on connecting all residential pockets within the twin cities and the most frequented spots through a new fleet of buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16922206", "title": "3 on trial in UK for terror plot bigger than 7/7", "text": "LONDON: Three British men planned to carry out suicide bombings which could have been more devastating than the July 7, 2005 attacks in London, a court heard on Monday. Fifty-one people died and over 700 were injured in co-ordinated suicide bombings on London underground trains and a bus by four British Islamists in the 7/7 attacks.Irfan Naseer, 31, Irfan Khalid and Ashik Ali, both 27, are accused of being central figures in the plot, jurors at Woolwich Crown Court were told.\"The police successfully disrupted a plan to commit an act or acts of terrorism on a scale potentially greater than the London bombings in July 2005 had it been allowed to run its course,\" said prosecutor Brian Altman.\"The defendants were proposing to detonate up to eight rucksack bombs in a suicide attack and/or to detonate bombs on timers in crowded areas in order to cause mass deaths. One of them even described a plan to cause another 9/11,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921832", "title": "How SMS saves humans from elephants in the tea meadows of Valparai", "text": "CHENNAI: Every day, around 3 pm, Ganesh Raghunathan sends out at least 800 SMS alerts to people living close to the elephant corridors in Valparai in Coimbatore district about the movements of the pachyderms. The text messages in English and Tamil have the mobile numbers of people to contact in an emergency. The Red Light Flashing System installed in 24 areas in the Valparai region is also alerting people.A couple of early warning systems, installed over a year ago, to minimise the man-animal conflict in Valparai region have found positive response from the local people, according to M Ananda Kumar, wildlife scientist at the Nature Conservation Foundation in Valparai, which introduced the warning systems with the help of the UK-based Elephant Family and some private companies in this plantation town two years ago. \"Two days ago, a pregnant woman called me on sighting a herd of elephants before her hut. We asked her not to make noise. We gave her some tips over phone, and it worked out. The herd soon moved from the spot. This shows how people respond to the Elephant Information Network developed by us,\" said Kumar.At least 38 people were killed in various man-elephant conflicts between 1994 and 2012 in Valparai region alone. When Kumar and his team began their study, they realised that loss of human life due to direct encounters with elephants was mainly due to lack of information about their movements to the local people. Establishing a conflict response unit (CRU) to track the elephant movements was the first step.Based on the information they received from the CRU, the team introduced three kinds of early warning measures. \"We first started flashing warnings about elephant movements on local cable TV channels. This didn't work out well as many didn't have TV at their homes. To solve this, we developed our SMS service to inform people. The SMS service was a turning point. It got tremendous response from people. We have also installed mobile phone operated red-flashing LED indicator lights in strategic locations by involving local people who could operate them from their registered mobile phones when elephants are around,\" said Kumar. The system could also be introduced in other human-elephant conflict areas in India, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16920134", "title": "3 teens killed in grenade blast near BSF range", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Three teenaged boys were killed on Monday after a grenade exploded near a BSF firing range while they were sifting through spent shells made of brass.The victims were all residents of Sakheya village in Mufassil police station area, close to the firing range at Silwar. While 14-year-old Rahul Kumar died on the spot, Ghulam Sahid died in hospital and Ehsan Raza on the way to one, said Hazaribagh SP Manoj Kaushik. Both were 13.The SP said five boys of the village were collecting the brass metal from the fired grenade shells at the range, popularly known as Zul Zul pahar, for selling during the festival season. \"The tragedy occurred when they started hammering some of the shells. A severe explosion took place with a loud noise killing one of them instantaneously,\" he said. Residents of the area rushed the kids to hospitals.Kaushik said when he visited the spot, he was shocked to find that despite the blast, around 40 boys were still collecting brass.He said the way shells were strewn in the area proved BSF authorities were not ensuring there was no live shells in the debris of spent ones. \"It was a serious case of negligence on the part of BSF. I have directed the Mufassil police to lodge an FIR against the in-charge of the firing range,\" he said.Local BSF authorities refused comment on the deaths.Village headman Jeev Narayan Ram also blamed BSF negligence and said authorities had not warned people about the use of such powerful explosives at the range. \"This type of tragedy has become a regular feature. Compensation should be given to the poor families,\" he said.Times View", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921666", "title": "Denied abortion, woman delivers; malformed baby dies in hours", "text": "MUMBAI: In a throwback to the 2008 Niketa Mehta case that questioned the 20-week legal limit for medical termination of pregnancy and created a debate over the sensitive issue, another woman in the city was recently faced with a similar dilemma.Usha Jethwa was 26 weeks pregnant when she realized that her fetus was abnormal. An ultrasound revealed that it had anencephaly , a condition in which the fetus has no brain and hardly any skull. For three months since the report, the 22-year-old went to three clinics to abort the pregnancy, but could not as the law does not allow it. Jethwa delivered a full-term baby on Sunday; the baby died within hours.The Borivli-based wife of a tailor was told by doctors that she would either have a miscarriage, a stillbirth or the baby would die soon after birth. \"It was terrible to hear that my baby would suffer such a fate. When my family and I thought about it, we realized it was better to abort as there was no point carrying it for another three months,\" said Jethwa.She appealed to two private nursing homes for abortion and even approached a municipal maternity home. \"But all the doctors refused to do it citing the law.\"There is a growing line of thought among doctors, though, that abortion laws in our country must be amended. According to the Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) Act, 1971, abortion may be performed after 20 weeks of pregnancy only to save the woman's life. Several medical experts told TOI that abnormalities like the ones Usha's baby suffered should be included as a valid reason after 20 weeks.Dr Nozer Sheriar, secretary general of The Federation of Obstetric and Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI), said a central government committee was set up some time ago to come up with recommendations for amendment to the MTP Act, to provide for solutions to such problems. But because these clash with provisions under the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PNDT) Act, the government has been going slow on the issue.\"Reacting to Jethwa's dilemma, Sheriar said, \"The MTP Act needs to be modified since not everything is included in it. Doctors are being over-cautious because there are cases where the Act is misused. Certain doctors perform abortions in the name of threat to a mother's life when, in reality, they practise female foeticide.\"A sizeable number of doctors are therefore \"deeply concerned\" about the possibility of misuse if the 20-week limit is pushed further.Dr Rekha Daver, head of gynecology at state-run J J Hospital, said that most congenital malformation, can be detected in the 14th to 16th week of gestation. \"The majority of women-especially from the lower socio-economic strata-do not consult a gynecologist until there is a complication or they have to register for delivery. The ideal first ultrasound should be done in the fourth month.\"TIMES VIEW: Let the mother decide It happened to Niketa Mehta in 2008. Now another Mumbaikar, Usha Jethwa, has suffered similarly. Both women had found out during their pregnancy that their unborn child had such severe physical problems that she or he wouldn't be able to live normally. Yet their pleas for abortion were turned down on the technicality their pregnancy was over the stipulated 20-week period for abortion. But the medical fraternity is now of the view that if the mother wishes to end her pregnancy after learning about some severe health problem to herself of the foetus, she should be allowed to do so. In countries such as the UK, abortions are allowed up to 24 weeks of pregnancy. Medically speaking, terminations beyond 20 weeks are hence possible. It is perhaps time to look at the law and make special provisions to ensure that there are no more Niketa Mehtas or Usha Jetwas. While there is no denying that issues involving medical ethics are difficult to answer, the law can weave in stringent protocols to ensure that concessions are not exploited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920951", "title": "Kejriwal gets CM's notice, unapologetic", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit and India Against Corruption leader Arvind Kejriwal are all set for a pitched battle that may soon be dragged to the court of law. On being served with a legal notice by the chief minister's political advisor for allegedly defaming Dikshit, IAC rejected the demand for an apology.Kejriwal told TOI that he stands by all that he has said about Dikshit and her performance.In the notice sent by the advisor, Pawan Khera, Kejriwal has been asked to tender an \"unconditional public apology\" for levelling \"baseless allegations and aspersions\" against the chief minister, using \"foul and filthy\" language. The notice, which says that the word \"dalal\" (broker) was used for Dikshit in a talk show, states that Kejriwal must refrain from using such language, which is unbecoming of civil-public discourse, in future.\"Immediately withdraw all the allegations and aspersions made by you against Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit, which have thus defamed my client and the office of the chief minister, in talk shows on at least three prominent channels and newspapers in equal if not more prominence than the original defamatory content. In case of failure to comply with this notice within two days of its receipt, you shall render yourself jointly and severally liable to face appropriate civil as well as criminal proceedings under the relevant provisions of the law at your risk as to cost and consequences,\" the notice filed by lawyer Mehmood Pracha said.Kejriwal, who has been organizing protests against the hike in power tariff, has accused the government of being in collusion with power discoms. When asked to comment on the notice, Kejriwal told TOI that he doesn't regret anything he said. \"There is no question of apologizing. I stand by all that I have said and I'm prepared to face them.\" At a protest earlier in the day, Kejriwal said, \"We will continue to defame you till injustice and corruption are done away with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16921440", "title": "Fire breaks out at SBBJ branch", "text": "JAIPUR: Fire broke out at the State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur's Manak Chowk branch on Tuesday creating panic among customers and bank employees. A short-circuit in the AC had led to the incident, police said. The fire was doused in about half an hour, however, the roof and wall of the bank's building situated on the first floor were slightly damaged.According to the police, the fire took place around 2.30 pm. \"A short-circuit in the AC caused explosion in the electricity board in a cabin following which the minor fire broke out. A police and two fire tenders were immediately rushed to the spot. It took the fire tenders about half an hour to douse the fire,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922441", "title": "Secure National Law School of India University area: Students", "text": "BANGALORE: Students of National Law School of India University (NLSIU) staged a demonstration in front of Town Hall here on Monday, protesting against the alleged gang-rape of their collegemate in neighbouring Bangalore Univeristy campus on October 13.The undergraduate student was with a friend in the latter's car when eight men attacked them and allegedly raped her. Seven of the eight culprits were arrested by Jnanabharathi police on Saturday . In a press release, the students said they planned to petition the state home secretary and the Press Council of India on their concerns. They also released copies of their petitions.In the petition to the home secretary, NLSIU students demanded effective policing of Nagarbhavi where BU and NLSIU are located. The letter blamed the politicization of Bangalore University for the absence of the rule of law in and around the university.\"Basic amenities like roads, power and water have been inadequate. This has a bearing on the number of streetlights and connectivity through roads; and hence on the general level of safety,\" the petition read.\"Since the Bangalore University is on a public route, BBMP does not allow the university gates to be shut at night. In general, there is also a growing sense of fear in the vicinity of our campus,\" many students said.Their demands include creation of Nagarbhavi police station, increase in the number of police including women officers, deployment of policemen trained in handling crime against women, guarding of Bangalore University gates, installation of streetlights and creation of a police helpline.'MEDIA VIOLATED ETHICS'NLSIU students plan to petition the chairman of the Press Council of India over the alleged violation of ethics and press guidelines.The petition alleged that the incident was sensationalized and identity of the victim divulged.They said a Press Council of India guideline forbidding publishing of names, photographs or other particulars of rape victims leading to their identity had also been violated. They said many media reports also resorted to victim-blaming .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921729", "title": "Conflict among leaders robs me of sleep, says M Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Amid reports of rivalry, DMK treasurer and MLA M K Stalin called on older brother and Union minister M K Alagiri at his Madurai residence, triggering rumours of a possible rapprochement. The visit comes at a time when DMK chief and their father M Karunanidhi is said to be upset over the open feuding between Union minister of state for finance S S Palanimanickam and parliamentary party leader T R Baalu.The Monday evening meeting between Stalin and Alagiri, lasting barely an hour, came in the wake of tension between the two leaders over the succession issue. But significant was a statement by Karunanidhi expressing unhappiness over the squabbling between Palanimanickam and Baalu. \"What can cadres do but shed tears of blood when senior leaders, who are holding party positions, battle in the open,\" he asked in his customary letter to cadres in the party organ 'Murasoli'.Stating that he was deeply pained by the factional feuds Karunanidhi said, \"It makes me lose hunger and sleep.\" The DMK chief's remarks came two days after Palanimanickam accused Baalu of invading his Thanjavur turf. While Palanimanickam is the Thanjavur district secretary and MP of the constituency, Baalu is said to be eying the constituency for the next Lok Sabha election. Palanimanickam openly attacked DMK parliamentary party leader Baalu over a few rail projects in Thanjavur at a media meet on Saturday.The Stalin-Alagiri meeting assumed significance against the backdrop of these developments. Party sources say Stalin met his brother to garner support for seeking disciplinary action against Palanimanickam and his removal from the post of Thanjavur district secretary, while his father is against any such action against the Union minister.However, Karunanidhi criticised Palanimanickam for acting hastily and pointed out that he had asked the minister to give his complaints in writing when they met two days ago. \"Why was he (Palanimanickam) in a hurry? Why such a press meet? Will you resort to anything and take advantage of my affectionate nature? Why am I here? Why is there a party leadership? What would happen, if such a situation takes place in every district?\" the DMK leader said. After his remarks to the media on Saturday, Palanimanickam had rushed to Chennai and met the DMK chief and senior leaders to explain the reasons that led to his outburst, sources said.Meanwhile, Stalin visited Alagiri at his Satya Sai Nagar residence in Madurai creating a flutter among party cadres. Stalin, who had reportedly come to Trichy to attend a function, arrived, accompanied by his son Udhayanidhi Stalin and son-in-law Sabareesan, at about 5 pm. They met for about an hour, before taking a flight back to Chennai. When questioned by reporters, Stalin wondered what was unusual about his paying a visit to his brother. He said he did not see any reason to disclose to the media details of their discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16925560", "title": "Pilot who raised hijack alarm says her life was threatened by passengers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Air India pilot, who pressed the flight hijack alarm in panic at the airport here last week amid protests by passengers, has told police she was threatened with dire consequences by some of them after they barged into the cockpit.Commander Rupali Wagmore in her FIR said a passenger even told her he would not hesitate to kill her if anything happened to his six-month-old child.Around 200 passengers of AI Kochi bound flight from Abu Dhabi had on October 19 protested and some allegedly tried entering the cockpit after it was diverted to the state capital due to poor visibility. Having boarded the previous night, they alleged it took several hours even to take off from Abu Dhabi.Passengers also alleged that even women and children were not provided water or refreshments and they started protesting only after there was no word from the crew on when the flight would leave for Kochi.State police has set up a special team under assistant commissioner K S Vimal to ascertain the circumstances that led to the incident and find out if the pilot's charges against the passengers are true.Based on Wagmore's complaint, police had registered a case against six 'identifiable' passengers and begun investigation by questioning airport staff who were witness to the drama that unfolded at the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924617", "title": "Shah panel team to visit state on Oct 31", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A team of the Justice MB Shah Commission, probing illegal mining scam in different states, will visit Odisha from October 31, sources said.The commission has concluded its second round of inquiry in Odisha on October 11. UV Singh, IFS officer from Karnataka and a member of the team, said they had examined 81 of the 186 mines for which the state government has submitted files before it during its nine-day stay here.\"All files could not be completed because of the complications involved in such an inquiry. Those would be taken up during the commission's third trip slated from Oct 31 to Nov 11,\" a source said.In the initial phase in December 2011, Justice Shah had visited some mines in Keonjhar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16921963", "title": "'Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation should stop foreign operations, exploration'", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Only a viable business model, which includes stopping some of the unprofitable foreign operations immediately where huge sums have gone down the drain and progressively getting out of its other oil-and-gas explorations, can help Gujarat government's premier PSU Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC). Well-placed sources told TOI, a blueprint of the business model, discussed at a recent GSPC board meeting, is already under consideration at the \"highest level\", and a final decision in the matter may be taken after the state assembly polls.Already, GSPC's total liabilities have reached Rs 8,000 crore, most of it borrowed from banks. A senior official said, \"While GSPC succeeded in a market borrowing of Rs 3,000 crore in September, at best this would be an interim relief to the PSU for a year. During this period, it should first close down its foreign operations, especially in Egypt , where possibility of finding oil or gas appears limited.\" He added, \"At the same time, GSPC must go in for commercial production of gas whatever little it has been found in Krishna-Godavari (KG) basin latest by July next year.\"In fact, the official said, \"While stopping foreign operations would mean end of unprofitable operations, commercial production in KG basin would do rest of the job. The viable business model requires that one recognizes GSPC doesn't have more than two trillion cubic feet (tcf) of gas, just one-tenth of what chief minister Narendra Modi announced in 2005.\"The gas, he said, was enough to earn Rs 10,000-12,000 crore, helping GSPC get over its financial crunch once, even at the low price fixed by the Centre. If a higher price is offered, this amount can rise and reach Rs 14,000 crore or more.\"It may be reasonable to stop KG basin operations altogether and divert attention towards gas distribution, where profit is assured. GSPC subsidiaries, GSPC Gas and Gujarat State Petronet Ltd (GSPL), both in the business of gas distribution, make good profit,\" he added.GSPC Gas recently acquired Gujarat Gas, a British Gas subsidiary, taking its total gas distribution network from 4.5 million standard cubic metres (MSCM) to eight. Its profit would rise from Rs 125 crore last year to about Rs 300 crore. GSPL earns revenue of Rs 1,500 crore, and its profits are Rs 500 crore. The official said, \"It is this viable business model alone which was shown to the investors and helped GSPC to earn bonds from the market worth Rs 3,000 crore at a lower-than-expected rate - Rs 1,000 crore at 3.39% rate of interest for eight years, another Rs 1,000 crore at Rs 9.45% for 10 years, and the rest Rs 1,000 crore at 10.45% for 60 years with a call-back option of 10 years. None of bonds has any government security, yet those who invested were convinced that the business model would be successful, and GSPC will be able to survive its present financial crunch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16921830", "title": "Class 10 student dies of mysterious fever, parents allege foul play", "text": "COIMBATORE: A class X student who had been suffering from mysterious fever for the last three days, died on Monday morning. The relatives of the student accused the school management for not giving proper treatment to the student, leading to his death. The relatives lodged a complaint with Perinanaickenpalayam police station on Monday evening, alleging foul play in his death death. Police have registered a case under section 174 CrPC (unnatural death).Police said, P Sukumar (15) from Thandukaranpalayam near Avinashi in Tirupur district, was a class 10 student at Ramakrishna Mission Vidyalaya High School at Perianaickenpalayam on the outskirts of the city. He was staying at the school hostel. Three days ago, the boy began suffering from mysteries fever, and was admitted at a hospital belonging to the school management. But Sukumar failed to recover. On Monday around 8 am, his condition became worse and he was immediately taken to a private hospital which referred the boy to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for advanced treatment.Sukumar was rushed to CMCH where he was declared as brought dead. According to police, the school management did not inform the police or the boy's father Pushparaj about the boy's condition. R K Palanisamy, uncle of the boy approached the Perianaickenpalayam police and claimed that he suspected some foul play in his nephew's death and accused the school management. He told the police that the school management did not inform the parents about his health condition.Based on his complaint, the police registered a case under section 174 CrPC (unnatural death). Sukumar's body has been retained at CMCH for post mortem.According to a source, over 500 students of the school have been staying in the hostel and the school management has instructed their hospital staff to take blood samples of all the students to identify whether anyone else could be ill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920734", "title": "Yash Chopra's death spreads dengue scare", "text": "NEW DELHI: Legendary filmmaker Yash Chopra's death due to dengue has left many Delhiites panicky. Doctors say they are getting constant calls from patients suffering from suspected or confirmed dengue infection, seeking medical advice or admission to the hospital.\"Many patients with near-normal platelet count have insisted on getting admitted. They do not want to take a chance,\" said Dr Suranjit Chatterjee, senior consultant, internal medicine department at Apollo Hospitals. He said that the renowned filmmaker's death due to dengue was surprising for him too. \"There must be some other co-morbid condition, which led to multi-organ failure and death,\" Chatterjee added.Delhi has seen a rise in the number of dengue cases over the last one month. On Monday, 33 new cases of the vector-borne infection were reported, taking the total number of those afflicted to 682. The deputy director of AIIMS is also reported to be admitted in the hospital after suffering from the infection.Two children-Tabassum (9) from Sangam Vihar and Chanchal (1)-have died due to dengue in the city.\"Unnecessary panic and insistence on getting admission by patients who can be managed at home will derail the health infrastructure. Already, we are facing a bed crunch due to increased dengue, viral fever, typhoid and other cases which have engulfed the capital,\" said Dr Sandeep Budhiraja, head of the internal medicine department at Max Hospital, Saket.He said that one needs to get admitted if there is recurrent vomiting and the patient is not able to take fluid or the fever is not going down despite medications. \"If there is a rapid fall in platelet count or the patient has internal bleeding, he or she has to be admitted for constant monitoring of the vital parameters. Also, elderly people, children and those suffering from additional health problems like diabetes, heart disease, kidney failure or cancer have to be admitted,\" Budhiraja added.\"There is indeed a crisis situation. We are struggling to accommodate patients as there is heavy rush,\" said Dr C M Khanijo, medical superintendent, B R Ambedkar Hospital in Rohini. The hospital had to convert the disaster ward into a special facility to handle the large number of patients coming with dengue. \"Some patients we are getting have typhoid and dengue both,\" the medical superintendent said.The private labs are also are flooded with patients coming for dengue tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922500", "title": "Dasara celebrates the victory of good over evil", "text": "Dasara is a 10-day festival culminating in Vijayadashami (Wednesday ). The fest binds different communities \u2014 Kannadigas , Tamilians, Telugu- and Marathi-speaking people, Bengalis , Punjabis and Biharis. TOI looks at the messages of Ayudha Puja and Vijayadashami.AYUDHA PUJAAyudha Puja, the worship of weapons, is observed on the ninth day (Tuesday). What was once a martial festival has now become an occasion to worship implements and tools used in one's work and daily life. In a land where \"work is worship\" is as much a religious as a cultural motif, Ayudha Puja reinforces the effort to see the divine in the tools and objects one uses in daily life. Students choose to worship books, pens and computers, farmers the plough and other agricultural tools, industrialists and their workers the machinery . Even vehicles \u2014 cars, buses, autos, trucks bedecked with flowers and plantain leaves \u2014 are worshipped.VIJAYADASHAMIVijayadashami is the ultimate celebration of good over evil. In the South, it marks the slaying of demon Mahishasura by Goddess Chamundi, while in the North, it is celebrated to commemorate the killing of demon king Ravana by Lord Rama. It is also believed that flagging of new entrepreneurial ventures or purchasing of household items on this day is bound to bring success and prosperity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16925479", "title": "BJP to oppose attempt to obstruct revival of fertilizer unit, warns MP", "text": "SINDRI: The BJP will not tolerate any attempt to obstruct the revival of closed the Sindri fertilizer factory and setting of steel fertilizer and power plants in the town.Stating this here on Monday, Dhanbad MP P N Singh said it was unfortunate that Jharkhand land reforms and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahto had made land, which was acquired for the Sindri fertilizer factory before Independence, an issue at a time when the people of Sindri were eagerly awaiting revival of the industrial status of this place.Talking to newspersons after paying obeisance to the goddess of power at different puja pandals in the town, Singh said it was a Union government project and the Union cabinet had already approved it.\"The land belongs to the central public sector undertaking and if Mahto has any objection he should raise it with central government authorities concerned instead of objecting to the transfer of land to the state-owned steel major,\" said Singh adding that the state government should facilitate setting up of industrial complex in Sindri.There will be an investment of over Rs.35,000 crores in Sindri and it would give the much-needed boost to industrial development in the state, he opined.Earlier he visited more than half-a-dozen puja pandals in the town and at Kandra, Gaushala, Chasnala and Patherdih to pay respect to the deity and spoke with the puja committee members.Meanwhile, puja fever has gripped this town and people are visiting the various puja pandals in hoards. Puja pandals at ACC Colony, Rohrabandh and Rangamati are centres of attraction because of tasteful decorations. The Rangamati puja committee has displayed tableaus depicting impact of corruption, the ill- effects of dowry system and feticide besides a clarion call for making Sindri a Sundari again. While Rohrabandh puja pandal is a replica of Jharkhand high court, the ACC puja committee has installed Durga idol on a huge boat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921238", "title": "Constables who foiled murder plan felicitated", "text": "PUNE: Police commissioner Gulabrao Pol on Monday felicitated constables Sunil Dhamale and Sarika Sanap for their presence of mind in arresting three men who had set out to murder another man.On Sunday , Dhamale and Sanap were going for duty when they noticed a man putting something resembling a gun into his pocket. With the help of local people and Vijaysinh Gaikwad, senior inspector of the Dattawadi police station, Dhamale nabbed the man and his accomplices. Investigations revealed that they were planning to eliminate a youth with whom they had had a fight on the day of Ganesh immersion.Pol gave Dhamale a cash prize of Rs 10,000 and Sanap Rs 5,000. He also rewarded senior inspector Vijaysinh Gaikwad with Rs 3,000 and constables J S Sitaphale and H P Kamble with Rs 2,000 each. Citizens Vishal Pawar, Manoj Bansode and Ravindra Ainapure were awarded Rs 1,000 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16921455", "title": "FIR against employees union for bashing up sanitation workers", "text": "JAIPUR: An FIR has been filed against the activists of Rajasthan Mehtar Mazdoor Sangh at Manak Chowk police station on Monday for manhandling sanitation employees of the contract firm responsible for door-to-door garbage collection in the city.On Monday, members of Mehtar Mazdoor Sangh had bashed up the employees at Jaleb Chowk while they were cleaning the area. Sangh continues to protest as they claim they have been working for the cleanliness of the city for so many years and the government is now introducing private players which they won't not accept.This is the third incident such incident in the past. Recently, thousands of sanitation workers created a ruckus during the inauguration of the door to-door garbage collection scheme when they clashed with the private employees. On Monday, the firm workers cleaned many wards under police protection.\"The state government is ignoring the issue as it should be resolved before starting the scheme,\" said sanitation committee chairman Roshan Saini.In the first phase, the firm had to start collection from 21 wards which included 17 wards of Hawa Mahal east and west zone and four wards of Civil Lines zone. The company was also responsible for garbage collection, sweeping the roads and dumping the waste. The company claims that the work has been successfully implemented in wards 60 &amp; 61. However, the ward councilor claimed that the JMC ( Jaipur Municipal Corporation) is collecting only garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16922608", "title": "More gold recovered in Ponda cheating case", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police have recovered some more gold ornaments in the Sharmila Satish Naik case on Monday, even as the JMFC has remanded her to 14-days judiacial custody.Naik, 31, a resident of Bethora in Ponda, has been accused of duping nine women from Bethora and surrounding areas. Of the nine women, she has allegedly duped eight by borrowing their gold ornaments and hypothecating it to avail a loan without their consent.So far the police have recovered gold worth 3.95 lakh hypothecated to the private finance company to avail gold loan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922326", "title": "Does this censor know Telugu, asks Tollywood", "text": "HYDERABAD: Is it a person with less-than-perfect knowledge of Telugu who is sitting in judgment on Telugu films and deciding what scenes and dialogues may remain in a film and what needed to be censored? Taking their cue from the latest controversy in which Telangana elements are seeking a ban on the Pawan Kalyan-starrer 'Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu', Tollywood producers are putting the entire blame on Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) regional officer A Dhanalakshmi, saying that her competence in Telugu language was suspect .The Pawan Kalyan-Tamannaah film, which has stoked regional trouble, was cleared by Dhanalakshmi with just a few cuts. The blurring of visuals of hip-shaking in a song, another of 'navel shaking', muting of three words, and deletion of one dialogue were the main cuts suggested by CBFC. In contrast, Telangana activists and the Chandravandan committee together found as many as 15 objectionable scenes which were not chopped by the CBFC official.Although Dhanalakshmi's bio-data reads a little funny, the Union ministry of information and broadcasting seems to have been convinced that Dhanalakshmi was proficient in Telugu when they appointed her to the position in March last year. \"My spouse's mother tongue is Telugu... and my children's mother tongue is Telugu,\" Dhanalakshmi wrote in the resume she sent to the ministry which avoids mentioning that Telugu was not her mother tongue. Instead, she declares that she can speak and understand Telugu because she has been working in Hyderabad. \"How could her children's mother tongue be Telugu when she herself is not beats me,. May be her children are not her own!\" said a Tollywood producer.One of the essential qualifications for the job is sound knowledge of Hindi or one more Indian language and Dhanlakshmi mentions that she was proficient in Hindi and has passed the 'Pragya' in first class with distinction. Insofar as Telugu was concerned, Dhanalakshmi says that she has been working in Hyderabad for 14 years and has proper working knowledge of the language.Dhanalakshmi was a section officer in the Central Public Works Department, Hyderabad, and later became assistant registrar, and registrar and director (administration) of the National Institute of Rural Development (NIRD), Hyderabad. Before she took up the CBFC job on deputation she was a deputy secretary in the ministry of steel.Dhanalakshmi's lack of a proper knowledge of Telugu had come in for sharp criticism even when she had held a meeting with the Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber of Commerce. Producers were openly critical of her and wondered how a person with lack of adequate knowledge of Telugu could censor Telugu films. In fact, the advisory panel members of CBFC had even approached chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on the issue of a non-Telugu person censoring Telugu films.Repeated attempts by TOI to reach Dhanalakshmi on her mobile phone to get her side of the story proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nuzvid", "code": "16922419", "title": "Case booked against TDP MLC", "text": "NUZVID: A case was registered against TDP MLC Y Babu Rajendra Prasad for allegedly hurting the sentiments of Christians. Based on a complaint filed by YSR Congress Party leader Meruga Nagarjuna, police on Monday booked the MLC under sections 153A and 504 of the IPC in Nuzvid police station.In his complaint, Nagarjuna contended that Rajendra Prasad had hurt the sentiments of the Christians by making irresponsible comments on the holy Bible. He said it was improper on the part of the TDP MLC to make such remarks.It may be recalled Rajendra Prasad had alleged some days back that YSR Congress honorary president Vijayamma was speaking lies even as she held the Bible in her hands. He dared her to swear on the Bible that the YSR family had not amassed wealth illegally. He even released a VCD showing her holding the Bible in her hand and taking part in daughter Sharmila's padayatra. The MLA charged her with indulging in religious preaching under the guise of the padayatra. HHowever, Vijayamma refuted the reports and said she had never preached Christianity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16921321", "title": "Two cops dismissed from service for looting a jeweler", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two policemen have been dismissed from service by Punjab police for looting a jeweler and that too while in police uniform.A representative of a jeweler from Mumbai, Rajesh Tubrasia, had submitted a complaint to the police that he was on a business visit to Ludhiana when the crime took place. He had reached Ludhiana on October 14 and the next day visited at least three different diamond jewelers for his business.\"After visiting diamond merchants, Rajesh was going back to his hotel when two cops in uniform approached him. He was ordered to accompany them to crime investigation agency. But when he followed them, there was a car parked nearby and he was bundled into it,\"said Hardeep Singh Dhillon, additional director general of police.The car took the route to Delhi and a kilometer ahead of Doraha, other two occupants of the car snatched the bag from the jeweler before pushing out of the car. Following investigations, the policemen were identified as assistant sub inspector Amar Singh and head constable Rajinder Singh.While Rajinder has a chequered past and was dismissed from service earlier as well, ASI Amar Singh claimed that he was lured into the crime by Rajinder. Out of the 72 items of jewellery stolen by the two policemen, 57 have been recovered, said Dhillon. \"The jewellery was worth over Rs 25 lakh. One of the two policemen dismissed was a telephone operator serving with a senior officer while the other was in the lower staff of the police,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16922605", "title": "Arambol panchayat cleans up its act, clears waste", "text": "MAPUSA: Tourists and locals alike, can now look forward to a clean, green Arambol village, as the village panchayat has finally cleared the garbage dumped at the entry to Arambol beach and along the road leading to the village.TOI had highlighted this issue in its October 8 edition. Locals said that the garbage menace was caused because of hoteliers and shack owners, who dump waste on the road along the 1km stretch from Agar to Quepe in Arambol. Cracking the whip against this, Arambol sarpanch Herculana Rodrigues, through a notice, directed hotel owners against dumping garbage in the open along the roads.\"If hotel or shack owners are found dumping garbage on roads or any other open spaces, their NOCs will be rejected by the panchayat,\" said Rodrigues.Stating that asking the hotel and shack owners to take care of their own garbage is a temporary solution, Rodrigues said, \"We will soon start door-to-door waste collection. The fees to be collected from hotel and shack owners will be fixed after a meeting between them and the panchayat members.\"Arambol produces 1.5 tonnes of garbage per day. \"We have approached the Pernem municipality to treat our garbage and once the waste management plant is commissioned, there will be a permanent solution to the garbage problem,\" Rodrigues said.Once the waste management plant is commissioned, the Pernem municipality has plans to pick up garbage generated in other villages in Pernem taluka as the plant will not receive sufficient garbage on a daily basis.\"We have approached the municipality to treat our garbage and once the waste management plant is commissioned, it will be a permanent solution to the garbage problem,\" Rodrigues said.The commissioning of the garbage treatment plant for the Pernem municipality has been delayed because of technical errors while releasing the tender for the work and delay in the installations of the machinery. It is expected to be commissioned within a month. The municipality also has plans to purchase a new composting machine to treat waste, a demonstration of which was also given to the various panchayats of Pernem by a private company.During the demonstration, it was explained that the machine has a capacity of treating three tonnes of garbage and can convert garbage into manure within 10 days without causing a stench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922713", "title": "Maa: My creator, mentor, guide and truest friend", "text": "My mother is real Durga* The real Durga in my life is my mother who stands out as an example of 'bold and beautiful'. My father was working abroad and she was the one who took care of me and my two sisters. She took all those responsibilities - from bringing us up, doing all household chores, shopping, financial planning and much more. Now, we all are settled and even today we look up to her for solving our problems and seek her advice while running our families. She is a strong woman and we have never seen her complaining about things she has to do. With so many problems and hardships she has faced, the calmness on her face has never changed.Deepa Vignesh, Lucknow* Maa.... the fountain of every creation!!!My mother has bestowed upon me the true meaning and essence of life. She is my creator, mentor, guide and truest friend. She has been the protector and the benefactor who forgave all my mistakes and steered me onto the right path and stood rock solid to ward off evils out to harm me. She has inspired me to rise from the ashes and face the world with courage!! My Durga- my mother has given me the strength to fight the Mahishasuras of my life. Thank you mumma!!Aayushi Singh, Lucknow* My protectorMy durga is my mom because she always protects me when I'm in danger.Adduti* My younger sister is Durga who is an epitome of strength energy and inspirationDivya Roy* My mother Kamlesh Agarwal is the Durga in my life. She plays the role of both father and mother in my life, she alone brought me up and gave me all the things which are necessary in life. I lost my father when i was only nine months old. My mother was a lecturer of political science in Lucknow. She inspires me in every stage of my life, protects me from all the difficulties and sufferings of my life. She told me what is good and bad, right and wrong. Her touch gives me new energy to face the problems of the world. Today, I'm a postgraduate in English literature and running my own institute. I want to dedicate my life to my beloved mother who is not with me today, but i know she is seeing me and blessing me from the heaven. Only a mother gives true love without any cost and condition.Anjana Garg* \"Aaj daal mat banaiye mata ji, aaj Gopal ka janamdin hai,\" my mother would beg my grandmother. But it was my Durga's love for me who though was in depression for four years after my birth, and yet took care of me even in that condition. My mother is my Durga in my life, my source of inspiration, my protector and eliminator of all sufferings.- Girdhar Gopal MishraMom an embodiment of love and care* Everyone has a Durga in their life and you know it only once you are touched by her aura. As any teenager, my life has been a roller coaster ride and during all highs and lows my mom has always been my strength. She knows I am a cocoon transforming into a butterfly and inspires me to take onto the world. She also knows I am her little girl craving for her tenderness when the world out there is selfish and mean. My mom is an embodiment of selfless love, care and strength and is my awesome buddy. I love you.Palak Misra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920624", "title": "Rats bite off jawan\u2019s toes in Delhi hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: The feet of a paralysed special forces officer was bitten by rats in the Base Hospital in New Delhi after which the Army has ordered an inquiry into the incident to fix responsibility.The young Lt belonging to an elite Para (special forces) battalion of the force was admitted here in hospital after he was injured in a counter-terrorist operation in J&K; about three weeks ago.The incident came to light when hospital authorities found the paralysed legs of the officer bleeding, Army sources said. An inquiry has been ordered and strict action would be taken against whosoever is found to be responsible for the incident, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16926715", "title": "Cong objects to Gadkari opening Chhattisgarh statehood day celebrations", "text": "RAIPUR: A war of words is raging in Chhattisgarh with the opposition Congress questioning the Raman Singh government's decision to invite the ruling party's beleaguered chief Nitin Gadkari to inaugurate the twelfth statehood day celebrations on November 1 and the BJP hitting back asking whether Congress president Sonia Gandhi's son-in- law Robert Vadra could be a suitable choice for such an occasion.Chief Minister Raman Singh had announced late on Monday night that BJP chief Nitin Gadkari would inaugurate the twelfth Rajyotsva celebrations, being held in the state's new capital Naya Raipur, a sprawling Greenfield city, where the state secretariat is to be shifted next month.Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda will also attend the inaugural ceremony. Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and his Madhya Pradesh counterpart Shivraj Singh Chouhan are also scheduled to attend the celebrations.As BJP chief's name figured in controversies and skeletons continue to tumble out of the closet of BJP president Nitin Gadkari's Purti group of companies with reports now revealing that his driver, accountant and two employees were directors of the firms that invested in the group, opposition Congress mounted an attack on the BJP government, questioning its wisdom to allow the beleaguered party chief to inaugurate the statehood day celebrations.Attacking the BJP government, state Congress president Nandkumar Patel said \"After Tuesday's fresh revelations in the media, the state should re-think about its decision to get the statehood day celebrations inaugurated by Nitin Gadkari\".He said the business interests of Sancheti brothers, allegedly considered close to the BJP chief, in Chhattisgarh is already under cloud following controversies over coal block allocation.Earlier, Patel and leader of the opposition Ravindra Choubey, had issued a joint statement ridiculing the move to invite Gadkari to inaugurate the Rajyotsav, suggesting that it should also consider getting the state's first global investor's meet inaugurated by Nagpur based Sancheti brothers whose company is embroiled in a controversy over the manner in which it secured coal blocks in the state.Reacting to Congress criticism, ruling BJP leaders shot back \"Does the Congress think that Robert Vadra against whom the India Against Corruption(IAC) had raised several charges was suitable choice for inaugurating the celebrations? Should we invite Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law for the event, in place of president of country's largest opposition party?\" a group of BJP legislators asked in a joint statement.They said the Congress was trying to rake up an issue to divert people's attention from the scandals and scams under the UPA government at the centre.Chhattisgarh is all set to celebrate its 12th statehood day from November 1 to 6 at \"Naya Raipur\", the new capital city, which is also being inaugurated. President Pranab Mukherjee will dedicate the new capital complex, the state new secretariat building, during his two day visit to the state beginning from November 6.Coinciding with the celebrations, the state is also holding its first global investor's meet on November two and three to showcase the new quarters of its capital city and attract domestic and overseas capital. The state has already come up new policies to attract investment in sunrise industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16923050", "title": "Prices high but flowers sell on festival demand", "text": "CHENNAI: Demand for flowers and fruits in the city peaked a day ahead of Ayudha Puja despite a steep rise in prices. Traders in the Koyembedu wholesale market and retailers said prices of the flowers and fruits have gone up by 30 % but many people in the city bought flowers on Monday to decorate their houses for the festival.\"We have seen a steady increase in sales even though the prices are high\" said Hari Krishan, a vendor in Saidapet. Shopkeepers said they were unable to meet the demand because many trucks carrying fruits and flowers were stuck due to the incessant rain.\"There price of flowers and fruits increases during the festival season , but we have to buy them all the same,\" said Vijaya Shanthi, a resident of Chetpet.Florists in the city said many people purchasedlarge quantity of flowers to decorate temples , puja pandals , shops and offices. Garlands were selling at twice the usual rate on Monday .\"There is good demand for flowers despite the price of marigold going up to 90 per kg from 30 per kg in the wholesale market ,\" said Palani Manikan , a flower vendor in Koyembedu . Flower vendorssaidthatthereis also a demand for the jasmine , lilies and roses .Vegetable and fruit prices have also increased . \"The cost of most fruits and vegetables like beans, carrot and drumstick has gone up,\" said V R Soundarajan , a wholesale trader in Koyambedu. \"This is mainly because of the demand of vegetables and fruits for puja . Fruits play an important part in rituals .\"Fruit vendors said prices had risen by 20% to 25%.Clear roads after ritual: CorpnChennai: Corporation of Chennai has asked resident to remove pieces of pumpkin and coconut from the road after they are broken for the Ayudha Puja festival. The civic body said it would fine those who do not remove the pieces of fruit after the ritual. Corporation officials will fine the house or shop in front of which the pieces of fruit are found. Officials said large pieces of pumpkins and coconuts often cause accidents in two-wheelers and cyclists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921935", "title": "India, Japan, US trilateral to be held next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: As India and Japan seek to expand their influence in the Asia-Pacific, they will hold their third trilateral dialogue mechanism with the US next week.Ahead of PM Manmohan Singh's visit to Japan next month, the 2nd India-Japan 2+2 Dialogue was also held in Tokyo on Monday.The trilateral talks will be followed by a meeting of the India-Japan joint working group on terrorism. In the talks on Monday, they also agreed to an early meeting of the new India-Japan Cyber Security Dialogue.The Indian delegation on Monday was led by foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and defence secretary Shashi Kant Sharma. The Japanese delegation was led by deputy foreign minister Akitaka Saiki and administrative vice defence minister Hironori Kanazawa.\"These 2+2 consultations at Senior Official level are mandated by the Action Plan to Advance Security Cooperation concluded between the two countries in December, 2009. These consultations build on the last round of the 2+2 Dialogue held at New Delhi in June 2010,'' said an official.The two sides briefed the other on their respective defence and security policies in the background of each country's security environment. In this context, they reviewed bilateral security and defence cooperation and discussed ways of further expanding such ties.The two delegations also exchanged views on maritime, cyber and outer space security. They also discussed the regional and international security situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16932268", "title": "Prabhas turns 33", "text": "It's actor Prabhas's birthday today and the twitter universe was flooded with birthday wishes for the rebel Star. The actor turned 33 years old today. Here is what the Tollywood celebrities had to say to the birthday boy. Looks like he is called \"darling\" for a good reason!Kajal Agarawal ? ?@KajalAgarawal Here wishing #Prabhas a Happy Birthday :)Richa Gangopadhyay ?@richyricha Wishing a very happy birthday to my favoritest costar Prabhas!! Hv nvr met a hero so down to earth and funny! A pleasure to work with :)Lakshmi Manchu ?@LakshmiManchu Happy birthday darling Prabhas :) U r awesome :) bestest wishes.ileana dcruz ?@Ileana_Dcruz Happy birthday darling prabhas! Lots of love to u! Rock like a Rebel..Vishnu Manchu ?@ItsVishnuManchu Many Happy returns of the day to 'Darling' Prabhas! Thank q dear brother for Dhenikaina ReadyManchu Manoj ?@HeroManoj1 Happy birthday to my darling young rebel star :-) may u get married this year :-) lol :) god bless brother:-)RAGHU KUNCHE ?@kuncheraghu Happy birthday to you \"Darling Prabhas\"???? .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922970", "title": "Truck hijackers make merry ferrying idols during Dasara", "text": "HYDERABAD: Little did Nagaraj (name changed), a lorry driver, know that he would be part of a filmy style hijacking episode. His lorry was chased and waylaid by miscreants in the early hours of Sunday at Sanathnagar when he was returning after unloading goods at Kukatpally. Nagaraj was held captive for a day in Mangalhat.Hijacking of lorries has become rampant during Ganesh Chaturthi and Dasara festivals when these heavy vehicles are in great demand for ferrying idols. Organized efforts are made to stop the lorries on highways as they return after unloading goods. Miscreants sometimes chase the vehicles on bikes and force the drivers to stop. The drivers are threatened to part with the vehicle or sometimes held captive until the festival ends.\"We earn around Rs 12,000 daily during these festivals. The high amount compensates the damage the vehicle suffers for carrying the heavy load. To cash in on the high earnings during festivals, several miscreants have started hijacking transport vehicles from unsuspecting drivers on highways. Some even use the services of the drivers under threat. It is not easy to get the lorry released from the thugs as they threaten anybody who attempts to negotiate with them. If they make any payment the lorry drivers have to accept it, else grin and bear the loss,\" said a lorry owner.Interestingly, all the vehicles that were hijacked this year were later retrieved from various parts of the Old City. During this year's Ganesh Chaturthi, more than half a dozen lorries hijacked in Patencheru , Medchal, and Kukatpally were later recovered from Kamatipura , Gowlipura, Hussaini Alam and Begum Bazaar areas.In the Gowlipura incident, the goons returned the vehicle only after the festival concluded. When the owners went to claim the vehicle with the support of the police, local women were used as a shield and reportedly made to sit in front of the vehicle to dissuade the cops who feared worsening of law and order situation. The lorry that was hijacked on Sunday in Sanathnagar was the first incident to take place this Dasara.Members of the Hyderabad Steel Transport Association said they make representations every year before the start of Ganesh Chaturthi to the police commissioner to provide them assistance during festive season.In Sunday's incident, the association came out in support of the owner and was able to negotiate with the locals of Mangalhat to get the lorry released on Monday.\"Though we threatened we would go to the police, they refused to handover the vehicle. Only when we went to the police station to lodge a complaint at the police station, did the miscreants budge. We worked out a compromise but the locals refused to pay us compensation,\" said a member of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16928181", "title": "Indian leaders interact with Australian premier", "text": "INDORE: In an interaction with the Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard which was organized by the Australian High Commission in New Delhi, 40 young Indian leaders, selected from across various walks of life from the entire country, discussed various topics. The topics ranging from attacks on Indian students in Australia, Australia's diplomatic priorities and recognition of Australia's indigenous population. Well-known television personality and the anchor of popular chat show 'The Devil's Advocate', Karan Thapar, moderated the interaction.Amongst these 40 youth, nine were invited from CII's Young Indians (Yi), from across its 25 chapters in the country. Western &amp; central India regions were represented by Young Indians Indore Chapter chairman, Ankit D Mittal.Gillard said that both Australia and India had a large population of the youth and that the future of engagement between these two countries was going to be defined by the young people of both the nations. She also said that youth in both the countries can contribute to the emerging world order as the economic interests of India and Australia will continue to converge in the future.My message to Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh, won't be about his management of your economy and his role in it, rather it will be about things we can do together, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922390", "title": "BJP, Bajrang Dal activists intercept cattle trucks", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed at Janwada village near Narsingi on Monday morning when Bajrang Dal activists intercepted trucks carrying cattle meant for 'Qurbani' for Bakrid. The angry protesters damaged windshields of the trucks. As people from other community started gathering, police resorted to lathicharge and dispersed the mob.Around 6 30 am, a group of Bajrang Dal and BJP activists intercepted two trucks carrying oxen and cows near Janwada village. The mob started pelting stones on the vehicles and the windshields got damaged. Police were alerted immediately about the incident by locals. However, by the time cops arrived, people from other community also started gathering at the spot.Fearing the situation might go out of hand, police lathicharged and dispersed the mob. The cattle were then shifted to a pound near Hi-Tec city. As there were only a few cows in the trucks, the Narsingi police have booked a case under the Andhra Pradesh Prohibition of Cow Slaughter and Animal Preservation Act, 1977 and another case against the Bajrang Dal activists for rioting under section 147 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). \"We have not arrested anyone so far,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Rajendranagar, A Mutyam Reddy told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16926849", "title": "Intex launches COP BASIC anti-virus solution", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intex Technologies has launched the latest version of anti-virus software- Intex COP BASIC with cloud scanning technology and navigation. The anti-virus solution is targeted at consumers who actively use PCs, laptops and are looking for antispyware.Intex COP BASIC auto-scans computer system periodically once installed. It operates in the background and detects and deletes unknown threats whilst minutely monitoring the behavior of a programme in use. The anti-virus also tracks and blocks suspicious websites that may cause credit card phishing and loss of data.Other new features include an enhanced detection rate and simplified user interface, making it easier for users to choose how they want to personalize their settings. The product communicates in real-time with cloud server and updates itself after a stipulated period of time. This software cleans the hard drive, preserves battery life on laptops and eliminates freezing and crashing.Priced at Rs 499 &amp; Rs. 990, it comes in one-and-three-user packs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16922203", "title": "Young and old dance into the night to celebrate Navaratri", "text": "COIMBATORE: The wet weather did in no way hamper Navaratri celebrations for 120 odd Gujarati families residing in Coimbatore, at the Gujarati Samaj in the city on Monday. On the seventh day of the festival this year, it was all pomp and show as the festivities began for the 60th year of the puja in the city.Dressed in traditional attire, the men in Kedo and the women in Chariya Choli, the participants were in festive spirits, dancing into the night. The young and old were equally jubilant. There actually seemed to be a competition of sorts as the older folk in tune with the latest dance techniques showcased their skills, and the youth countered with their best twists and twirls. There was live music where a group of musicians from Odhani belted out folk songs.Sachin Kotecha, Convenor of Navaratri festival said that each year the celebration gets more elaborate. \"We are conducting the mahotsav for the 60th year and since its inception the event has been celebrated in a traditional manner,\" he said. Most people in the community show up for all the nine days, he said. The celebration starts with the pooja and culminates with the Garba and Dandiya. The evening begins at 9pm and goes on till 2am, he added. People outside the community are also invited to join in the celebrations. The Garba Dandiya Dhamaka to be held on October 25 is open to anyone interested in having an entertaining evening, Sachin said.Nilesh Shah, Joint secretary, Gujarati Samaj, said that the first three days are devoted to goddess Kali, the next three to goddess Lakshmi and the last three days to Saraswati.Saloni M Parikh, a student of Kikani school, said that the festivities allowed her to understand her culture better. \"We have never visited Gujarat. But by participating in the celebrations I am able to connect with my roots,\" she said.Divyesh Thakkar, whose family has been in Coimbatore for six generations, said that while the celebration ensures that tradition is preserved, it is also a way of passing on tradition from one generation to the next. Over the years, he said that not much had changed in the way they celebrate the festival, as they are keen on preserving tradition and have no interest in commercializing the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16926747", "title": "Vindhyachal temple priests, police clash in Mirzapur", "text": "VARANASI: A group of pandas (priests) and police deployed at Vindhyachal Temple in Mirzapur clashed on Sunday night over the issue of entry of devotees from the western door of the temple. The Panda Samaj held a dharna on Monday afternoon in protest against the incident.With the beginning of Navratra, lakhs of devotees are thronging the temple of Goddess Vindhyavasini to offer prayers daily. The temple remains opened round-the-clock. Officials, including district magistrate NS Govind Raju and SP SC Pandey also monitor the security arrangements. With the increasing crowd, the charm of 'VIP darshan' had also increased at the temple. Whenever VIPs reach there, the policemen help them to enter the temple without standing in queues through the western doors.After midnight on Sunday, the cops deployed at western gate allowed some devotees to enter the temple. On seeing it, a group of pandas raised objections. They argued that if policemen would take their guests through the gate, the pandas should also be allowed the same facility. When the pandas exerted pressure, the on policemen thrashed them. The pandas entered a room near Hawankund of the temple and locked it from inside.The news of the incident spread like wildfire and dozens of pandas gathered near western door. After an exchange of heated words, the pandas indulged in fighting with police.Two cops, including sub-inspector LS Singh and constable Ramvriksha Verma sustained injuries. Situation normalized after the intervention of senior officials. The pandas reached Vindhyachal police station where the DM and SP were camping. Even the assurance of these officials could not satisfy the pandas. They again returned to the temple and indulged in fighting with cops. Circle officer SP Singh suffered minor injuries.The police registered a case against unidentified pandas. When the Panda Samaj got information of lodging of FIR on Monday, they decided to boycott the work in the afternoon and also staged a dharna. President of Panda Samaj Rajan Pathak and other office-bearers demanded withdrawal of case against the pandas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16925840", "title": "CM tableaux share space with idols in Navratri pandals", "text": "BHOPAL: Take it as a PR exercise for the next year's elections or simply an indication of his popularity, tableaux of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan have also been installed at Durga pandals in the city during the Navratri festivities this year.At one place near Katju hospital on Bhadbhada road, he has been shown delivering a speech, the tableau showing government schemes also displayed the Ladli Laxmi yojana, beti bachao abhiyan and distribution of cycles to school girls among others. Government publicity material is also on display at the tableau.At regular intervals, speeches of the chief minister are also played through loudspeakers in the evening for the crowd comprising a large number of rural folk from neighbouring villages.The Durga tableau at 7 No. bus stop displays Chouhan flying in a chopper with MP shasan dwara (by the state government) written on it. The tableau shows the chopper going up and down. Here also government schemes are on display. Besides, Chouhan's speeches are also played where he talks about his schemes.Prakash Mande, member of the Vyapari Sangh Durga Utsav Samiti at 7 No. bus stop tableau claimed that displaying the government schemes was an idea of the organisers. \"Last year, Shivraj had come to the Devi Jagrata and had delivered a speech too. We have been playing the same speech regularly at the tableau,\"he explained.\"None of us belong to the BJP\", he hastened to add while pointing to other organizers\".When pointed out to a government spokesman, he finds nothing wrong in this. \"This is definitely not an issue of mixing politics with religion. At most, one can say that the government policies are being propagated during the festivities,\" he explained.And yes, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh had used the festivities at Durga and Ganesha pandals effectively in places like Jhabua and Alirajpur in the past to make inroads in the tribal regions. They would sponsor the Ganesha and Durga pandals in the tribal belt with the organizational flag fluttering atop to attract the tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16924901", "title": "Congress workers submit memorandum on poor civic conditions", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A delegation of Congress workers on Monday met additional municipal commissioner and handed over a memorandum demanding improvement in the poor civic conditions prevailing in the city.Congress leader Mukund Tiwari blamed the officials for pathetic civic conditions in the city. Heaps of garbage is lying piled up at different spots while drains are lying choked for the past several months. It has become difficult for public to move on the route with filth and garbage, he said.He said the civic officials have not carried out fogging in the city as a result several localities have become a breeding ground for mosquitoes.Congress workers said the festive season has started yet no cleaning drive is being undertaken in the city. They warned of protest at the office of municipal commissioner if civic authorities fail to clean the city. Meanwhile, additional municipal commissioner assured to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16922845", "title": "Animal sacrifice still in vogue", "text": "PATNA: Unfazed by the hue and cry against animal sacrifice in the name of worship, various historic temples in the city still perform 'bali (sacrifice)' on the occasion of Durga Puja.The over 150-year-old Kali Mandir at Darbhanga House on the Patna University campus continues its age-old tradition of performing animal sacrifice to appease goddess Kali. \"Thousands of devout Hindus come to witness animal sacrifice on Mahanavami,\" said Sunil Kumar, a senior member of the temple management committee.Pandit Dinanath Jha, chief priest of the temple, said, \"According to the legend, the last 24 minutes of 'Mahaashtami' and the first 24 minutes of 'Mahanavami' are known as 'Sandhi' time. This 'Sandhi' time is considered as the most auspicious during Durga Puja, and it is customary to perform 'bali' at this juncture.\"He added, \"In keeping with our custom, on Mahanavami, after the morning puja, we perform animal sacrifice here. This year, around 100 goats will be sacrificed. This number also depends on the number of devotees who come to offer sacrifice.\"At Vindhyavasini Devi temple, Gardanibagh, the sacrifice is mostly offered after Mahanisha, the puja that is performed only by pandits and where no outsider is allowed, said Baba Madan Maharaj. Opposite to this temple, near a tree is the place where 'bali' is performed. \"A large number of devotees come here to witness the sacrifice every year in the morning of Mahanavami. This year, we will sacrifice over 50 animals to appease Devi Sheetala, who is also present at this temple,\" said Maharaj. The Sheetala Devi idol at this temple is over 100 year old, while the Vindhyavasini Devi idol was established in 1984.Another local temple that still continues the tradition of animal sacrifice is Maa Sheetala Devi temple, Agamkuan. \"Till a few years ago, we used to perform hundreds of 'bali', but the number has now gone down due to runaway prices. This year too, at least 25 to 30 animal sacrifices will be performed,\" said Sunil Mali, prabandhak sevait of the temple. The temple's chief priest, Pandit Sujeet, said, \"According to legend, during the 'Sandhi', Durga is worshipped in her Chamunda form. Devi Durga killed Chand and Mund, the two 'asuras (demons), at this time and thus acquired the name of 'Chamunda'. Thus, we give 'bali' near a well to appease the goddess.\"\"Bali is usually performed after the Mahanisha puja, but we have already performed a couple of sacrifices on 'Mahasaptami' and 'Mahaashtami,\" said the priests of Maa Sheetala Devi temple, Agamkuan, and Vindhyavasini temple, Gardanibagh.When contacted about the rules regarding animal sacrifice, SSP, Patna, Amrit Raj said, \"Animal sacrifice is illegal.\" When Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh was asked why doesn't the police take any step to stop this practice, he said, \"We have received no complaint in this regard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922930", "title": "A few extra special guests", "text": "They weren't family or friends, but Prithviraj Franklin refers to the 40 homeless elderly people he invited to his wedding as 'very special guests'. Amid food, clothes, and decor , the budget for his wedding included inviting them. \"I wanted their blessings,\" says Franklin. He believes it was the best gift he could receive on that auspicious day.\"My friends spent the whole day with them. They took them to the beach, gave them lunch and brought them to the hall for dinner,\" says the 32-yearold software engineer. \"We invited each of them on stage, and got their blessings. Some of them told us it was the first time in decades they had been part of a family function,\" says Franklin, who also handed out saplings to his guests as a return gift.On her wedding day this July, between ceremonies, Archanaa Venkat and her husband rushed to a home for the destitute elderly on the outskirts of the city, to give them lunch and seek their blessings. \"My aunt runs the home and I spend time as much time as I can there. They also came to my reception,\" she says.On the one hand, the big fat Indian wedding just keeps getting bigger and fatter\u2014the budget for an Indian wedding ceremony in the middle class segment is between 10 lakh and 20 lakh and the upper class between 3 crore and 5 crore. On the other, you have the Franklins and Venkats who are using the day to spread a little of their joy in the direction of the destitute.In India, weddings were traditionally a community affair, where families would throw open a feast to everyone in the village, says sociologist Dr Bernard D' Sami. \"Weddings today have become more isolated. They may look spectacular , they may be lavish, they may have recreated the Taj, but they are still isolated events, more about the individual rather than a social gathering,\" he adds. \"If you have one couple trying to give back, it's the best start to reviving our traditional culture,\" says D' Sami. While Franklin and Venkat decided to pay tribute to the elderly, 31-year-old Sridhar Raparthi, who works for a software major, invited children from an orphanage in Red Hills. \"Thirty children joined us for the wedding feast at Rani Meyammai Hall, where my reception was held,\" says Sridhar.Wedding planners say the concept of giving rather than receiving at a wedding is rare though there are stray instances of couples asking to distribute food at orphanages on the day of the wedding. \"As part of the wedding planning they ask us to find orphanages where food, chocolates and clothes can be distributed on the same day as the wedding,\" says wedding planner Suman Chakrawarthi.Some social service organisations lend a hand. Since 2010, Chennai Social Service has been giving saplings at wedding receptions . \"We have done 30 weddings and given away 150 saplings at each. We ask people for their email addresses and follow up on how the saplings are doing,\" says Sathya Moorthy, CSS.Tanker Foundation encourages people to gift a dialysis to a needy patient on behalf of a couple. Part-Chennaiite , part-Bostonite Sudha Rao donates one dialysis for every wedding she is invited to. \"I've had so many couples thank me later saying they are glad that they could make a difference in at least one person's life,\" she says.It's worth the effort, says Franklin, who adds that his family and friends may not remember the food they ate or the decor but they remember his special gesture. \"It's what people talk about when they reminisce about my wedding and that's a good feeling,\" he says.In the official biography of Mother Teresa, written by former Election Commissioner Navin Chawla, there is mention of a young Hindu couple who approached Mother Teresa with all the money they had saved for their wedding. They tell her that they love each other so much that they would rather share their joy with the needy than spend on a lavish wedding, and hand over all the money they had saved. Mother Teresa refers to the money as sacrifice money", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16920080", "title": "Girls with cellphones invite trouble, says BSP MP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party Rajya Sabha MP Rajpal Singh Saini landed in a controversy on Monday after he told a public meeting in Muzaffarnagar district that women and children, particularly young girls, who use mobile phones only invite trouble for themselves.\"Recently, I met a father of a girl who was kidnapped. I came to know that the father had given mobile phone to his daughter, and I told him that giving cell phones to girls only invites trouble,\" Saini was shown on TV as saying. He said his mother, wife, sister and daughter never used mobiles and they were doing just fine. Further along the patriarchal vein, he said men can let kids, girls and women use their phones but only for important conversations.After his remarks were broadcast and reporters sought his comments, Saini blamed the media for twisting his words and said he was only referring to students.Senior BSP leaders refused to comment on Saini's remarks, saying these were his personal views. However, sources in the party said BSP chief Mayawati was upset after she saw the footage and directed senior leaders to ask Saini take corrective measures.Saini predictably drew flack from women organisations, among them members of the National Women Commission and the Samajwadi Party. Thereafter, Saini issued a press release stating that the edited version of his statement was shown by the news channels. \"I was quoted out of context. I had said that the students up to certain age should be discouraged from using mobile phones, as it distracts them during studies. I am in favour of women and girls carrying cell phone, particularly when they venture out,\" he said in a press release.While Saini did 'damage control' as directed by party's top brass, the issue is not new in Muzaffarnagar, which despite economic progress has retained a highly patriarchal society and is known for Taliban-like diktats by khap panchayats. In July, a panchayat in Baghpat district banned love marriages, barred women below 40 from going out shopping and girls from using mobile phones. The region also has a high incidence of honour killing and female foeticide.Most political parties avoid commenting on panchayat diktats. Sushil Kumar, a social activist, said politicians in western UP publicly advocate freedom for women but in private adhere to and even support diktats of khap panchayats. He said politicians, including those who have studied abroad, do not dare speak against panchayats and patriarchal traditions for fear of losing votes.Times View", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921708", "title": "In Valparai, warning systems keep man-animal conflicts at bay", "text": "CHENNAI: Every day, around 3pm, Ganesh Raghunathan sends out at least 800 message alerts to people living in Valparai in Coimbatore district about the movement of elephants. The text messages in English and Tamil have the contact numbers of people to contact in case of an emergency. The Red Light Flashing System installed in 24 areas in Valparai also alerts locals.Warning systems, introduced a year ago, to minimise man-animal conflict in Valparai have found positive response from the locals, according to M Ananda Kumar, wildlife scientist at the Nature Conservation Foundation in Valparai. The foundation introduced the warning systems with the help of UK-based Elephant Family and some private companies in Valparai two years ago.\"A pregnant woman called me on sighting a herd of elephants before her hut two days ago. We asked her not to make any noise. We gave her some tips over the phone, and it worked. The herd soon moved from the spot. This shows how effective the elephant information network is,\" said Kumar.At least 38 people were killed in man-elephant conflicts between 1994 and 2012 in Valparai alone. When Kumar and his team began their study, they realised that loss of human life due to encounters with elephants was due to lack of information about the animals' movement. Establishing a conflict response unit (CRU) to track the movement of elephants was the first step.Based on the information they received from CRU, the team introduced three types of warning measures. \"We first started warning locals about elephant movements on local TV channels. This didn't work as many do not have TVs at homes. To solve this, we developed an SMS service. The SMS service was a turning point as it got a good response. We have also installed flashing LED lights in strategic locations. We have roped in locals to operate the lights from their mobile phones when elephants are around,\" said Kumar. The system could also be introduced in other conflict areas in the country, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16923988", "title": "Eminent litterateur Sunil Gangopadhyay passes away at his Kolkata residence", "text": "KOLKATA: Eminent litterateur and Sahitya Akademi president Sunil Gangopadhyay died at his South Kolkata residence in the early hours of Tuesday following a massive heart attack.He was 78. Gangopadhyay's body will be kept in a mortuary till his son arrives from Boston for performing the last rites, family sources said.A prolific writer and winner of several awards, Gangopadhyay was the founder editor of 'Krittibas', a seminal poetry magazine that became a platform for a new generation of poets experimenting with many new forms.Author of over 200 books, Gangopadhyay excelled in different genres but declared poetry to be his \"first love\". His Neera series of poems are popular.Gangopadhyay also excelled in short story, novels, travelogues and children's fiction.He had won the Sahitya Akademi Award (1985), Ananda Puraskar `(1989) and the Hindu Literary Prize(2011).After serving five years as the vice-president, he was elected the president of the Sahitya Akademi on February 20, 2008.He used the pen-names of Nil Lohit, Sanatan Pathak and Nil Upadhyay.Gangopadhyay is survived by wife and son.President Pranab Mukherjee condoled the death of eminent writer Sunil Gangopadhyay.\"Gangopadhyay had enriched Bengali literature through his unique style. He was one of the best intellectuals among his contemporaries. The vacuum created by his death cannot be filled,\" the President said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16922974", "title": "Autorickshaw hassle drives Chennai cab business", "text": "CHENNAI: With every spell of rain or hike in petrol prices, autorickshaw drivers in the city hike their fares. Bargaining is often of little use and only adds to the unpleasantness of travelling by auto in Chennai.With the northeast monsoon bringing almost incessant rain to the city, the situation is now worse than ever before . Drivers demand 50 for a ride of less than 1km . The hassles of travelling by autorickshaw have resulted in people opting to commute by cabs and taxi operators are doing roaring business .There are now more taxis in the city than government buses in all of Tamil Nadu . \"There are close to 100 taxi operators in the city and around 20,000 cabs ,\" said a senior transport official. According to data from April 2012, Chennai has almost 66,700 autorickshaws.With auto fares not regulated in the state , a large number of call taxi operators are foraying into the market . Million Dots and NTL are the latest to have started operations in the city . Million Dots offers a 30 km ride for 600 , at 20 per km , in an airconditioned Innova . There is no dearth of commuters .NTL, which started operations on October 17, has about 350 cars in its fleet, of which 200 are owned by the company. \"We get around 9,000 calls every day. It is difficult to meet the demand,\" said Arun Kumar, a shift manager in the company. \"We have been able to take up to 2,000 passengers every day .\" Most of the customers are working professionals . NTL rates for a Ford Figo start at 150 for a minimum of 4km and 17 per km for each additional kilometre . This is cheaper than an auto ride which could cost anywhere between 25 and 40 per kilometre . Call taxis came to the city in 2000, when Fast Track started operations with 100 vehicles .Theoperator now has close to 6,000 cars . \"We get around 20,000 bookings every day ,\" said a Fast Track representative .\"Our rates are clearly displayed and we stick to the tariff . That is our biggest advantage over autorickshaws .\" However , one disadvantage is that a person on the road cannot flag down a call taxi . But that hasn't hampered their business \"We are increasingly getting commuters for trips for less than 2km . There are shoppers who want book taxis , parents who send their children to school every day and professionals heading to work ,\" the Fast Track representativesaid .I was asked for 350 for a trip from T Nagar to Koyambedu,\" said Rathnavel a college student. \"Why would I pay so much when I can travel in the comfort of a cab for less?\"Auto drivers admit that coming in calltaxis areeating in to their profits . With several commuters reacting negatively to the fares demanded by autodriver unions, call taxis may be the biggest gainers .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922885", "title": "Man slits his throat in car", "text": "BANGALORE: A 35-year-old man allegedly attempted suicide by slitting his throat inside a car near Tagore Circle underpass on Monday evening.He was identified as Srinivas , resident of Jayanagar.Passersby noticed Srinivas reclining to a side in the car around 10pm. \"He was on the driver's seat but his body was leaning towards the other seat. This raised suspicion. On going near the car, they noticed that blood was all over the windshield, the driver's seat and steering wheel,\" Basavanagudi police said.Srinivas had tried to slit his throat using a kitchen knife, which was found next to him inside the car. Srinivas was rushed to KIMS Hospital, where his condition is said to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16924178", "title": "'Erosion hurdle to Bangla border management'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) has said effective management of the India-Bangladesh border will not be possible unless erosion by the Brahmaputra in Dhubri district is stopped.During Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's recent visit to the border in Dhubri, AIUDF highlighted the damage caused by unabated erosion of land by the Brahmaputra, affecting fences and border out posts along the India-Bangladesh boundary.AIUDF legislator Abdur Rahman Ajmal informed the minister that due to continuous erosion of land over the last one and half decade, the Brahmaputra has come close to the border fence at Kaliar Alga and Kokradanga areas under Mankachar revenue circle of the district. Ajmal said the river, at present, is barely 20 meter away from the border out post (BOP) at Sishumara. He said unless erosion is checked, it would pose a serious threat to the sovereignty of India. At least 50, 000 people have been displaced from their villages in the district because of erosion.The AIUDF legislator has also highlighted that frequent course change by the Brahmaputra and its tributaries has increased difficulties in not just managing the international border but also displaced many people from their villages. Ajmal cited the case of Gour Jhapusabari village near Bangladesh and West Bengal borders where more than half of the land area has been eroded by the Kaljani River. He said rapid changing of course by the Kaljani River has divided the village into three parts, making it difficult for BSF personnel for patrolling.\"Thousands of Gour Jhapusabari villagers were displaced since 2005 because of serious erosion by the Kaljani River along the five km stretch of the village. The main village has now been cut-off by the changed course of the river. And those who still reside in the main village will have to enter Bangladesh first before traveling to other parts of Dhubri. If erosion is not checked on a war footing, the village and the border fence at Jhaukati will disappear soon,\" said Ajmal.He added that the border fence at several other villages were also under serious erosion threat. \"If erosion checking measures are not taken on a war footing, India will continue to lose land. Moreover, frequent shifting of BOP due to erosion will also affect border management and anti-national elements might take advantage of the situation,\" said Ajmal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921691", "title": "Mysore-Chennai Kaveri Express derails near Kuppam, none hurt", "text": "CHENNAI: Passengers of the Mysore-Chennai Kaveri Express had a close brush with death when three coaches of the train derailed when boulders fell on to the track early on Monday. No one was injured in the accident that took place between Pachannur and Mallanur near Kuppam in Andhra Pradesh, 300km from here.The engine, brake van, a general coach and an AC II tier coach derailed when the loco pilot slammed the brakes after seeing a boulder roll on to the tracks at 2.30am. Passengers of the affected coaches were brought to Chennai in the same train around 2.45pm.The accident blocked one line on the two-line section. Four trains on the Chennai-Bangalore sector were delayed by two to four hours, a Southern Railway official said. The Bangalore-Chennai Shatabdi Express arrived late while the Chennai-Bangalore Lalbagh Express left at 3.15pm after a delay of more than an hour. A Chennai-Hubli special train left after a delay of two hours, while the Chennai-Bangalore Express was also delayed.Chennai Central was even more crowded than usual with passengers of the delayed trains and those who arrived to receive friends and relatives.\"I spoke to my mother on the Kaveri Express as soon as I heard about the accident. She assured me that no one was injured,\" said S Ashwin. Passengers filing out of the train appeared tired after waiting for several hours till the coaches were detached, tracks repaired and the train allowed to proceed to Chennai.\"I felt a sudden jerk and the train stopped but I didn't know what happened. People said the train had derailed,\" said Nanja Gowda who had boarded at Bangalore. Most passengers didn't know about the accident as there was only a slight jerk. \"Our sleeper coach seemed to be jerking since we left Bangalore. So we didn't feel anything different when the train stopped,\" said S Sambasivam, a passenger.A medical desk was set up at Chennai Central. \"We made arrangements for first aid, but nobody was injured,\" said S Govindasamy, station manager. The section between Mallanur and Pachanur is tricky as the track passes between two barren hills of boulders and loco pilots are warned to keep watch for boulders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16922463", "title": "Swords case: Culprits are history sheeters", "text": "MARGAO: Police investigation into the case of the arrest of two gangsters who were found in possession of swords at Colva last week, have revealed that the duo, apart from being involved in several cases of thefts in Goa, also have several criminal cases registered against them by the Belgaum police.The duo, Khwaja Aslam Shaikh and Irfan Khatal Shaikh, are presently in police custody on five days remand.\"The two accused who have been arrested are history sheeters from Belgaum and are accused in many criminal cases there. While Irfan has seven cases registered against him, Khwaja is an accused in five cases, including that of assault by a sword on a policeman. Several court warrants are also pending against them,\" South Goa SP Allen de Sa, told mediapersons on Monday.The police have, so far been able to recover 68 mobiles which were stolen by the two accused from a shop in Curchorem, and an industrial gas cylinder that was stolen from a workshop also from Curchorem.\"The gas cylinder was used by the accused for cutting the shutter of the shop using a gas cutter, and an ATM at Navelim. The accused have admitted to have committed thefts in two supermarkets, one at Majorda and the other at Navelim, and one in a money exchange unit in Margao. In South Goa police's jurisdiction alone, they are accused in seven cases,\" de Sa said.The police are still on the lookout for their third accomplice, Aslam Gazi, who, police said, is a Goan.De Sa said that in recognition of the appreciative work done by constable Srikant Sudir attached to the Colva police station in arresting the duo, a cash award of 5,000 will be given to him. Other police personnel of the team, including PI Nilesh Rane, will also be rewarded, de Sa added. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16921448", "title": "Bhog is a blessing for all", "text": "JAIPUR: Bhog is an important aspect of Durga Puja. It is considered to be a blessing from goddess Durga. During the four-day long festivity at Bengali clubs, whatever is cooked, is first offered to the Goddess with Bhog Aarti. This makes the food blessed and it is then distributed to everyone.At, Durga Bari, one of the oldest pandal in the city, the preparation of food is done on a grand scale. \"For Asthami and Navami, 500 liters of milk, 1,500 kg of vegetables and 500 kg each of dal and rice have been brought. The organizers have brought in 50 extra people apart from their own volunteers to oversee the bhog distribution,\" said Sudipto Sen, secretary, Jaipur Durga Bari Association.The bhog consists of mouth-watering khichdi, mixed vegetable curry, tomato chutney and payesh (kheer). Manik Das Adhikary, secretary of Agrani Cultural Association said, \"We ensure that everyone who visits the pandal for seeking blessings, receives bhog. It is prepared in bulk but the taste is divine\".His views were choed by S K Sarkar, president of Probasi Bengali Cultural Society. \"The significance of bhog is that everyone sits together and eats the same food irrespective of class and caste. It also means that Goddess Durga showers blessings on everyone equally,\" said Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920847", "title": "Doctors diagnose rare disease caused by mites in woman from Katol", "text": "NAGPUR: Kusum Wankhede, a 45-year-old farm labourer, could have died from the high grade fever she had been suffering for about a week. Luckily, doctors at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) correctly diagnosed the disease afflicting her as scrub typhus, a very rare disease and extremely uncommon in this part of the country.The doctors were able to save her life despite Wankhede being unconscious when she was brought in. They would have missed the disease had they not spotted an 'eschar', a cigarette butt like scar on her breast while performing an ECG.Wankhede would not have survived if the IGGMC doctors had forgotten their text books, or were not vigilant enough, or unaware of the prevalence of this disease in some parts of Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. Now, IGGMC is planning a special camp in her village Kolhu, on the outskirts of a forest area some 20km from Katol in Nagpur district, to check if there are more such patients.\"We had read about this zoonotic disease (transmitted from animals to humans) in our text book, but never seen a patient. Recently, I had read about deaths due to scrub typhus in some parts of the country. When I accidentally noticed the scar on the unconscious patient's breast while conducting her ECG, I decided to check the possibility,\" said Dr Abhijit Nugurwar, a registrar in the ICU of IGGMC.Nugurwar called medicine head Dr Prashant Joshi, who too suspected it to be scrub typhus and immediately sent a blood sample to National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) at New Delhi, the only place where the testing facility is available. \"Until then, we treated her symptoms and tried to rule out other diseases, like dengue, falciparum malaria or encephalitis, which have similar symptoms. But she was negative for all these. She did have pneumonia and meningitis infections with high fever, cough and multiple organ dysfunctions. Finally, the NCDC report confirmed scrub typhus,\" said Dr Joshi.The disease is treatable with simpler antibiotics like doxycycline and azithromycin, but diagnosis is important to start these. Thanking Dr Joshi and Dr Nugurwar for saving her life, Wankhede told TOI that she was very fortunate to have come to IGGMC. She had tried various doctors at Katol and even in Nagpur, but her fever was not subsiding.\"We are really fortunate that my mother has got a new lease of life. We own just 2.5 acre of land. So my mother and father also work as farm labourers to support my education. Had she died, we would have lost an earning hand,\" said Nitesh, her son studying in BA final year.IGGMC is planning a camp at village Kolhu to see if there are more patients suffering from the disease, which is caused by the bite of mites called chiggers. The minute mites transfer the bacteria from their saliva into the body of the person. Scrub typhus has killed many in Rajasthan, Puducherry and Himachal Pradesh in the last few months.Scrub typhusA zoonotic disease (transmitted from animal to man) by a bacterium called as Rickettsia tsutsugamushi, first isolated and identified in 1930 in JapanBacteria carried by small mites called Chiggers or Trombulid mites in their salivary glandsThese mites are found mainly in forest shrubs, sometimes in urban shrubs and grassesOn entering human body it takes about 10-12 days incubation before showing signs of diseaseOccurs generally at the end of rainy seasonScrub typhus is endemic from northern Japan and far-eastern Russia in the north, to the territories around the Solomon Sea into northern Australia in the south, and to Pakistan and Afghanistan in the westSigns &amp; SymptomsInfection results in very high grade fever, very low platelet (blood cells responsible for clotting of blood) count, disturbance in functioning of major organs like liver, lungs, kidney etc, and altered consciousnessCan mimic other complicated disease like dengue, falciparum malaria, Japanese encephalitis , meningitis etcClinical signs besides fever, chills, cough, headache and gastrointestinal problems include eschar (or cigarette butt like scar) with reddish black dot and a halo space around itCan be diagnosed through blood tests by presence of IgM antibodies. Test in government labs costs about Rs3000Pneumonia and respiratory failure also signs of diseasePrecautions &amp; preventionDo not walk barefoot on grass, especially in areas near forests or thick shrubsIf any insect bite causes fever, report to doctor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16922772", "title": "Govt scraps Mumbai Hockey Association lease, to take over Churchgate hockey ground", "text": "MUMBAI: The state is set to take over the 2.19-lakh-sq-ft hockey ground in Churchgate, leased to the Mumbai Hockey Association (MHA), after revoking the agreement.Confirming the government's decision, deputy sports director N B Mote said he had written to the city collector\u2014the competent authority in the matter\u2014to take immediate physical possession of the land. Only 1,880 sq ft of MHA land leased to the Mumbai Cricket Association will not be taken over by the state, he added. The association retorted by saying it would move court soon to obtain a stay on the government's decision.The reasons cited by the sports department for revoking the lease agreement include not promoting hockey, using the land for commercial purposes (such as letting out for marriages) and not granting membership to Olympians and Arjuna/Shiv Chhatrapati awardees. The government would now develop the ground and create facilities for the game, said officials.While a government resolution was issued last week in this regard, the decision to cancel the lease was taken in July at a meeting called by then deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. Several hockey players reportedly complained about the MHA management and how it \"treated the sports body as its personal fiefdom\". The state then decided to scrap the leaseThe ground has been mired in controversy since 2003, when its 35-year lease expired. \"In those 35 years, we received numerous complaints from citizens and players about the violation of lease conditions, government sanction not being sought for repair of the stadium and building, refusal to reply to government queries, etc. In 2004, when they sought renewal of the lease, the government decided not to grant it,\" an official said.The MHA, earlier known as the Bombay Hockey Association, raised the matter before the competent authority who ruled in favour of the government. The association then challenged it before the sessions court, but lost there, too. In 2008, the MHA moved the high court against the order.During the same period, the MHA again appealed to the government to renew the lease. It promised to abide by the lease conditions and also withdraw the case in the HC. Vilasrao Deshmukh, who was the chief minister at that time, allowed a new lease to be signed for 15 years with fresh conditions and with retrospective effect from 2004. However, the MHA is yet to sign the agreement as it wants a 32-year lease.The MHA withdrew the case against the state in 2009, but filed a fresh plea owing to internal differences. This was dismissed by the court in 2010.In June 2011, a meeting was called by CM Prithviraj Chavan and it was again decided that there would be no change in the terms and conditions specified in 2008. In July this year, Pawar called a meeting to discuss the contentious issues.Reacting to the government's decision, MHA honorary secretary Ram Singh Rathore said: \"We are in a state of shock, but we will move court at the earliest and are confident of obtaining a stay order. The authorities have alleged that we are not conducting matches and not giving membership to Olympians and former players. Both claims are untrue. We do lease out our facility, but that is purely to generate funds to run the show here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921344", "title": "'Boycott rickshaws, cabs on October 31'", "text": "MUMBAI: Supporting NGO Acharya Atre Katta the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat has decided to boycott autos and taxis on October 31.\"We will appeal to all consumer groups, activists and NGOs to spread the word and urge people not to board autos and taxis that day,\" said MGP's Varsha Raut. On October 31, the high court will also hear the PIL filed by MGP against the rise in fares. Chief organizer of the \"No Auto Taxi Day\" Rajesh Gade said, \"Commuters have had enough of fleecing. We want to hit back by boycotting autos and taxis for a day.\" I appeal to all Mumbaikars to join us in this campaign.\"On Monday, Raut quit the technical committee set up by the transport commissioner mainly to look into recalibration of meters, distribution of tariff cards and suggest ways to tackle complaints, as she found the working of the panel an \"eyewash\". \"Such committees will not solve consumers' problems. as the members will take a long time to redress the grievances.Our demand for withdrawal of the increased fares will go unheard,\" she told TOI minutes after submitting her resignation. \"Since I contested the Hakeem Committee recommendations and the fare rise, there is no question of me being linked with the committee anymore.\"Consumer activists also plan to move court this week to demand the withdrawal of the increased fares. The state is apparently also under pressure from them to form an experts' panel to review the rates. They will also produce more evidence in court against errant auto drivers.Shirish Deshpande of MGP said it was high time the court was apprised of the \"repercussions\" of the fare hike. On Saturday, He also met transport commissioner V N More on Saturday and told him how commuters were being fleeced daily.He is also likely to ask the government to remove the 'waiting charges', which often leads to a disparity in the auto fares. Another activist said that commuters should not be made to pay for the traffic snarls and bad road conditions which lead to waiting charges. The auto unions are, however, opposed to this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16925567", "title": "CM tableaux share space with idols in Navratri pandals", "text": "BHOPAL: Take it as a PR exercise for the next year's elections or simply an indication of his popularity, tableaux of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan have also been installed at Durga pandals in the city during the Navratri festivities this year.At one place near Katju hospital on Bhadbhada road, he has been shown delivering a speech, the tableau showing government schemes also displayed the Ladli Laxmi yojana, beti bachao abhiyan and distribution of cycles to school girls among others. Government publicity material is also on display at the tableau.At regular intervals, speeches of the chief minister are also played through loudspeakers in the evening for the crowd comprising a large number of rural folk from neighbouring villages.The Durga tableau at 7 No. bus stop displays Chouhan flying in a chopper with MP shasan dwara (by the state government) written on it. The tableau shows the chopper going up and down. Here also government schemes are on display. Besides, Chouhan's speeches are also played where he talks about his schemes.Prakash Mande, member of the Vyapari Sangh Durga Utsav Samiti at 7 No. bus stop tableau claimed that displaying the government schemes was an idea of the organisers. \"Last year, Shivraj had come to the Devi Jagrata and had delivered a speech too. We have been playing the same speech regularly at the tableau,\"he explained.\"None of us belong to the BJP\", he hastened to add while pointing to other organizers\".When pointed out to a government spokesman, he finds nothing wrong in this. \"This is definitely not an issue of mixing politics with religion. At most, one can say that the government policies are being propagated during the festivities,\" he explained.And yes, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh had used the festivities at Durga and Ganesha pandals effectively in places like Jhabua and Alirajpur in the past to make inroads in the tribal regions. They would sponsor the Ganesha and Durga pandals in the tribal belt with the organizational flag fluttering atop to attract the tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16924944", "title": "RTI questions more LPG subsidy in Congress-ruled states", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Social activist and former corporator Kamlesh Singh has filed an RTI application seeking to know the rationale behind the largesse being extended to Congress ruled states which will give subsidy on nine LPG cylinders against subsidy on six cylinders in non-Congress states.Singh has questioned whether there is dual citizenship in India or residents of the Congress-ruled states are the only citizens of India. If not, then why this discrimination in subsidy, Singh has asked.The government has specified that the subsidy on LPG cylinders would be given to the consumers in their bank account at the end of the year. However, Singh has questioned whether the government would provide interest on the subsidy money to the general consumers.The RTI also seeks to know since there is no mention of dual citizenship in the Constitution, does extending favour to the citizens of one state at the expense of another citizen of the state amount to violation of the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16925443", "title": "Tibetan refugee recalls horrors of India-China war", "text": "RANCHI: Five decades on, a havildar of Tibetan Army who fought the war against China in 1962 still gets chill in the spine while narrating the experience of the gunfight and how he saw his colleagues getting killed.Gyatso (78) along with his family is leading the life of a refugee for more than five decades and was in Ranchi with his elder daughter to put up a shop at Potala Market, a market of winter wear that comes up every year in the city. More than 200 Tibetans, most of whom are living in Himachal Pradesh, come here to put up their stalls in the market at Town Hall.Narrating the horror of the war, he said, \"I was a young man and was living in Himachal Pradesh after Chinese army invaded my country (Tibet) in 1950. In 1958-59, the Indian government accepted us as refugees. When we came to know about the India-China war we jumped into it and put all our efforts to win the battle.\" In the war against China, he was just a jawan.\"Around 500 Tibetans crossed the borders with our weapons. Each day came with a tale of horror. A number of Tibetans were killed in front of me and many were taken as prisoners. Every second appeared to be last moment of life. Bullets flew past me and killed a colleague, my heart sank. The very next moment we collected courage and resumed the fight,\" Gyatso recalled.However, the plight of Gyatso did not end with the war as India lost it. All the Tibetans once again returned to Himachal Pradesh. From there he moved to Sarguja in Madhya Pradesh.\"Since then, we are leading a life in exile and somehow manage to earn to sustain the family,\" said Gyatso.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16923758", "title": "Swiss song dropped from Yash Chopra's JTHJ", "text": "The film was to mark his return to direction after a gap of eight long years. However, little did Yash Chopra imagine he wouldn't live to see the day Jab Tak Hai Jaan hit the theatres.Then again, the legendary director had finished shooting the entire film, save for one last song. The eternal romantic was to capture the soft love-infused number in the Swiss Alps, a staple of majority of his films.However, destiny had other plans and Chopra fell ill and had to be admitted to the Lilavati Hospital, where he was diagnosed with dengue.Needless to say, the filming of the song was postponed. The official announcement at the time was the song, scheduled to be shot in Switzerland in the last week of October, would be shot 'later'. But following the demise of the veteran filmmaker on Sunday evening after he succumbed to multi-organ failure, we now hear the song won't be shot at all.A reliable source told TOI, \"No one wants to touch a single frame of the film. Jab Tak Hai Jaan has acquired a new significance now. Agreed that even earlier Aditya Chopra was overseeing the romantic portions of the film. And in all probability, he would've accompanied his father to Switzerland where the song was to be shot. But now with Yashji gone, adding anything in his absence will be inappropriate.\"The source added, \"Without Yashji's presence, adding anything to Jab Tak Hai Jaan would amount to tampering with his vision. Besides the film's release is just less than a month away. So there is practically no time left.\" While it's early days to comment on how the death of its master creator will impact Jab Tak Hai Jaan , we hear the entire profile of the film's marketing will change. Said the source, \"Also the three stars of the film Shah Rukh Khan , Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma will definitely put their heads together to ensure that the film proves to be a fitting tribute to Yash Chopra.\" YRF spokesperson remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "16925283", "title": "Businessman kin's driver held for looting", "text": "UJJAIN: The GRP police on Monday nabbed three youths in Bercha for looting a bag of a Jabalpur-based businessman Manmohan Maheshwari. The bag contained Rs 13 lakh. The loot was planned by the driver of Maheshwari's relative Rajendra Kothari.Maheshwari, Kothari's brother-in-law, had come to Ujjain on October 16 to finalize a property deal. In the evening, he boarded Narmada Express for Jabalpur. When the train reached Bercha, the accused boarded the train and disappeared with the bag. A few minutes later, when Maheshwari found the bag missing, he informed Kothari and the police, who launched a search.Later, the GRP men at Bercha nabbed the accused from a railway platform in Bercha. On interrogation, the accused revealed that Kothari's driver, Lakhan Khichi, had overheard a conversation between Maheshwari and Kothari. He took note of the amount and the train in which Maheshwari was to travel. Subsequently, he informed his accomplices and hatched a plan.Kothari said Khichi was employed with him for over three years and had carried cash a number of times for him. The police have recovered the amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921940", "title": "Who moved my battleground?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat's urban development minister Nitin Patel won the 2007 election from Kadi, but in 2012 he is searching for a constituency to contest the election.Not just Patel, but former junior home minister Amit Shah - who won the Sarkhej constituency by a margin of 2.46 lakh votes - is also searching for a constituency.The delimitation exercise has changed the boundaries of several constituencies in the state, though the number has remained the same at 182 - about 40 constituencies were deleted and the same number added.Considering the SC and ST population, changes were made in the reserved seats too. In the 2007 election, only 36 seats were reserved after delimitation. The number has now increased to 40. Of these 40, 27 are reserved for ST candidates while 13 are reserved for SC candidates.Earlier, 25 were reserved for ST candidates and 11 for SC candidates. Officials said that many seats which fall under the reserved categories for SC and ST have been changed to general categories and those which were in the general category have come under the reserved bracket. This is a cause of a major headache for both parties as they will have to draw the candidates' list afresh.Officials said that the major change in the delimitation exercise was evident in urban areas. In Ahmedabad, smaller constituencies like Kalupur, Rakhail, Sherkotda, Khadia, Sarkhej, Shahpur and Asarwa were deleted. On the other hand, seats like Danilimda, Amraiwadi, Sanand, Vejalpur, Ghatlodia, and Naranpura were added.The delimitation exercise was taken up keeping in mind the increasing population. The last delimitation exercise had taken place in 1976.As for the seats, the boundaries of 60 out of the total 182 constituencies has been redrawn in Gujarat. So the fortunes of the two main parties in the 2012 assembly elections are likely to be hugely influenced by the delimitation process, which will alter several equations including those relating to caste and political following.These assembly polls will be the first after the delimitation exercise, forcing legislators to reach out to voters in newer segments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922712", "title": "Devotees throng Math, bow before six-year-old Kumari", "text": "LUCKNOW: Monday witnessed six-year-old Ilesha Banerjee being worshipped as the embodiment of Goddess Durga at Ramkrishna Math during the traditional 'Kumari Puja', which is performed on Asthami, the eighth day of Navaratra.President of Sri Ramkrishna Math, Lucknow, Swami Muktinathananda said, \"By worshipping a Kumari, we feel that 'divine Mother' is physically present amongst us. Kumari Puja is an integral part of Durga Puja celebrations. Worshipping an unmarried Brahmin girl (known as Kumari) symbolises worshipping a divine being in the form of human.\" The selection of the girl for Kumari Puja starts almost two months ago. But, her name is not disclosed till the puja is performed. Parents of the selected girl are asked to take special care of her, as she is the one chosen by God. The girl is not allowed to eat non-vegetarian diet and care is taken that she does not feel depressed during the month-long period.As a part of the ritual, the girl draped in traditional silk saree and wearing gold ornaments is made to sit before the idol of Goddess Durga amid chanting of Vedic mantras. She was worshipped in a similar way as the idol of Goddess Durga. The girl returns to her normal life after the 'puja' along with offerings and gifts. The tradition of Kumari Puja is unlike any other being performed in the city. It is believed that Kumari Puja is also practiced at a few puja pandals in the country. The reason as to why it is generally avoided is because of the accurate ritualistic processes that need to be followed, while worshipping the divine form.Unlike other puja pandals, where fashion, festivities and food are star attractions, the mood here is joyous though serious. Srijani Basu who participated in the puja celebrations at the Math said, \"Here the atmosphere is very divine and peaceful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921273", "title": "By Feb, zip from South Bombay to Chembur on Eastern Freeway", "text": "MUMBAI: Motorists can expect a smooth and faster ride from Orange Gate on P D'Mello Road (island city) to Panjrapole via Anik (eastern suburbs) by February next year when four lanes and a tunnel of the Eastern Freeway will be commissioned.\"The freeway will be a game changer as it will provide smooth bypass for vehicular traffic,\" said metropolitan commissioner Rahul Asthana. There are a few exits on this freeway for vehicles, including those at Wadala and Chembur. The Eastern Freeway promises to bypass 28 traffic signals. It starts at the Chhattrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya in Fort and will end on the Eastern Express Highway in Ghatkopar.The freeway is being completed in three phases. The first phase comprises the 12-km-stretch from Fort to Anik via P D'Mello Road, the second covers the 5-km long stretch from Anik to Panjrapole (Shivaji Square) and the third will go from Panjrapole to the Eastern Express Highway in Ghatkopar via Mankhurd. Work on four lanes on Phase 1 and Phase 2 will be completed by February next year.The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) on Monday decided to rationalize charges while leasing out its land to trusts and other bodies. The authority will charge Rs 5.95/square metre per day while leasing out land to government institutions/local authorities and Rs 11.90 per sq metre/day in case of non-government authorities.RESTORING BANGANGA TANKChief minister Prithviraj Chavan has directed MMRDA to take up the restoration work of Banganga tank in south Mumbai. While the project cost is yet to be finalised, MMRDA officials said that efforts will be taken to restore the heritage site and improve the aesthetics.RIDE A MONORAIL NEXT APRILThe MMRDA officials told media on Monday that the Monorail project may be commissioned by mid-April next year.Said joint metropolitan commissioner Ashwini Bhide, \"The work on the V N Purav station may be completed by mid-February while the work on the other station, Fertilizer Colony, is expected to be over by January end. We expect to hand over the project for safety certification by February end. The project may be completed by end of March and latest by mid-April.\"She further stated : \"Three monorail stations are in the advanced stages of completion. The internal fixtures have been done and the exterior work is almost over. There are no more hurdles and impediments to the project and we expect the commissioning by mid-April, 2013,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16920538", "title": "Final US presidential debate: China and Af-Pak, not India, will be focus", "text": "WASHINGTON: When President Obama and Republican challenger meet in Boca Raton , Florida , on Monday night (Tuesday 6.30 a.m IST) for the third and final Presidential debate centering on foreign policy, don't expect India to leap on to the agenda very much \u2014 if at all.The reason for that, in the words of a veteran American official who has worked on the region for years, is that in U.S foreign policy priorities, \"squeaky wheels get the grease.\" In other words, there is no great crisis besetting the United States and India; there is bipartisan consensus among both Democrats and Republicans for good relations with India, and if anything, both sides claim credit for the uptick in ties. Things are running relatively smoothly between Washington DC and New Delhi compared to many other capitals.In contrast, both sides scrap about who is responsible for the deterioration of US ties with Pakistan and who will get tougher on China and Iran . The two camps have also argued bitterly over the death of the U.S ambassador to Libya and three other American personnel in the Benghazi consulate attack, the deteriorating situation in Syria , the tricky relationship with Israel and Palestine , and Iran's pursuit of nuclear weapons.These will be the hot-button issues that are expected to dominate the debate with India likely to be very much on the back-burner, unless it gets sucked into a discussion on global trade , jobs, and the situation in Af-Pak, which is the second of six topics listed for 15-minute segments. \"The Rise of China and Tomorrow's World,\" - another potential India reference point -- is the last segment listed for debate to be moderated by CBS News' Bob Schieffer in a format similar to the first, but sans the podium, and with both candidates seated from across him.In a notional 50-question \"superbowl\" contest run by Foreign Policy magazine inviting questions for the candidates, not one thrown up by some dozen pundits related to India. The nearest one came from Georgetown University's Christine Fair, who asked, \"How will your administration assess the Pakistani threat after 2014 and how will you manage it?\" But the debate moderator Bob Schieffer may not even go there.Various polls have shown that voters are more inclined to trust President Obama on foreign policy issues. But the Benghazi episode that resulted in the death of the U.S envoy, the first violent one in more than three decades in the line of duty, has given Romney camp a stick to beat the Democrats with, although the challenger could not land the knock-out punch in the second debate. In fact, Obama tripped him during the attack by pointing out that he had termed the incident a terrorist attack.Both candidates are expected to be at the top of their game in the final debate with polls showing them in a virtual dead-heat with just two weeks to go for Election Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mandi (himachal pradesh)", "code": "16921020", "title": "Gandhi family fond of Himachal: Sonia Gandhi", "text": "MANDI (Himachal Pradesh): The picturesque Himachal hills renewed their tryst with the Gandhi family here on Monday. In an attempt to uproot the ruling BJP from Himachal Pradesh, Congress president Sonia Gandhi struck an emotional chord with the supporters in the hill state known for its tourist attraction. Addressing a big gathering at the Paddal ground she spoke of how the deceased members of her family harboured \"limitless affection for the state and its culture.\"\"Nehruji, my mother-in-law Indiraji, and my husband Rajivji were all fond of Himachal. They would come and stay here for long days because they loved your hills. It's for them that I seek votes,\" Sonia said. \"I will come to this beautiful quiet state again in the next few days,\" she was heard promising the gathered crowd as she moved around the ground.Daunted by a raft of corruption allegations against her government in the midst of two state polls, a belligerent Congress president lashed out at the Opposition while defending UPA against the graft slur, claiming credit for introducing the Right to Information (RTI) Act in the country. Sonia, who was in HP to boost Congress' campaign in the state's second-largest district Mandi, launched a scathing attack on BJP and defended the UPA's new big bang policies.\"People are talking about rampant corruption. But I ask all of you\u2014who introduced the most potent and famous RTI legislation in our country? It was not the NDA or BJP. We passed the Bill in 2005. That shows our seriousness and commitment to fight corruption,\" she said at her public rally.Looking to wrest the state from the ruling BJP, as it did in Uttarakhand earlier this year, Sonia Gandhi trained her guns at the saffron party for \"sowing seeds of communalism\" and its unreal corruption war.\"BJP is a party of pretentious men. They preach dangerous communalism and talk about issues like corruption,\" she said. \"The Lokpal Bill was passed by us in the Lok Sabha not them. And they say they are fighting against such issues,\" she added.Gandhi, whose government at the Centre has been facing widespread criticism for steep hike in diesel price and limiting subsidized LPG supply, blamed the global economic crisis for the country's woes.\"We import 80% of our oil. Oil prices in the world market have increased sharply in the past four years. But we did not pass on the rise to you. We would have faced a loss through fuel subsidy to Rs 20,000 crore,\" she said.In September, the Congress-led UPA had limited supply of subsidized LPG to 6 cylinders per household in a year. Any requirement above that has to be procured at market rate which is twice the usual Rs 399 price of a subsidized 14.2 kg cylinder.Sonia Gandhi, however, said that she instructed all Congress-ruled states to introduce the policy of offering three more LPG cylinders. \"But no other BJP-ruled state has done this so far,\" she pointed out.She even admitted to her personal interest favouring FDI in multi-retail in the country. \"It hurts me when I see farmers losing their money knowing that the food I love comes from them. It also hurts me when I know that farmers' grains have rotten due to poor storage houses. FDI will remove these troubles,\" she said.BJP promises induction heaters in HPIn an effort to cash in on the Congress government's decision to cap the subsidized cooking gas, BJP on Monday promised free induction cookers to all the families in poll-bound Himachal Pradesh if voted to power.While releasing the party manifesto in Shimla on Monday, HP CM PK Dhumal promised that if returned to power his party would ensure induction cookers to around 16 lakh households so that \"the burden of LPG price hike and reduced subsidy on LPG could be minimized.\"Dhumal said that induction cookers would be a boon to the families in the state where power was quite cheap. Himachal is a power-plus state and residents get electricity at highly-subsidized rates. While the BPL families get power for first 40 units at Rs 0.70 per unit, those above BPL get it for Rs 1 per unit upto 40 units.Power upto 125 units come at a price of Rs 1.10 per unit for above BPL families. \"An induction cooker doesn't use more than 2 units per day. So cost of cooking would not cross Rs 60 per month which is much below than the cost of a cooking gas cylinder the government has fixed,\" said Dhumal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16924128", "title": "TOI announces sharadiya awards", "text": "GUWAHATI: Prizes for the fourth edition of the Sharadiya Shrestha Sanman, a Times of India Group initiative, were distributed on Monday on the occasion of mahaasthami.For its representation of the goddess and her divine entourage on the basis of Ajanta art, the American Colony Sarbajanin Durga Puja Committee bagged the best \"protima\" or idol award. The award for the best overall puja went to Kamakhya Colony Sarbajanin Durga Puja Committee. The Rest Camp Kalibari Durgostav Committee won the best lighting prize and Santipur Sluice Gate Sarbajanin Puja Committee won the prize for the best pandal.It should be noted that this is the fourth edition of the initiative. The event is aimed at instilling a spirit of healthy competition among different puja committees in the city and enhancing the spirit of creativity. This year, the response from the committees has been overwhelming with 24 puja committees being shortlisted in the final list.The judges started visiting all the puja pandals from 3 pm on saptami day. This time, the competition was so tough that by the times the judges arrived at a conclusion, it was already 3am in the morning. The panel comprised noted sculptor and painter Biren Singha, writer Pankaj Thakur and actor Zerifa Wahed. The judgement was done on the same day by the panel by visiting all the shortlisted puja pandals.\"The judging was done on various factors and the criterion included aesthetics, light and shade proportionate, presentation, crowd management and overall management,\" said Thakur.The other categories like judges' choice award, viewers' choice award, safety award and others will be announced post Dashami. This year, too, Topcem cement was the title sponsor for the event. The event was also supported by Hotel Gateway Grandeur, Big FM, Kidveda and Ramdhenu Channel.The awards comprised of the following: best puja (overall) Rs 51, 000, Rs 21, 000 for best lighting , Rs 21, 000 for best pandal, Rs 21, 000 for best idol, Rs 11, 000 for viewers' choice and many other prizes in other recognition in different categories like safety, ambience and judges' choice. The total value of cash prize and trophies is over Rs 2.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922711", "title": "Oldies relive nostalgia, youngsters socialise", "text": "LUCKNOW: Most of the Durga Puja pandals in the city have turned into an 'adda' for the Bengali community, and they have found it as an ideal setting not only to socialise, but also to forge new relationships. Be it the young or the old, it's a perfect occasion where both 'meetings' and 'greetings' takes place. A similar scene was observed at various puja pandals, as the puja celebrations reached the crescendo.Recalling past memories, 80-year-old Sujeet Kumar Bose, said, \"I still cherish the moments of 1938, when Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose visited Bengali Club. Even with hundreds of devotees inside the pandal, I was fortunate enough to catch a glimpse of Netaji. Those days are unforgettable.\"One of the senior most members of the Bengali Club, GC Mitra (85) had tears rolling his cheeks as he recounted early years of his life. \"The puja has gone modern today. It's more pomp and show as compared to previous years. Earlier, even with hundreds of devotees, the puja pandal remained peaceful. But today things have changed. In 1940s, Lucknow had only two places where puja was celebrated. It was live shenai, and circus that got the attention. Today, it is replaced by various dances, drama performed by artists.\"Walking down the memory lane, Gopal Krishna Chakravarty (72) said, \"Earlier, people spent hours rehearsing for various plays that were held at the puja pandals. It was mandatory for one and all to participate. But today, life has changed things. People still come together, share their feelings, enjoy the puja, but it is too short.\"Another theatre freak, Aroop Sanyal (73) recalled, \"My friends and I used to make fun of our near and dear ones who used to commit errors while acting in plays. It was merriment and laughter all the way. Today, we giggle and share past memories.\" Citing an important change in the tradition, SP Mukherjee (72) said that decades back people used to carry the idol of Goddess Durga on their shoulders. \"Things have changed but the feelings are intact. Durga puja is a festival, which binds and unites the entire Bengali community. Even those who live in other cities make sure that they do not miss coming to their homes during puja,\" said Mukherjee.Having fine memories of 2008 Durga Puja, KS Bagchi who found his son-in-law on Shasti said, \"Durga puja celebrations give us the 'perfect time' to find a suitable house for our children. Since, people who come to the puja are mostly known faces, conversing with them becomes easier. In less than two days, everything was fixed. We happily married our daughter Tulika the next year.\"Among the aged, there were adults for whom Durga Puja is turning out be grandeur every year. \"With each passing year, we get to see something unique. Be it a replica of a famous temple or White House or use of LED lights to illuminate the pandal, it's a splendid affair every time,\" said Kanika Das.And why not! If it helps brides get their grooms and vice-versa, it satisfies the old people in narrating their tales of the bygone days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922824", "title": "Spurious ghee seized from govt canteen", "text": "LUCKNOW: The food safety and drug administration department intercepted a consignment of 15,000 kg of spurious ghee from a government canteen in the Bulandshahr's district collectorate office. Delivery of the 'mild fat' product was being made to the canteen on Monday morning, when the food safety officials intercepted the consignment and found multiple violations of the Food Safety and Standards Act.Speaking to TOI, Food Safety Officer, Bulandshahr, SK Pandey, said, \"The FSS Act was being violated on various grounds. While one kg packs were certified by an agency not recognised under FSS Act, the name of the product was not mentioned on the two kg packs.\"Pandey confirmed that the product was seized and samples sent to an undisclosed government laboratory for testing. He also said letter from the district magistrate will be dispatched to the food commissioner, apprising him of the violations. The spurious products were manufactured under the name of 'Tapan Mild Fat', a product that had been seized in raids conducted in Agra last year.This time, Pandey said, the same products were being allegedly manufactured under the brand name of RK Food Industries, which was carrying out its operating from Moradabad's court premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921379", "title": "Debate over loan at BEST meet", "text": "MUMBAI: There was uproar in the BEST committee meeting as it cleared a proposal on Monday to take a five-year loan of Rs 1,600 crore at 12% compound interest from the BMC.While the opposition benches were furious over the BMC charging 12 % interest__something even some of the private banks charge__the ruling Shiv Sena-the BJP said the loan was \"much needed\" and it was a good gesture from the parent body (BMC) to bail out the loss-making undertaking.\"It is for the first time that we are taking such a huge loan from the BMC. But the fact is we need funds to clear our debts,\"said BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta. He said that there were several short-term loans to the tune of Rs 1,900 crore and most of these will be repaid. He said the transport body was keen on reducing the losses, breaking even by next March-end and have a surplus budget in 2013-14. \"Our average rate of interest on loans is 15% and this is 3 % less,\" he said.The proposal will now be forwarded to the BMC and the state government will be asked to give directions in writing.Congress member Ravi Raja, while opposing the interest charges, said, \"It is ridiculous.The BMC calls itself the parent body, but it has done little to waive octroi for our buses or reduce taxes on advertisements, etc. And now, it is charging us interest for the loans.\" I feel the BMC should give us zero interest loan.\"MNS member Kedar Hombalkar said in the seventees, BEST had a surplus amount which was transferred to the municipal fund. Why can't the BMC reciprocate by giving soft loans instead of charging compound interest of 12%?\",he asked.For the first year, we will not have to pay any interest, but from the second year, we will be paying Rs 60 crore every month just as interest,\" he pointed out. While SP member Yakub Memon staged a walkout on the issue, Hombalkar said that there were other sources for BEST to generate additional income and curb losses.Shiv Sena's Sunil Ganacharya said the BMC was giving the loan from its reserve fund and it was appropriate to charge an interest rate. BMC standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale justified the interest rate and said members should be happy that the BMC was offering a helping hand to BEST. Sena's Suhas Samant claimed by taking a loan from BEST and not any other bank, the transport undertaking will save Rs 50 crores per month. He opposed the purchase of 200 new buses as per the state government's directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922939", "title": "Rain Commodities world\u2019s largest producer of petro coke", "text": "HYDERABAD: Instead, the Purdue University educated and primarily US-based Rain Commodities MD seems to prefer restricting his flamboyance to business deals. In 2007, he successfully acquired US-based CII Carbon LLC, making Rain Commodities the world's largest producer of calcined petroleum coke (CPC), a feat that also landed him and his father in the list of India's rupee billionaires published by a business magazine this year.He was also instrumental in turning around the fortunes of the ailing Rain group, which started out with cement manufacturing in 1974 as Tadpatri Cements and was later renamed as Priyadarshini Cements and landed up with BIFR in the early 90s.Today, the Rs 5,620 crore turnover Rain Commodities is not just engaged in the manufacture and sale of calcined petroleum coke (CPC) and manufacture of cement under the Priya brand in AP, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu but also co-generation of energy and trading of fuel grade green petroleum coke.Rain Commodities is the world's largest producer of CPC with a total capacity of 2.49 million tonnes per annum and operates nine coke calcining plants, including seven in the US and one in China and India (Vizag) each. It sells CPC to customers primarily in aluminium , steel and titaniumdioxide industries. In addition to producing CPC, Rain Commodities also produces steam and electricity from waste heat produced by the calcining process that is sold across its facilities' regional power grids.It has four waste heat recovery plants and is in the process of setting up a fifth plant. Rain Commodities also markets cement under the Priya brand in AP, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu and has a total cement capacity of 3.16 mtpa across two cement plants in Kurnool and Nalgonda and one fly ash handling and cement packing facility in Karnataka.It was in February 2011, that the company said it was acquiring Yash Birla groupcontrolled Birla Cement and Industries Limited, which holds certain limestone mining leases in AP, for an undisclosed amount. The shares of Rain Commodities closed 5.44% down at Rs 40.85 a share (face value of Rs 2) on Monday on the Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ) putting the market capitalization of the company at Rs 1,427 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "tezpur", "code": "16924150", "title": "50 yrs on, poor infrastructure still a bane", "text": "TEZPUR: Fifty years after the war with China, the Indian army today is a formidable force in terms of deployment and armament in the eastern sector. At present, it can match the firepower of any other country's army. But poor infrastructure in forward areas, which was a major cause of concern during the 1962 war, is still a stumbling block in operations of the army.The 285-km long Bhalukpong-Tenga-Tawang road, which serves as the Indian army's only single access and lifeline to forward lines on the Chinese border, is still in a deplorable state. It is awaiting clearance from the ministry of forest and environment. This vital road on which transportation of army jawans and weapons is dependent remains cut off in at least half a dozen places during the monsoon and snowfall.Repeated approaches by TOI with army authorities for an interview on the development of infrastructure, specially the road from the headquarters of 4th Corps at Tezpur in Assam to Tawang in Arunachal Pradesh, have met with negative responses. A questionnaire was asked for by the general officer commanding of the 4th Corps, who controls the affairs in the sector. It was then sent for approval to the Eastern Command headquarters and was, in turn, forwarded to the army headquarters in New Delhi. After five days, defence public relations officer Lt-Col SS Phogat told TOI, \"The army does not want to get into any controversy and so it has decided against speaking to the media.\"China continues to make strong claims on Arunachal Pradesh, particularly Tawang, which it calls as southern Tibet. Arunachal Pradesh has 1,200 km of unmanned border with China and another 520 km with Myanmar in the east.Ever since the war, the army has increased its presence in the entire eastern sector by raising two divisions, which will have their headquarters away from the line of actual control (LAC). While the 56th Division will be in Nagaland , the 71st Division is in upper Assam. At present, the LAC is guarded by the lone division, Tenga-based 5th Mountain Division in Arunachal Pradesh, and is the closest to the LAC. There is a brigade at Tawang, which is about 30 km from the border post of Bumla.A source said, \"The idea to raise the two divisions is not aimed against any particular country, but there are lot many other elements. The security review meeting found the requirement of two divisions in this region.\"Apart from the divisions, the Indian army has formally raised the first battalion of Arunachal Pradesh Scouts on the lines of Ladakh scouts. The force, exclusively for Arunachal Pradesh, will have officers from the Assam Regiment and the men will be inhabitants of Arunachal Pradesh.When the Chinese attacked India, the road from Bhalukpong to Sela Pass, the highest point (2810metres), was a fair weather one-tonne road and from Sela to Tawang it was suitable only for jeeps. The entire road was cut on the gradient of slopes of hills and was prone to frequent landslides. The road is just a shade better now. It has been made a fair-weather road with three tonne capacity all the way to Tawang from the foothills of Tezpur. But it is still considered hazardous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16920830", "title": "Freunds rally to down Mumbai Police in MHA league", "text": "MUMBAI: Freunds SC staged a grand recovery to put it across Greater Mumbai Police by romping to a 3-1 win in a Third Division match of the Mumbai Hockey Association League, at the MHAL Stadium, Churchgate.Sohail Arabi struck two goals and Imran Khan got one for the winners, while Samadhan Jadhav scored the lone goal for the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16921630", "title": "People must join the fight against obscurantist tendencies", "text": "This is not the first time we are hearing comments of this kind, but that does not make them any less shocking or unacceptable, particularly when it is our lawmakers who say such things. The desire to dictate to women how they should dress and behave clearly runs deep. This is not just a discomfort with modernity among those whose mindsets remain backward, it is a patriarchal attempt to curb all kinds of freedom for women. While women's organisations clearly will protest every time such a thing happens, it not their fight alone. Everyone who values modern, liberal values must join the fight against such obscurantist tendencies.Related Story  :  Girls with cellphones invite trouble, BSP MP says", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore", "code": "16921076", "title": "Which hockey body will have voting rights in IOA elections?", "text": "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: The ongoing tussle between the Indian Hockey Federation (IHF) and Hockey India (HI) is likely to find a new turf now - the upcoming Indian Olympic Association (IOA) elections.Both parties are keen to vote during the elections, which will be hotly contested for the first time in 16 years.According to senior IHF officials, as per the high court orders, IHF is the game's governing body in India at least till March 2013. IHF was disbanded and replaced with HI by the IOA in 2008.HI has the backing of the game's world body ( FIH), which IOA's constitution considers as the eligibility. With the court later reinstating IHF, the game of hockey is now being run by two federations.In such a scenario, the big question is who is eligible to vote in the November 25 elections. As per the IOA constitution, a national federation is entitled to three votes.Interestingly, both the warring parties attended IOA's special general body meeting held in the Capital on October 18.IHF was represented by its secretary general Ashok Mathur, while Narinder Batra represented HI.Now, if both parties decide to field their members in the elections, IOA has a huge problem at hand.\"The matter is subjudice. It would be improper for us to say at the moment which side is eligible to cast the votes,\" a senior IOA official told TOI.Sources in the know of developments said that in all probability the returning officer of the IOA polls would take the final call.\"It seems unlikely that the returning officer will consider votes from both sides as valid. He will have to give the right to only one party,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920309", "title": "Bangla sculptor's career tarred by brush with law", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bangladeshi sculptor Rashid Ahmed, once renowned for having designed a famous monument of the 1971 Bangladesh liberation struggle, Muktijudhha Smriti Soudha, is currently languishing in Tihar Jail for not having the means to pay a fine of Rs 1.5 lakh. Though the 78-year-old has served more time in prison than his sentence - eight years - the protracted legal battle has left him with no resources to free himself his daughter-in-law Nur Nahar. Ahmed was recently convicted in the case along with Nur with the court sentencing them to seven years in jail and slapping a fine of Rs 1.5 lakh each on the duo. He has already spent seven years and 11 months in jail.The frail artist's shoulders sag in resignation. \"I once had a house in Bangladesh and public recognition. Now, my daughter ekes out a living by giving tuition even as pursues postgraduation, living in a girls' hostel. Aar shob shesh (Everything is gone). I can't pay the fine,\" Rashid said soon after he was convicted in the case he has been fighting for almost eight years.\"Earlier I used to get felicitated and give interviews like a celebrity. Now, I am doing it with handcuffs and as a convict,\" he added bitterly. Though Rashid insists he was implicated in the case - in which he was accused of smuggling fake currency into India from Bangladesh - he does not intend to file an appeal. \"I just want to go home. I have not designed a sculpture for eight years now because of the mental agony. The few years that I have left, I want to spend in my homeland, practising my craft.\"However, Rashid and his daughter-in-law will have to spend 1.5 years more in jail if they fail to pay the fine, Rashid's counsel told TOI. This has come as a blow to the artist, who does not have the resources to secure their release. \"I have had no source of income in the past eight years. My house had to be sold and my savings have been exhausted. I have written to the high court to lower the fine as my daughter-in-law and I have spent extra time in jail. There seems to be no end to this ordeal,\" the once-revered architect and designer said.Rashid hasn't met his family or friends since 2005. \"My daughter met me twice within a span of two months in 2005. After that we only spoke on phone due to financial difficulties. Ever since my arrest, we have been telling each other that I will come home next month. My 24-year-old daughter is my only guardian,\" he said.\"A period of seven/eight years is a long one to change the face of mountains and the course of rivers. They have failed to share the pleasures, pains, and happiness with their families during these years,\" the court said while convicting the duo.His time in jail has been spent in the library, reading history books on Bangladesh and pre-Independence India. He said the jail officials have been kind to him, making allowances for his health - he is the eldest inmate in jail number 1. \"I was an active man, but after my arrest I have developed diabetes, high blood pressure, asthma and heart problems,\" he added sadly. While Rashid has not attempted a sculpture since his arrest, he claimed to have designed a township for a new city in Bangladesh. \"I started work on it in 2007, and sent the plan four months ago to Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Haseena. Despite what I have undergone, my love for my craft remains,\" he said.Rashid has received a number of awards from the Bangladesh government, and sculptures by him are scattered throughout the country. Mukto Bangla, one of the sculptures designed by him, is on display at the Islamic University in Kushtia. In 2005, Priya Ranjan Dasmunsi , then a Union minister, wrote to external affairs minister Natwar Singh, asking him to look into the matter.Times ViewUnfair confinement for Bangla sculptorKeeping the sculptor in prison till he is in a position to pay the fine imposed on him is perhaps not the best way of dealing with this situation. Given the fact that he has already been in jail for almost a year beyond his sentence, it would be best if this additional imprisonment were set off against the amount due and he was released immediately. After all, a year's confinement is surely worth more than just Rs 1.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921147", "title": "Study says women\u2019s property rights have led to more suicides", "text": "MUMBAI: Has the amendment to the Hindu Succession Act, conferring equal rights over property to daughters, shattered the peace at home? A study put together by an American and a Canadian university not only arrives at this conclusion but goes one step further and draws a co-relation between the Act being changed in 2005 and a subsequent rise in suicides.The paper, called 'Suicide and Property Rights in India', co-authored by Siwan Anderson and Garance Genicot from the University of British Columbia and Georgetown University, states that marital conflict has become a major concern and \"greater female autonomy could lead to increased conflict within the household and, in extreme cases, to higher suicide rates among both men and women\". It states unequivocally: \"Improving female property rights have raised both female and male suicides, even more so among the latter.\"The paper's bizarre conclusions have caused a stir in academic circles.Women's organizations are particularly shocked at the narrow, even misogynist, view that improving property rights have raised both female and male suicides.\"This kind of 'research' is damaging and patriarchal,\" says women's rights activist Farida Lambay. \"India, the world must know, is moving towards becoming a more inclusive and equitable society.\"Advocate Flavia Agnes dismisses the study as \"ridiculous\". \"In my 20 years of practice, I have come across brothers fighting with brothers over property but not with sisters,\" she says. \"Such a study is not looking into the details of suicides. Data can be manipulated in any way.\"The authors, on their part, are at pains to clarify that they are not suggesting that gender equality be reduced but that India should learn a thing or two from the accounts of industrialized countries.\"The dire consequence of increased opportunities for women can be mitigated only when societal institutions adjust and there is a greater acceptance of the new gender roles,\" says the study.The two researchers, who developed a statistical model by examining suicide data before and after the amendment to the Hindu Succession Act, conclude: \"(Looking at) the fact that male and female suicides are caused by family problems, and (that) marital disharmony has increased with the amendment, we conjecture that increasing female property rights have increased conflict within households and that this increased conflict has resulted in more suicides among both men and women.\"The paper further states, \"It might be that conflict between brothers and sisters, not husbands and wives, increased as a result of the reforms. This would not change the way we think about this theoretically, as we can use the above framework to model bargaining between a sister and a brother over assets.\"Since 1956, some states have amended the Hindu Succession Act so that both sons and daughters have a right to joint family property (Kerala in 1976; Andhra Pradesh in 1986; Tamil Nadu in 1989; Maharashtra and Karnataka in 1994). The researchers found that their statement held true and the suicide rate among men went up after the Act was amended. In India, average suicide rates are 11 and 7.3 (per 100,000) for men and women respectively.TISS director S Parasuraman, who studied the research paper, says that the study diverts attention from the real causes of suicide. \"This study is not an empirical one which studies the causes of suicide - it merely takes data from various sources, each variable pertaining to a different reference period. Such an analysis is mathematically problematic and the associations can often be spurious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921317", "title": "'Need moratorium on mega projects, processes'", "text": "PUNE: Observing that India's growth is leading to a massive attack on biodiversity, people's rights and livelihoods, more than 20 civil society and community-based organizations have demanded a moratorium on mega projects and processes (including mining, mega dams, power projects and ports) that threaten or undermine the fragile ecosystems and livelihoods dependent on them.The issue was raised at the ongoing convention on biological diversity held in Hyderabad. The organisations attending the convention include Kalpavriksh, Bombay Natural History Society, Bharat Jan Vigyan Jatha, Deccan Development Society, Greenpeace India, National Alliance of Peoples' Movements, National Fishworkers Forum, South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers and People, Vasundhara, All India Forum of Forest Movements, Delhi Forum, Indian Biodiversity Forum, International Collective in Support of Fishworkers Trust, Plachimada Solidarity Committee, Programme for Social Action, Awaaz Foundation, among others.Some of the other demands raised by the groups include a comprehensive and participatory review of economic policies and planning processes, to put biodiversity conservation and peoples' livelihoods based on biodiversity as core values, genuine decentralization of political, financial, and economic governance to gram sabhas and urban ward or area sabhas, empowering communities and citizens to participate in decision-making processes based on the best available knowledge.The organisations have also demanded for strict compliance of legislations, which, to an extent, safeguard the rights of vulnerable communities and require free prior-informed consent of gram sabhas or other relevant community institutions.\"Policies of rapid industrialization and urbanization have damaged millions of hectares of forests, wetlands, rivers, mountains, coasts, marine areas and grasslands, and the lives, cultures and livelihoods of tens of millions of people dependent on such eco-systems,'' they pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922369", "title": "Desh Raj gives musical event in jail a miss, prefers to read", "text": "CHANDIGARH: SP (Chandigarh) Desh Raj Singh, a 2008 batch IPS officer, who was accused of taking bribe gave 'Sargam 2012' (musical programme), a miss, that was held in Burail jail on Monday. He preferred to confine himself to barrack number-10 and did not heed to the requests of jail officials to attend the programme. Desh Raj spent his day reading.Jail inmates showcased their skills at Sargam, an annual event. The programme was chaired by IG (prisons) Alok Kumar and was attended by other senior officials among others.A jail official said, \"Desh Raj and all other inmates lodged in barrack number-10 were asked to attend the musical programme but Desh Raj refused to attend it.\"Around 50 jail inmates participated in the event, showcasing their talent in dancing, singing, poetry, theatre, besides songs written by them. The strumming of a guitar by Israeli convict Leor to the notes of a Hindi song was the main attraction at the event.However, Desh Raj's arrest has also cast its shadow on the upcoming Chandigarh Police Week, which is to start from October 27 to November 3. Police sources said arrangements of celebrating the 'Police Week' have been put on hold since Desh Raj's arrest on October 18.Senior police officials including DGP P K Srivastva and SSP Naunihal Singh have already given Police Commemoration Day parade, at the Home Guards Ground in Sector 17 on October 21, a miss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16923030", "title": "Experts find why being lazy can make you ill", "text": "LONDON: Inactivity can make you fall ill by increasing your blood glucose levels, putting you at a greater risk of diabetes and heart disease, according to a new study. Previous research has shown that people who don't move around much are prone to heart disease and type 2 diabetes but the reason is not known.Researchers from the University of Missouri in the US tried to tease out the precise role of inactivity in causing ill health, The Mirror reported. The team devised a novel approach: they stopped a group of very active people from exercising as usual. The study got them to cut the number of steps they took each day by at least half.The study also found that during those three inactive days, blood glucose levels spiked after every meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16925705", "title": "Properties over Rs 35 crore unearthed from engineer's premises", "text": "BHOPAL: The Special Police Establishment (SPE) of the Lokayukta organisation on Monday raided residential premises of a suspended engineer - R N Karaiya - at Gwalior in a disproportionate assets (DA) case and unearthed properties valued over Rs 35 to 50 crore.A sum of Rs 6.76 lakh in cash, 900 gm gold , 1 kg silver, a SUV, car, 12 bore gun, revolver, Rs 4.56 lakh savings in banks, policies worth Rs 30 lakh, other investments of Rs 5. 5 lakh and documents of residential plots and agricultural land worth Rs 86 lakh were confiscated.The SPE has also stumbled upon his bank lockers and details of the money transaction worth Rs 50 lakh, said sources.\"The property as on purchase date is worth Rs 3 crore, but if compared with the current market rate the rate will go high,\" said G P Singh, Inspector General (IG) SPE.In 2009, Karaiya had hit headlines for allegedly offering a bribe of Rs 5 lakh bribe to the then Public Heath Engineering (PHE) department minister Gaurishankar Bisen, but was acquitted from the charges after the minister failed to identify him in the court. Surprisingly, he was arrested by the TT Nagar police station on the basis of complaint lodged by the minister. He was suspended in May 2009 by Bisen on charges of committing irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924639", "title": "State puts CCTV watch over garbage clearance on hold", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has put on hold its proposal to install surveillance cameras at temporary garbage transfer units and dumping yards in the city.The decision came close on the heels of stiff opposition from some corporators to the ambitious \"mobile governance project\" in which CCTV cameras were installed in different wards to keep a watch on sanitation contractors, who were playing truant.The proposal to keep in place surveillance cameras at the garbage transfer unit near the Sainik School and dump yard in Bhuasuni was mooted by former BMC commissioner Vishal Dev last year in view of complaints against sanitation contractors not lifting garbage regularly.During Dev's tenure, a tender was floated inviting experts to come up with presentations of the project. But his successor Sanjib Kumar Mishra dismissed it saying it would be a waste of money.\"The surveillance camera project has been put on hold. Instead, we will introduce a vehicle tracking system to monitor the movement of vehicles transporting garbage,\" Mishra told TOI.It is pertinent to mention here that the municipal corporation recently made a trial run of a \"vehicle tracking device\" to monitor the movement of vehicles to prevent drivers from shirking duties and pilfering fuel. But it did not pay off because drivers were found tampering with the device.The civic body installed the devices on an experimental basis in six BMC-owned garbage tractors following allegations of mismanagement in fuel consumption. Nearly 200 tractors have been engaged in those wards to lift garbage. While BMC owns only six tractors, the rest have been hired from private parties. BMC spends around Rs 17,000 per month on fuel for each tractor, sources said.The GPS-enabled device can track the movement of vehicles as well as the exact consumption of fuel. The routes for every vehicle have been mapped out.If a vehicle makes an unscheduled halt at any place or plies on undesignated route, it will be immediately notified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16924609", "title": "High drama in Bangladesh for Shabana Azmi", "text": "Shabana Azmi created quite a furore in Bangladesh on Saturday when she reached Dhaka to represent her late father Kaifi Azmi who was being honoured, along with 57 other dignitaries from across the world for their support of Bangaldesh's War Of Liberation in 1971.Shabana who had to be in Dhaka for the function to represent her father had to be back in Mumbai in time for her mother's birthday the same day.She made it very clear to the organizers of the function in Dhaka that she can only be at the function for a few minutes before she had to return to the Dhaka international airport in time for the flight back to Mumbai to reach in time for her mother's birthday.Apparently Bangaldesh's prime minister Sheikh Hasina made sure Shabana made it back to the airport on time. The entire route from the venue of the function to the airport was cleared of traffic and Shabana was personally escorted by a fleet of government vehicles.Confirming the hullaballo that she created on the Dhaka roadways on Saturday Shabana says, \"Yes ,the Prime Minister's office had put the entire machinery on red alert! I left within seconds of receiving the honour on behalf of my father to be back in Mumbai in time for my mum's 84 th birthday...Police escort, lal batti, screaming sirens, fleets of cops to ensure there was no traffic hurdle for me to reach the airport on time. It was crazy. But you know what? I'm glad I was there for this occasion.\"Among the super-icons with a socio-political voice who were honoured in Dhaka were George Harrison and Joan Baez . Shabana was looking forward to meeting Joan whose searing 'Song For Bangladesh' encapsulated the 1971 Bangladesh war of liberation so succinctly . But Joan didn't show up.Says Shabana, \"My Abba along with 57 others were honoured by the government of Bangladesh for their support to the liberation struggle. I was handed over the award by the President and PM of Bangladesh. I wept like a baby.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16926200", "title": "Ludhiana's budding scientists present models at Sahnewal", "text": "LUDHIANA: In the tehsil level science exhibition held at Sahnewal on October 19, various schools of Ludhiana participated with around 150 models and projects. In the exhibition, 10 out of 13 projects presented by Spring Dale Senior Secondary Public School won prizes, while nine were selected for the district level exhibition.Growing enthusiastically in the field of science, Spring Dale's budding scientists have made their way to the district level science exhibition with nine models selected to be presented there.The school grabbed five first prizes on the sub themes \u2014 health and environment, transportation, natural resources and conservation, geometrical garden and vedic maths; four second prizes on the sub themes \u2014 industry, natural resources and conservation and information and education technology; one third prize on the sub theme \u2014 transportation. The students were awarded with trophies and certificates by Varinder Kaur, district science supervisor Ludhiana.Managing director of the school, Avinash Kaur Walia congratulated the students and motivated them to keep working on new ideas and innovations. Celebrating the win, chairman S Nirmal Singh Walia, director Mandeep Singh, principal Sandeep Raikhi, headmistress Kamalpreet Kaur and the staff members also applauded the efforts of the students and motivated them to keep contributing to the society with their beneficial future projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16922667", "title": "Rural job scheme fails to create sustainable assets: Ombudsman", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a highly critical report on the functioning of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) in the district, the ombudsman for the project has said that the majority of the works under the scheme were just namesake projects without any intrinsic worth and muster roll manipulations were taking place in some grama panchayats.Raising serious doubts about the long term social benefits of the project, the ombudsman has submitted a report to the chief secretary and district collector.Ombudsman for NREGS P K Kunhiraman told TOI that though the project had served to put crores of rupees in the hands of the poor through wage payments, it has failed in its objective to create sustainable assets as envisaged under the UPA government's flagship programme.\"Over 90% of the works taken up by the panchayats in the district are just namesake projects which do not come under the category of sustainable assets. The works are being carried out without any planning or foresight and seriously lacked in terms of quality,\" he said.The district had received funds to the tune of Rs 39 crore for the programme during the year 2011-12 and the works were being carried out mainly in the areas of land development, flood control, road connectivity, water conservation etc.The field visits conducted by the ombudsman has also exposed manipulation of muster roll in some grama panchayats to swindle money from the project. The report notes that, \"elected representatives of grama panchayats, with the help of mates manipulate muster rolls in a few panchayats.\"It also calls for keeping the muster roll in the safe custody of the panchayat secretary or any other responsible staff after the work to prevent muster roll manipulation. The ombudsman said he found attendance was not being marked properly in the muster rolls in some panchayats during inspections.Meanwhile, officials of the NREGA cell in the district said that the programme was being implemented based on the central and state level guidelines issued from time to time which had addressed the issues of creating sustainable assets and improve the quality of works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921078", "title": "Students learn 'swim and survive' tactics", "text": "PUNE: Over 20 students from Lokseva School in Pashan have learnt to swim the safer way. Besides mastering various strokes, they have also learnt survival tactics to follow in dangerous situations.On Monday, the students were awarded certificates on completion of the 20-day course. The 'swim and survive' programme is conducted by city-based Rashtriya Life Saving Society (RLSS), which has tied up with five schools that teach students the minimum skills needed to survive an unexpected fall into deep waters. The Lokseva School has attached itself with the Symphony Club swimming pool for training their students for this programme.Rear Admiral P D Sharma, founder president RLSS, said, \"India has lost too many lives due to drowning. We have launched this initiative that seeks to increase the skills of children and prevent drowning and increase their participation in safe aquatic activities.\"Besides Lokseva School, students from the Sea Cadet Corps in Vimannagar, Mahadji Shinde Primary School, Canterberry School and RIMS International, all in Wanowrie, have been undergoing the training programme.Nivedita Mandkaikar, director, Lokseva School, said, \"This is a very good initiative by RLSS. We have introduced this course from the pre-primary level so that students know the safety aspects right from the beginning.\"The swim and survive programme is conducted at two levels - Himmat for children between three and five years of age and Josh, for children between 5 and 14 years of age. At the first level, children are familiarised with water, swimming skills, building confidence and developing new skills. In the second level programme, the focus is on developing the foundation and later building endurance.Sharma said, \"Children are taught every stroke of swimming. Every stroke of survival in the programme has been designed especially for children. By the end of both the courses, children will know the dangers in water, be it a lake, river or beach.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16926714", "title": "Durga Puja: Ghats yet to be cleaned for immersion", "text": "VARANASI: The immersion of Goddess Durga idols in the holy river will start from Wednesday and the ghats along its banks are still loaded with silt and mud.Silt and clay, mixed with organic waste and leaves, brought by floodwater in the Ganga during the rainy season can be seen accumulated on the ghats. The condition is worst near southern ghats, which witness heavy accumulation of silt and mud every year. The exercise to remove silt was evident at limited sites like Asi ghat.Officials of Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) have claimed that the silt would be removed from the ghats before the beginning of International Buddhist Conclave in September. However, a visit to ghats on Monday revealed that some of the ghats known for religious rituals such as Asi ghat, Sheetla ghat, Tulsi ghat, Panchganga ghat, Marnikarnika and Harishchandra ghat are still not free from silt and mud.VMC does not have manual and material resources to complete the task. Municipal commissioner RP Singh said: \"We float tenders to give contract to remove silt and mud from ghat after the rainy season. Contractors engage their workers and equipment to complete the task. This time less mud had accumulated on the ghats as compared to last year. Major ghats like Dashaswamedh ghat, Rajendra Prasad ghat, Panchganga ghats, Sheetla ghat have already been cleaned. As far as murtivisarjan is concerned, silt will be removed from a few more ghats near southern region.\"The arrival of tourists had already increased, keeping in view the festive season and favourable climatic conditions for foreign tourists. Deputy director, UP Tourism, Avinash Mishra said that no negative feedbacks are received from the tourists regarding the condition of ghats. \"I have visited a few ghats in last two to three days and witnessed that conditions are not favourable for tourists and public due to slippery conditions. We have requested the VMC to chalk out an effective plan to complete the task,\" Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16921233", "title": "Jat organisations differ over quota stir issue", "text": "ROHTAK: Differences have surfaced in the Sarv Khap Jat Mahapanchayat (SKJM) \u2014 which is spearheading the agitation demanding reservation for Jats in Central and state government jobs and educational institutes and has announced to resume anti-government stir from December 16 \u2014 as the All India Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS) has decided to pursue its own course of action on the issue.AIJASS state president Hawa Singh Sangwan stated that they were holding a meeting in Rothak on October 28 to prepare their strategy in this regard. SKJM convener Kuldeep Dhanda however denied having any information about Rohtak meeting and stated that khaps were unanimous on the deadline set for fulfillment of quota demand. Khaps dominating in old Rothak region \u2014 comprising Rothak, Jhajjar and Sonipat districts -- have been given the task of launching the stir after December 15, he added.However, Sangwan, who claimed support of many khaps in the region, stated that they had not set any deadline. \"The samiti is still making efforts towards fulfillment of the demand. We have not set any deadline for the government on the demand\", Sangwan said, adding that they had not given anything in writing as demanded by SKJM in its recent meeting in Danoda village of Jind.He clarified that the samiti had been cooperating with the mahapanchayat and would also extend support to their agitation. But he was optimistic about the state government stand with regard to their demand. \"The backward commission set up by the state government is working on our demand. Meetings have been going on between the commission and the state government and a solution is likely to be finanlised soon\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16921488", "title": "3 districts of Madhya Pradesh key points of arms supply", "text": "JAIPUR: A probe into all big ammunition hauls recently suggests that three Madhya Pradesh districts - Dhar, Khargone and Ujjain - have emerged as a major source of arms supply into Rajasthan.In two seizures by the special operations group (SOG) in August and one each by Kota police and government railway police (GRP) in October has led the probe agencies to believe that the local gangs are getting arms supply through a new breed of weapon couriers from the neighboring state. In these investigations, police claim to have identified the source of supply, but the destination where delivery was to be given still eludes them.IG, Kota Range, Amrit Kalash told TOI: \"A huge chain of smugglers is involved in arms supply rackets. After we arrested three men with 58 guns and about 175 cartridges on October 14, we took them on police custody for interrogation. We have come to know several new aspects associated with the trade.\"The officer said that these three men were couriers. \"They were supplying arms from Madhya Pradesh. Where the arms were to be delivered in this case is not known yet, but the trio has been involved in arms supply in the past too. They have said that they delivered arms to one Shivraj Choudhary. However, we are checking this man's credentials,\" said the officer.The officer added that some areas Dhar, Nagda and Ujjain have become an easy source of arms supply. \"We have started hold regular meetings with our counterpart in MP to deal with the menace,\" said the officer.The SOG had also arrested two men Salim Khan and Harkesh Meena from Karauli and Sawai Madhopur districts respectively and recovered 24 pistols, bullets, magazines and silencers from their possession in August.DIG, special operations group (SOG) Vishal Bansal said, \"During interrogation with these men, it came up that the arms were being supplied from Khargone district in Madhya Pradesh. We have identified some men involved in the illegal arms supply and teams are on their trail.\"Likewise, the government railway police (GRP) arrested a man, Rajesh alias Mangilal, for illegally possessing 250 cartridges when he was boarding the Amritsar-Mumbai train from the Gangapur City railway station in Sawai Madhopur district on October 11.Deputy superintendent of police, GRP Vineeta Vijayvargiya who is probing the case said that a team was rushed to Gadhvani village in Dhar district. \"We came to know that arms manufacturing happens there in almost every household. We arrested a man Vishal Jain who had supplied the arms to Rajesh. Vishal was also a courier who had got supply from one Sudhan alias Ballu who is on the run. We believe that Ballu is also a courier. It is a huge chain,\" said Vijayvargiya.Between these occasional seizers by the police, a huge supply of arms is suspected to be going unnoticed which poses a major law and order threat in Rajasthan.Recent Arms SeizuresOct 14: Kota police arrested three men from a Rajasthan Roadways bus and seized 58 guns and 175 cartridges from their possession.Oct 11: GRP arrested a man from the Amritsar-Mumbai train at Gangapur City railway station in Sawai Madhopur district.Aug 28: SOG arrested two men from Karauli and Sawai Madhopur and seized 24 pistols, bullets, magazines and silencers from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16921239", "title": "Doors will be shut on rebels for ever: Shanta Kumar", "text": "SHIMLA: BJP vice-president Shanta Kumar on Monday warned party rebels that the party's doors would be shut for them for ever if they contest against official candidates in coming assembly elections in Himachal Pradesh.The former chief minister, who was here for the release of party manifesto, said, \"I have personally appealed to rebels thrice to withdraw but they refused and now action would be taken against them.... These leaders, who have remained MLAs five or six times, have betrayed the party and I would tell the people to teach a lesson by defeating them in the polls,\" he added.Observing that \"political pollution\" has affected BJP also, he said there were thousands of workers who have worked for the party for fifty years and never asked for anything but a new class of leader was emerging which was not willing to give the claim for party ticket and going to the extent of \"revolting\" against the party in case of denial of ticket.Meanwhile the AICC general secretary and election in-charge Himachal Pradesh Chaudhary Birender Singh, expressed surprise over the statement of Shanta that Prem Kumar Dhumal will become the chief minister for the third time, saying, \"It's simply a marriage of convenience\".Chaudhary said it was Shanta, who had during the past five years of the BJP government, openly criticized Dhumal and his MP-son Anurag Thakur over alleged corruption, illegal purchase of land and assets and their style of functioning but \"surprisingly, the man who is known for his ideology, principles, discipline and political decency has surrendered himself\", he said.\"It's simply an endorsement of corruption and the new-found patch up has exposed the credibility of Kumar,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16922169", "title": "TiEcon Kerala from October 25", "text": "KOCHI: Local entrepreneurs will get to interact with successful businessmen, leading angel investors and venture capitalists at TiEcon Kerala 2012, to be held over two days at Le Meridien Convention Centre here from October 25.Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the event. TiE Global chairman Ashok Rao will deliver the keynote address at the inaugural function, to be presided by TiE Kerala president John K Paul. TiE Global founder chairman Kanwal Rekhi, industries additional chief secretary V Somasundaran, SBT managing director P Nanda Kumaran, TiE Kerala vice-president A V George and programme committee chairman S R Nair will also attend the function.Mentor of state Sam Pitroda will address delegates in a video conference on the inaugural day. \"The entrepreneurship initiatives witnessing across Kerala in recent years and the increasing pro-active role of successive governments in promoting private enterprise have prompted TiE Kerala to organise the event,\" Paul said.The conference, to be attended by nearly 1,000 delegates, will have over 20 %sessions in four tracks, focusing on entrepreneurship, services, manufacturing and mentoring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922324", "title": "Congmen behind Anekal protest, says mayor", "text": "BANGALORE: Claiming that 34% of Bangalore's garbage is being segregated as per the new norms, mayor H Venkatesh Murthy on Monday alleged that some Congress leaders were behind Sunday's protests at S Bhangipura in Anekal taluk, where garbage trucks were stoned by mobs and a driver was injured.\"The land belongs to BBMP. But some people who are squatting on the land, and others who are carrying out illegal quarrying, are behind the protest,\" he told a press conference.On the Mandur landfill, he said Rs 8 crore would be spent on works initiated to improve the 29 roads in and around the village.He said dumping at Mavallipura landfill will resume only if the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) gives its clearance.Vaman Acharya, chairman, KSPCB, who was present at the press conference, later said he had conducted a spot inspection of Mavallipura landfill and wants an assurance from the civic body by way of a definite plan on how to move ahead.DECLARE EMERGENCY: OPPNMK Gunashekar, leader of the opposition in the BBMP council, has called for the intervention of the state government in BBMP's affairs.\"The state government should intervene by invoking Section 93 of the KMC Act and save the citizenry of Bangalore and protect their right to have a better environment by declaring the situation as an emergency,\" he told reporters here on Monday.Sec 93 of the KMC Act empowers the state government to declare an emergency in case the government is of the opinion that the stoppage or cessation by any urban local body of any essential service is prejudicial to the safety or health of the community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16925410", "title": "Ranchi commuters grapple with car curbs", "text": "RANCHI: As the pandal hopping started, entry of vehicles on the main thoroughfares of the city has been restricted from afternoon to late at night for three days to ensure easy movement of traffic. But the arrangement has brought trouble for many forcing them to cancel their plan.\"We planned to visit my mother-in-law who lives at the other end of town during the puja vacation. We went half way in car but found that entry of vehicles was restricted from in most of the roads, so we took a u-turn and went back home,\" said Adarsh Verma, a government employee.Similarly, Pankaj Gupta wanted to take his old mother to some pandals in the evening but could not. Instead, he had to take her late at night. He said, \"I tried taking my mother around 8pm but as I was not able to take the car to many places and my mother is also not in the condition to walk much, so I took her out at 3am as the cars are permitted to go near pandals at that time.\"The pandal hoppers also had to walk quite a lot to visit pandals. \"We had to park our car in the parking space and had to walk almost three kilometers up and down to visit two pandals,\" said Rashmi Sinha, a housewife, who was pandal hopping with her husband and children.Traffic SP Chandra Shekhar Prasad said the parking arrangements had been made at the nearest possible place of a pandal. \"We cannot allow cars everywhere as it will pose a huge problem to manage the traffic also for those who visit pandals on foot.\"Describing the locations of various parking spaces allotted during pujas, Prasad said, \"Sainik Market, Survey Ground, Kishorgunj cowshed, land outside Judge Colony, New Market tempo stand, a petrol pump between Piska Mod and Ratu Road, Patel Chowk, GEL Church complex, Zakir Hussain Park, Plaza Cinema, Kokar ground, land near Ranchi Lake Road, Zila school and area from Dangratoli to Sarjana Chowk have been identified for parking. If a person parks his vehicle at any of these places, he can visit 2-3 pandals nearby.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16922720", "title": "Cops seek help to ascertain cause of fire at flower shop", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have sought the help from the electrical inspectorate to find out the cause of the fire that destryed the flower shop owned by CPM local committee member Padayamkandy Raveendran, an accused in the T P Chandrasekharan murder case.Fire broke out at the flower shop in Orkkatteri town on Sunday night.The security staff in the nearby building saw smoke coming out of the shop at around 10pm and informed the fire and rescue team.The estimated loss from the fire has been pegged at Rs 1 lakh.Raveendran was among the first to be arrested in the Chandrasekharan murder case. According to the police charge sheet the conspiracy to kill the Onchiyam RMP leader was hatched at the shop.Raveendran was allegedly deputed by the party to help the assassins identify Chandrasekharan.The CPM observed a hartal in Orkkatteri on Monday, blaming the RMP workers for the incident. But the RMP said the CPM was trying to destroy the evidence in the murder case, as the shop had figured in the chargesheet.However, police said the exact cause of the fire can be established only after a detailed scientific investigation.The incident would not affect the conduct of the case, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16923805", "title": "Bhansali and KJo back to being friends?", "text": "Not many people know filmmakers Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Karan Johar have always made it a point to watch each other's films, come what may.And while this may not be a big deal for Karan who watches a majority of new releases, for Sanjay, who hardly ever watches movies, making the trip to a suburban theatre to see Karan's latest film was no mean feat.On Saturday afternoon, a day after Karan's Student of the Year hit theatres, onlookers at this multiplex were surprised to see Sanjay and Karan, directors who've otherwise never missed an opportunity to take pot shots at each other, greet and hug each other warmly.Apparently, Sanjay was there at the multiplex to catch a show of SOTY . And Karan was theatre-hopping the same day to check out the audience' response to his film.An eyewitness told TOI, \"Karan was very touched to see the reclusive Sanjay at the theatre watching his film. They met very warmly and spoke about Student of the Year.\"Incidentally, the last time Sanjay went to see a movie in a theatre was Imtiaz Ali's Rockstar .That the two filmmakers don't share a very cordial relationship hasn't exactly been a secret. Earlier, faced with the prospect of bumping into Karan, who was the chief guest at his sister Bela Sehgal's poster launch of Shirin Farhad Ki Nikal Padi , Sanjay gave the event a miss. At the time, Sanjay had maintained he never puts in more than one appearance for any of his films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922343", "title": "Nims staff can't strike work for 6 months", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government has issued a GO prohibiting employees of Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) from going on strike for a period of six months.GO 1562 issued on Saturday declares the services under Nims as essential services and was followed by a notification stating that the the services under Nims, Punjagutta, were essential service under the AP Essential Services Maintenance Act, 1971.tnn \"For public interest, it is necessary and expedient to prohibit strikes in Nims for a period of six months with immediate effect,\" the order said.Observers say the state government has been issuing these orders with regard to Nims alone. \"Government is not bothered about hospitals like Gandhi and Osmania,\" said a senior government doctor.Incidentally, this GO has been issued every six months by the state government since 2009.The first such order was issued after a one-and-a-half month long strike during January and February 2009 that had crippled the healthcare services at the premier teaching hospital. Senior doctors say that by doing so, the management is reminding the workers that they cannot go on strike during the stated period. \"However, it doesn't serve any purpose,\" said a doctor citing the recent strike when Class IV employees boycotted duties. The strike was called off two days later when their demands for a wage hike was met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "faizabad/lucknow", "code": "16922714", "title": "Three idols stolen from Faizabad temple recovered", "text": "FAIZABAD/LUCKNOW: Authorities in Faizabad heaved a sigh of relief on Monday with the recovery of the idol of Maa Devkali and arrest of four members of an international antique smugglers' syndicate. The idol was stolen from the Bari Devkali Mandir of the Temple City during the intervening night of September 21 and 22. The gang members were in talks with a Nepal-based syndicate of antique smugglers to sell them the idol, along with two others, for Rs 18 crore.The theft had triggered sustained protests in the city since the Devkaali Mandir happens to be one of the most visited temples of the city, devotees flocking from not only Uttar Pradesh but other parts of the country as well. Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Member of Parliament (MP) from Gorakhpur Yogi Adityanath too had visited the temple after the incident and threatened to launch a major agitation if police failed to trace the thieves and recover the stolen idol. Local units of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and BJP also launched a month-long agitation which threatened to stoke communal tension in the highly sensitive twin districts of Ayodhya and Faizabad. A delegation from Faizabad met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in Lucknow demanding immediate recovery of the idol.Senior superintendent of police (SSP) Faizabad Ramit Sharma, said the theft had come as a major challenge to the police. \"The idol was one of the most important ones in Faizabad and the temple is ancient, hence the pressure to recover the idol was immense,\" Sharma said talking to TOI. Immediately after the incident came to light, senior officials, including deputy inspector general of police (DIG) Faizabad Range rushed to the site and visited the scene of crime.The field units of the police were pressed into service immediately and borders of the district were sealed to scan all vehicles leaving Faizabad, but all in vain.Police top brass in Lucknow took serious note of the incident too. Following directives from the chief minister, additional director general (ADG) crime Jagmohan Yadav directed Faizabad police to ensure speedy recovery of the idol. As a result, half a dozen special teams were formed under the superintendent of police (SP) City SS Baghel to track the burglars. The team fanned out to a dozen other districts of the state including Lucknow, Kanpur, Ambedkar Nagar, Jaunpur, Azamgarh, Barabanki and Sultanpur. After sustained gathering of criminal intelligence from these districts, police shortlisted half a dozen gangs of idols thieves and launched a manhunt to track them one by one.After physical verification of the gang members, police shortlisted two groups that could not be accounted for and launched a massive manhunt for the accused. The efforts paid when the police got a tip-off that one of the two gangs, which has its base in Kanpur, was on its way to hand over a set of three precious idols stolen from different parts of the state to a Nepal-based syndicate of international smugglers dealing in antiques. Once cell phone numbers of the gang members were obtained, they were taken under surveillance with the help of a team of IT experts. Finally, police intercepted a Bolero which did not have a registration plate, at Naveen Market overbridge and recovered the stolen idol and two other idols. Four of the jeep occupants were arrested. Faizabad district magistrate (DM) Deepak Agrawal and SSP Ramit Sharma confirmed the idols had been verified by the head priest of Devkaali temple, Girija Prasad Pathak.Those arrested were identified as Karamjeet Maurya of Ambedkar Nagar, Vijay Narain Pandey of Azamgarh, Subhash Kumar Yadav of Jaunpur and Jai Pujan Sharma of Sultanpur. The accused confessed the idol of Maa Devkaali was stolen after a fortnight of studying what time of the day there were minimum number of people at the temple. Once the idol was with the gang, it was wrapped in sheets of carbon as it helped keep intact the ancient look of the antique. The idol was then kept at a hideout in Azamgarh. The accused revealed they had finalised a deal in which the three idols recovered were to be sold at a price of Rs 60 lakh per kilogram. All the three idols seized weigh around 10 kg each and were made of Ashtdhatu, an amalgam of eight metals. Hence the total consignment was expected to fetch an estimated Rs 18 crore. The remaining two idols seized from the gang included those of Mahalaxmi and Mahasaraswati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16924067", "title": "Cooch Behar's Madan Mohan Bari in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a bid to draw attention towards the historical connection between Assam and neighbouring state West Bengal's Cooch Behar, the Natasurjya Phani Sharma Park Durga Puja committee of Maligaon has constructed a colossal model of the Madan Mohan Bari.The Madan Mohan Bari is a temple in Cooch Behar, devoted to Krishna and Balaram, constructed by Koch king Nripendra Narayan in the 1880s.While other Durga Puja committees have put in their best efforts to attract visitors by replicating monuments situated far away from the state, this Durga Puja committee has tried to remind the visitors about the close historical ties between West Bengal and Assam.\"The Madan Mohan Bari is a centre of attraction for visitors in Cooch Behar town of North Bengal. This is a historical temple of Lord Krishna. It was constructed under the patronage of king Nripendra Narayan. By replicating the temple here in Guwahati, we have tried to remind the visitors, especially the new generation, about the bond between West Bengal and Assam. The Koch dynasty ruled in lower Assam and Northern part of Bengal during the medieval period,\" said Sivaji Das, general secretary of the Natasurjya Phani Sharma Park Durga Puja organising committee.The mammoth replica is 18 ft high and covers a length of 55 ft and width of 72 feet.The organizers are in high spirits as they have hired artisans from Cooch Behar to construct the model. \"Gorgeous lighting in the puja pandals plays an important role in drawing more visitors these days and to make sure that our lighting is better, we have brought lights from Shyam Nagar of North 24 Parganas in West Bengal,\" Das said.The replica that has been constructed with bamboo, wood and cloth costs around Rs 4 lakh. Though, the Natasurjya Phani Sharma Park Durga Puja is mainly hosted by railway employees, the locals of the Maligaon area in western part of the city take equal part in the puja with fervour and gaiety.After a month's long hard work by artisans, the replica of Madan Mohan Bari temple is now ready for visitors.\"We feel it was a great idea to replicate the Madan Mohan Bari temple. The artisans from Cooch Behar have done a good job. All thanks to them for adding flavour to our Durga Puja by erecting this beautiful structure,\" said Smita, a college girl who was making rounds of the temple with her friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921671", "title": "Professor held for vulgar tweets against singer", "text": "CHENNAI: A 37-year-old associate professor of the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) in Taramani was arrested on Monday for posting vulgar comments on microblogging site Twitter against singer Chinmayee Sriprada.In her complaint to the police commissioner last week, Chinmayee had identified a few men, including NIFT professor Saravana Kumar Perumal, as posting comments in the names of rajanleaks, senthilchn, Asharavkay, losongelesram, vivajilal and thyirvadai. The men, who tweet/blog as a group in Tamil, posted phone numbers inviting her to contact them, said an investigating officer. Police said a particular comment which appeared offensive was posted in the name of Sharankay, the Twitter handle of Saravana Kumar Perumal of Nanganallur.Call data records of his mobile phone and broadband connection showed he was on Twitter when the tweets about the singer and her mother were posted. Based on his confession, police registered a case under Sections 66 and 66A of the Information Technology Act. His mobile phone was seized. Perumal's was produced before the chief metropolitan magistrate in Egmore and remanded in judicial custody.Special police teams have been sent to Coimbatore and Puducherry on the trail of two more people said to be involved in the case.Talking to reporters, commissioner S George said they had so far received 19 such complaints from women alleging harassment on social networking sites. They planned to strengthen the cyber crime cell, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16922796", "title": "Light drizzle in many areas of Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten days after the Met department had declared the southwest monsoon to be withdrawn from the city, Mumbaikars witnessed slight drizzles on Monday night.Though the Met department did not record any rainfall till 8:30pm on Monday, light drizzles were reported from many areas like Byculla, Masjid, Bandra, Andheri, Kandivli and Dadar.According to the Indian Meteorological Department ( IMD), there is a low pressure area over southeast Arabian Sea, which may become well marked during the next 24 hours. Also, a trough fom this system extends up to eastcentral Arabian Sea off the Maharashtra coast, which may have caused the drizzles.The Met department has predicted that rain or thundershowers would occur at a few places over south Konkan &amp; Goa during the next 24 hours and at one or two places thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922401", "title": "Multi-level car parking facility likely to come up near HC", "text": "HYDERABAD: A multi-level car parking facility will come up near the AP high court soon. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to take up the multi-level facility to decongest the area and also provide parking space for advocates and petitioners and general public.If the complex, being planned to be taken up under Design, Build, Finance, Operate and Transfer (DBFOT), is materialised, it would become the biggest multi-level parking facility in the city and end parking woes in the vicinity of Charminar.Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) officials said the multi-level parking facility has been proposed in about 6,300 square yards (former Nayapul Maternity Hospital land) available next to the high court. The five-to-six-floor parking lot would be designed to accommodate about 1,000 cars, 700 car bays for advocates and petitioners and the rest for general public who visit Charminar or surrounding areas.Even if the high court is shifted in the near future, the parking facility could be used for general public. As there is a possibility of increase in traffic volume once the Charminar Pedestrianisation Project (CPP) is completed, the parking complex could be useful for tourists. \"The corporation has recently called request for proposal for selection of a consultant for preparation of techno-financial viability of the project. If found technically feasible and financially viable, the project will be awarded on DBFOT to a private firm,\" GHMC superintending engineer R Sridhar told TOI.GHMC officials said the multi-level parking facility had become a necessity in the area due to heavy traffic flow. Due to inadequate parking space on the court premises, vehicles of advocates and petitioners were being parked on vacant land close to the high court building.Realising the parking problem, the AP high court had last year asked the GHMC and roads and buildings (R&B;) department to work out plans for a new building with multi-level parking facility on the existing vacant land adjacent to the main court building. A plan for a seven-storied building was prepared by the R&B; department. However, the plan was dropped due to height restrictions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921921", "title": "Fire and smoke detection devices to be tested in Rajdhanis, Shatabdis", "text": "NEW DELHI: The railways will soon install fire and smoke detection devices in trains starting with 20 Rajdhanis and Shatabdis. Sources said the decision was taken after \"encouraging\" results of a six-month trial on the Bhubaneswar-Delhi Rajdhani.Ministry sources said this would be a larger pilot project by the railways and its success would pave the way for large-scale use of these devices in trains for early detection of smoke or fire. They added that the devices could send four alarms - two meant for operators and rail employees inside the train and the other two for passengers.Officials said the first two alarms would go off as soon as minor fire was detected so that rail employees can take immediate steps to fix them. In case they fail to do so and the situation gets worse, the device will send another alarm. \"At this stage, automatic brakes will be applied to halt the train. There will be audio alarms alerting people to exit the coaches. We hope this to be successful,\" a ministry official said.Though the Research Design and Standards Organization (RDSO) will soon install smoke and fire detection systems inside air-conditioned coaches, the real challenge is to have a similar system inside sleeper coaches which are prone to dust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920006", "title": "3 die in northeast Delhi wall collapse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two girls and a woman died and another girl was injured after a wall collapsed in Gokulpuri area of northeast Delhi, police said.The deceased were identified as Monika (6), Munni (5) and Sheela (38). Sheela's daughter Pooja also sustained injuries and is undergoing treatment at GTB hospital, said a senior police officer.The Uttar Pradesh irrigation and flood department had constructed a 7.5 feet high and 14 inch thick wall between a drain and the water pipeline in Ganga Vihar colony on the Loni border adjacent to Gokulpuri area, said police.A slum had come against the wall. Recently, cracks had developed in the wall and it had even tilted to a side but no repairs were carried out, alleged dwellers.A 100 feet long part of the wall collapsed around 9am on Monday and four people got trapped under it. People rushed to the rescue and the victims were taken to the hospital where three succumbed to the injuries.After the incident, there was a jurisdiction issue between Delhi police and UP police, which was settled by the evening and Delhi police started investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921396", "title": "'7/11 probe officer deleted call records'", "text": "MUMBAI: A police officer, who was with the Anti Terrorism Squad when it was investigating the 7/11 serial train blasts, on Monday told the Bombay high court that he had personally deleted the call data records of the 13 accused in the case in 2007. Inspector Sunil Wadke, who is at present attached to Bhayander police station, was working with the technical unit cell of the ATS between 2004 and 2008 and was involved in analysing call data records (CDRs) of suspected mobile phones received by the ATS. Wakde in his affidavit before Justice Abhay Thipsay said that following a request to the telecom companies, they had sent the CDRs on email to him. \"I informed the investigation officer there was no material which was relevant or useful for the 7/11 probe,\" Wakde said in his affidavit. The ATS filed its chargesheet in the case in November 2006. \"None of the CDRs were relied upon by the prosecution for the chargesheet. Therefore, after about a year the information was deleted by me from the records,\" Wakhe said.Advocate Yug Chaudhry, counsel for the accused, questioned the deletion of the records. Some 209 people were killed and over 700 injured on July 11, 2006, in bomb blasts in seven suburban trains.The ATS said the blasts were carried out by SIMI and the LeT and arrested 13 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16932492", "title": "Allu Arjun's new film launch on Dasara", "text": "Looks like Allu Arjun will be celebrating this Dasara with the launch of a new movie. The stylish star's new flick is scheduled to be launched tomorrow with a ceremonial puja at the Ramanaidu Studios. Surrender Reddy is directing the movie billed to be a slick action entertainer. Nallamalapu Bujji is producing the movie. While the title of the movie is not finalized yet, buzz is that Race Gurram is one title under consideration.Allu Arjun will start work on the movie as soon as he is done with filming of director Puri Jagannath's Iddarammayilatho. The filmmakers are planning to release the movie in summer. The rest of details about the cast and are expected to be announced tomorrow.However, the big question on everybody's mind is, who is going to be the leading lady of the movie? Buzz is that the filmmakers have approached Samantha and that the actress also liked the script and gave her nod. We will have to wait and see till tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922680", "title": "Chal, Chal, Chal Mere Haathi", "text": "When a mahout says Chai, he is not referring to tea, but is telling his elephant to move (left or right). If the elephant keeps on walking, the mahout will command it to Sarak. Which means he is asking it to come back.Sarak, Matth, Chai, Arre...,words not found in any dictionary or used by an individual to communicate, are used by mahouts to converse with the jumbos. The history of this unique dialect traces back to the 19th century with the invasion of the Afghans. They sowed the seeds of the dialect in India where they tamed elephants to wage war against Indian rulers. The language is a blend of Bengali, Urdu, Kannada, Tamil and Hindi. \"We inherited this language from our ancestors and it is easy to learn,\" claims 65-year-old retired mahout Pasha.\"It hardly takes 15 days to learn the language. \"Elephants, Pasha says, will take commands only from its mahout and identifies him from his tone and smell. Sign languages too are used. \"We press the toes of the elephant which means stop or to lift legs,\" he explains. Mahouts use 'ankush' to tame elephants. It consists of a hook (usually bronze or steel) which is fixed to a 60-90 cm wooden handle. The hook is inserted into the elephant's sensitive skin to get it to obey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16922729", "title": "Council revokes decision to allot stadium for shopping fest", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The special council meeting chaired by mayor A K Premajam on Monday unanimously decided to revoke its decision to allot the EMS Corporation Stadium to the tourism department for holding the Grand Kerala Shopping Festival (GKSF) from December 8 to 15.The meeting also decided to request the government not to change the venue of the shopping festival from the district to some other part of the state.The corporation had convened the special meeting after people from all walks of life expressed displeasure over its decision. Even CPM workers had come out in the open against it. The supplementary agenda 121 to allot the ground was approved in the last council meeting on October 15.The mayor said tourism minister A P Anil Kumar, in a DO letter dated October 4, had sought the civic body's permission to hold the GKSF in the stadium. Premajam clarified that the minister had never mentioned in the letter that permission was being sought only to hold the inaugural ceremony of the event. She said the civic body would also give the ministry a list of other suitable venues in the city to host the shopping festival.At the meeting, the opposition alleged that there was a conspiracy in agreeing to allot the stadium. Councillor Zechariah P Hussein asked whether anyone had any special interest in doing so. \"It is suspicious that the civic body included such a serious topic only as a supplementary agenda in the meeting,\" he said.Premajam, in her reply, said the issue was presented in the council as the state government had sent the DO letter regarding permission.P Kishanchand of Socialist Janata (Democratic) said the previous council had taken a decision not to allot the stadium for programmes other than sports events.\"The civic body could have conveyed this to the minister instead of presenting it in the council for approval,\" he said.P Sreekumar said the problem had occurred as the supplementary agenda failed to mention the decision taken by the previous council on this matter. C P Salim of the Congress said the corporation was being ruled by a coterie which was not aware of the aspirations of the common man.A V Avaran of the Congress said the civic body had not taken any measures to construct a playground at Payyanakkal despite several pleas.K Mohammed Ali, deputy opposition leader, said that instead of accusing each other, the civic body should revoke its decision and tender a public apology. He said the shopping festival could be held in the 3.5-acre vacant land of the Kerala Soaps and Oil situated in the heart of the city. Over 250 vehicles can be parked in that place at a time and it has got better road connectivity, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16925500", "title": "Beyonce loses bid to trademark daughter Blue Ivy's name", "text": "Beyonce and her hubby Jay-Z have lost a legal bid to trademark the name of their 10-month-old daughter Blue Ivy.According to the Boston Herald , the music superstar couple were denied their trademark application, as a Boston event-planning company has been operating under the name Blue Ivy Events since 2009, CBS News reported.The petition to trademark Blue Ivy's name was submitted by the couple shortly after their daughter was born in January, as the 31-year-old singer reportedly wanted to launch her own baby product line that bore her daughter's name.The ruling in favour of the event planning business by the US Patent and Trademark Office means that the couple have no legal rights to the name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16922835", "title": "Injured Victoria horse rescued from Colaba", "text": "MUMBAI: People For Animals (PFA) activists rescued a young horse that was visibly in pain and limping while pulling a Victoria at Colaba on Sunday night. They sent it to an animal hospital in Parel.\"Though a young horse, it's foot was swollen near the joint. It had turned red due to over-exploitation by its handlers. It was in so much pain, it would kick up the moment anybody touched its leg. And yet, it was cruelly being made to work on the streets. We have lodged a complaint against it's owner at the Colaba police station,\" said PFA trustee Poonam Mahajan.She said PFA had received multiple calls from concerned citizens who had noticed the limping horse and another one at the Gateway of India. The horse's hawk and fetlock joints were swollen and the entire leg red from the immense pressure the animal was in.The horse's condition was akin to a human with a swollen ankle and knee being made to pull a heavy Victoria. \"A designated vet approves licence for these horses. One wonders what conditions the vets take into account if they freely give licences to lame horses,\" said PFA activist Ambika Hiranandani.\"The doctors say the horse's joints are swollen and accumulated fluid has solidified, which is why the animal is in pain. I requested the handler, Mohammed, to send the animal to hospital as an X-ray was urgently needed. He refused and, as usual, dozens of them surrounded me and started yelling. They kept touching the horse's leg. The horse kept trying to kick them as it was in great pain,\" said Rachel Koyama, who heads PFA's field operations. Exasperated, she then called Colaba police who instantly came to the animal's rescue.\"Even tourists are shocked at the animals' plight. Italian animal welfare organizations are holding a protest outside the Indian Embassy in Rome on October 25. This is organised by Animal lover Helen Dufton, an India enthusiast. Animal lovers are even taking a wow not to return to Mumbai until the Victorias are banned,\" said Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920875", "title": "Metro cards for disabled students delayed", "text": "NEW DELHI: It might take a little more time for the physically challenged students of Delhi University to get their free Metro card, as the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has expressed its inability to provide services like blocking of lost cards and centralized recharging, in the current financial year.Delhi University's Equal Opportunity Cell, as per its decision to provide Metro cards to PH category students, wrote to DMRC, requesting for around 1,300 metro cards. DU authorities also requested a centralized recharging facility so that the university can recharge the cards online.DMRC welcomed the move and said it is in the process of starting a facility of recharging through netbanking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920730", "title": "Decks cleared for Ghazipur facelift", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Ghazipur area and its environs will soon get a facelift. The East corporation, along with agencies like DDA, DJB and Agricultural Marketing Board, will take up the work by the year-end.In a meeting at the chief secretary's office last week, IL&FS;, which surveyed the area, prepared the estimates. The cost of the project, which is yet to be finalized, will be shared by all the agencies. \"The area is in a bad condition but due to multiplicity of authorities, work could not be taken up. Now all civic agencies will execute the plan together.The area for the Ghazipur landfill site will also be increased. As the site is overflowing with garbage, the nearby land has been reclaimed,\" said S S Yadav, commissioner, East corporation.Things might look up for the hundreds of slum dwellers near the site. \"We don't have toilets, a drainage system, water supply and proper roads. We were relocated R K Puram seven years ago. Leave alone development, even basic facilities are not there,\" said Prakash Singh, pradhan of the slum. The plan includes LIG/EWG housing scheme for the dwellers and a clean neighbourhood on vacant land in the vicinity of the existing slum. Cleaning and repair of the sewers, developing storm-water drainage system are also in the offing. A vacant plot has also been identified for relocating additional slum dwellers .A community training centre will also be set up for imparting vocational skills to slum dwellers and ragpickers. Construction of another abattoir in the area was taken up last year; work on it is almost 80% complete along with plantation work.\"The corporation will complete the construction within a month and it can then be used. Even the roads are in bad shape. The plan will include construction and repair of roads with correct road geometry and street sections. Dispensaries and a childcare hospital will be opened,\" said Yadav. A parking lot, too, will be constructed.The plan will not only benefit residents but also workers. For over 3,500 workers, dormitory style housing or shared apartments will be constructed.\"The workers don't have homes, so shared apartments will be given to them to improve their productivity,\" said a DDA official. c", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16926226", "title": "Milky Way came into present state as Earth and Sun formed", "text": "WASHINGTON: NASA scientists have discovered that Milky Way settled gradually into its present state only around the time the Sun and Earth were forming.Disc galaxies like our own Milky Way were believed to have been formed billions of years ago, however, now scientists have found they settled into the present state as the Sun and solar system were being formed.\"Astronomers thought disk galaxies in the nearby universe had settled into their present form by about 8 billion years ago, with little additional development since,\" Susan Kassin, an astronomer at Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt.\"The trend we've observed instead shows the opposite, that galaxies were steadily changing over this time period,\" Kassin said in a statement.NASA has studied hundreds of galaxies and found that they have continued to evolve contrary to the belief that they reached their current state billions of years before the planets.Scientists studied 544 galaxies from the W M Keck Observatory in Hawaii and found that billions of years ago, galaxies were chaotic and random but over time, rotated into disc-shaped systems.The larger the galaxy, the more settled its mass became and over time, there were fewer mergers, they said.The study, called the Deep Extragalactic Evolutionary Probe 2 (DEEP2) Redshift Survey, examined galaxies between two billion and eight billion light-years from Earth.Scientists focused on galaxies with emission lines bright enough to give information about its internal workings.It is now believed that the Milky Way was still evolving around the time the Sun formed, although the physical processes behind this are still to be determined.Researchers say the distant blue galaxies they studied are gradually transforming into rotating disk galaxies like our own Milky Way.\"Previous studies removed galaxies that did not look like the well-ordered rotating disks now common in the universe today,\" said co-author Benjamin Weiner, an astronomer at the University of Arizona in Tucson.\"By neglecting them, these studies examined only those rare galaxies in the distant universe that are well-behaved and concluded that galaxies didn't change,\" Weiner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922288", "title": "Special 'vrat thali' for Burail jail inmates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many criminals including dreaded ones lodged in the high-security Burail jail are immersed in the ongoing Navratra and Durga puja festivities. While many prisoners are keeping Navaratra fasts, others are fasting to get the blessings of goddess Durga.Jail authorities are also doing their utmost to facilitate prisoners to observe fasts and perform morning and evening religious ceremonies. Besides, a separate kitchen has been set up in the jail premises for cooking of Navaratra fare.Jail inmates are being offered a variety of dishes that are had during \"vrat\" including spicy boiled potatoes, \"aloo-bhaji,\" \"sabudane ki kheer\" and \"kuttu atta\". Also there is a provision for special \"vrat thali\" (plate) for the inmates.\"Prisoners too want to lead a normal life and celebrate different festivals. Therefore, we have made special arrangements of food had during fasting for them. Various \"vrat\" dishes like boiled potatoes, \"saboot dane kee kheer\" and \"kuttu\" breads are being made available,\" Balbir Singh Dhol, additional inspector general of Burail jail, told TOI.He added, \"Besides, there is a special \"vrat thali,\". Fifty five prisoners are observing fast and some of them will be fasting on all nine days. Every day prisoners inform the kitchen staff about their choice of menu. Dishes had during \"vrat\" are a big hit and they are in demand among even those prisoners who are not fasting.\"During the ongoing navaratra, prisoners are doing special \"puja\" twice a day. Normally the diet of each prisoner costs Rs 50 per day but this special menu has increased the cost to around Rs 65 per day.Currently, Burail jail inmates are engaged in various activities like making furniture, cooking, horticulture and writing for jail's newsletter. The jail authorities are also planning to start an in-house bakery, which would be run by inmates inside the jail premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16921709", "title": "Discoms evolve method to cut default", "text": "GURGAON: The Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) and the Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) have decided to develop a mechanism for preventing default in payment of electricity bills by government employees.A discom spokesperson said that for government employees a sub-category code in bills will be formed with specific codes. The employees of different government, both state and central, would be given different codes that will be mentioned in the bill and fed to the central billing data to keep track of the payment and dues, said the spokesperson.The new system will help the discom to keep track of pending bills and also help in speedy recovery in the event of major bill default. The employees of the power department would be given the code GEP, for the employees of the state government and its undertakings it would be GES and for employees of the Central government the code would be GEC.The new system of coding will be generated and monitored for the status of accurate billing and payment separate reports and the executive engineers (Operations) concerned will be responsible for identification of government employees as per the codes.The spokesperson said that the new system would be put in place in a phased manner. \"In the first phase, the code of the employees belonging to the power department; including DHBVN, UHBVN, HVPN and HPGCL; living in official residences or private houses is being fed in the central billing database,\" said the spokesperson.In the second phase, connections of all the employees of the departments of the state government residing in colonies, police lines or private houses would be codified. In the third phase the connections pertaining to employees of the Central government would be codified. The mechanism is likely to be ready within the next three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16891485", "title": "Vrat food with a fresh twist", "text": "Who said that the nine days of Navratri have to be marked with a diet of the same ol' puja food that's dished out in your kitchen year after year? vrat ka khana needn't be restricted to just fruits, sabudhane ki khichdi and a bland liquid diet. From the Bengali bhog to the Gujarati barfi, every community has its interesting puja specials that are worth sampling. Here's a quick guide .Bengali delightsTalk of Durga Puja and what instantly comes to mind apart from all the colours and festive fervour, is the bhog prasad. the quintessential street food of khatti rolls and tangy puchkas will always be a favourite, but Durga Puja is also the time to savour delicious comfort foods, and the good ol' homey khichdi tops this list! Social activist Chandana Chakravarthy swears by this classic puja special. \"On the last four days of puja \u2014 the astami, saptami, navami and dasami \u2014 the kitchens in almost all Bengali homes are shut. Everyone gathers at community pandals and sits down to have a traditional meal with their friends and family. Puja food is made of simple ingredients and the usual favorites are labra (five vegetable curry), beguni (brinjals pan-fried in besan), tamatar ka chutney, paayesh (rice pudding), and the classic khichdi with vegetables,\" she says. Chandana shares her recipe for simple yet delicious khichdi \u2014 gooey rice cooked with chunks of veggies. Ahh! Bliss!KichidiIngredients1 cup moong dal1 cup rice6 cups water200 gms pumpkin200 gms cauliflower (chopped into big chunks)100 gms beans2 potatoes (roughly chopped)2 green chillies2 tej patta2 cardamoms2 clovesA pinch of tumeric1 tbsp ground ginger1 tbsp of paanch masala (seeds of mustard, fenugreek, cumin, kalonji and saunf)Oil, ghee and salt, as requiredMethodRoast moong dal in a pan with a little oil till it turns golden brown. set aside. In the same pan, add some more oil, and saute the vegetables. Set aside. Meanwhile, heat some oil in a pressure cooker or thick-bottomed vessel. Once the oil is hot, toss in the cardamom, cloves, tej patta and paanch masala. Once the seeds crackle, add chillies and a pinch of tumeric. Add the sauteed veggies to this tadka and cook for 10 minutes. Now add the rice and the roasted dal to this along with the ground ginger. Mix well. pressure cook the whole thing for 10 minutes. Lower the heat, add a spoon of ghee and mix well. serve piping hot.Gujrat ki meethaThe land of colourful chaniya cholis goes on a dessert diet during this festive period. There are an assortment of barfis, kheers, shrikhands, halwas, stuffed karanjias to choose from. \"It's sweets, sweets and sweets during the period of fasting,\" says foodie Priyanka Shah, a lawyer by profession. She adds that barfis in all flavours are a huge hit. Here's a simple recipe from Priyanka's cookbook that you can try at home.Kaju kesar barfiIngredients500 gms kaju (cashewnuts)300 gms sugar\u00bd tbsp kesar (saffron)1 tbsp milk1/4 tbsp orange color2 chandi varqGhee, as neededPistachios for garnishingMethodSoak the kaju in water overnight. Drain and grind the kajus till it forms a thick, fine paste. In a pan, add some ghee, sugar and kaju paste. Stir constantly on low heat. Mix the saffron in milk and add a little food color. Pour this into the kaju paste. Stir continuously and cook till the ghee separates and floats on the edges of the pan. On a rolling board, place a butter paper and pour the mixture on it. garnish with varq and blanched pistas and cut it into sqaures immediately. Serve when cold.On a sweet Punjabi noteAnything Punjabi has be to be larger than life. And it's no different when it comes to food. During the Mata ki Chowki held during Navratri, the celebrations are incomplete without mithai. \"Ladoos are a must for us Punjabis. Never mind what the occasion, there has to be ladoos of all kinds \u2014boondhi ke, aate ke or nariyal ke. It's no surprise then that our fasts are also broken with mithai,\" says food blogger Anamika Sharma, who shares a simple recipe.Walnut LadooIngredients1 cup walnuts\u00bd cup almonds\u00bd cup castor sugar1 tsp cardamom powderMethodGrind both walnuts and almonds together in the mixie to make a smooth paste. Transfer the paste into a bowl and add the castor sugar and cardamom powder to it. mix well. Now form small lemon-size balls of the mixture. Your laddoos are ready to serve.Marwar ka swadMarwadi food, with its Rajasthani origins, is any foodie's delight. \"As a community, we are known for our lip-smacking vegetarian fare. But during Navratri time, we eat simple food that uses sendha namak (pure sea salt) and the menu is devoid of food grains. One special meal that is prepared on the last day of the puja is kanje (tempered kala chana), kadhai puri and aate/sooji ka halwa,\" says entrepreneur Kamini Saraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921864", "title": "India to highlight honouring pending RCNs at Interpol meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the 2611 Mumbai terror attack mastermind and LeT founder Hafiz Saeed and his ilk in mind, India will ask Interpol member countries to make the global police body more effective in terms of honouring pending Red Corner Notices (RCNs) against fugitives, including terrorists.India's demand and concerns will be articulated by the home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde, who will attend the Interpol General Assembly session to be held in Rome from November 5 to 8.Hafiz Saaed alias Syed Hafiz Saab has not only been freely roaming in full public view in Pakistan ever since the Interpol Notice was issued against him at India's behest in 2009, but has also been provided security by state authorities within the country.\"Saeed's case makes a mockery of the RCN system which expects a member country to put the fugitive under arrest. It has prompted New Delhi to flag the issue at the gathering in Rome, seeking more power for the international police body,\" said an official, who is engaged in finalizing details of Shinde's visit.Shinde is proposed to seek more teeth for the global police body in the ministerial meeting, which is to be part of the Interpol's 81st General Assembly.The matter, besides other issues including concerns over cyber crime and circulationprinting of fake currency notes, will be highlighted during the General Assembly meetings by the Indian delegation, consisting of senior officers of home ministry and CBI.At present, the Interpol has 190 member countries, including Pakistan. Justice, security and home ministers from over 100 countries will participate in the General Assembly, which is to be opened, for the first time, with a ministerial meeting.Though over 160 Interpol RCNs are pending against fugitives wanted by Indian law enforcement agencies, New Delhi is specifically concerned about over 45 terrorists, who are suspected to be holed up in Pakistan. Besides Saeed, the list includes 1993 Mumbai terror attack mastermind Dawood Ibrahim, hijackers of the IC-814 flight in 1999, members of Indian Mujahideen, LeT and Khalistani terrorist groups.Those who are not in public view may give Pakistan a benefit of doubt as the country never accepts their presence within its territory. \"But, the presence of Saeed marks the ineffectiveness of the Interpol institutional arrangement where majority of the member countries consider Red Corner Notice to be a valid request for provisional arrest,\" added the official.The case of four Iranians, wanted in connection with the February 13 bomb attack on an Israeli diplomat's car here, is also a concern for Indian agencies that had got RCNs issued against them in March.Though Tehran has promised New Delhi to cooperate in the probe, Indian agencies are skeptical of Iran's effort to trace the wanted Iranian nationals \u2014 Mohammadreza Abolghashemi, Houshang Afshar Irani, Seyed Ali Mahdiansadr and Masoud Sedaghatzadeh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16922118", "title": "Girl 'molested' at Ekm Junction", "text": "KOCHI: Railway police have arrested one K J Jose (40) of Pambakuda, Muvattupuzha, on charges of molesting a 20-year-old girl at the South railway station.The incident occurred around 7.30am on Monday when the girl, who had arrived in the Dhanbad Express train, was getting out of the station. Police said the accused had grabbed her hand for no reason. A case has been registered against Jose, who is speech-impaired. He, however, submitted that his hand had accidentally touched the girl's hand when he tried to catch his bag that slipped from his shoulder. He was presented before the court.Police complaint against advocate : A US-based woman has approached Thrikkakara police with a complaint against an advocate of the Kerala high court on Monday. Carol Kumar Stella of Florida lodged the police complaint that the lawyer, a cousin of her late husband, had duped her of Rs 17 lakh. Carol was married to Pradeep Kumar, a Keralite settled in the US, a couple of years ago. After Pradeep's death, she had given the power of attorney to the accused to sell some shares that he had in Indian companies. However, the lawyer failed to give her the money after selling the shares. \"We have registered a case based on her complaint,\" said Thrikakkara sub-inspector Abdul Sathar.Malaysian youths held for visa violation: Two Malaysian youths - Vinod Dalvin (20) of Lorong Banang, Klang, Selangor and Ragu Nathan (23) of Puchong, Selangor -- were arrested by the police for violating visa norms. The two were arrested by a team led by sub inspector A Ananthalal. Police said they came to know about the visa violation when the duo was nabbed by a police patrolling team for creating a ruckus at a busy junction in the city in an inebriated condition. On interrogation, it was found that the two had come to Kochi as students of a private educational institution but they had only tourist visas. A case was registered and they were presented before the court, which remanded them in judicial custody.Police officials said that around 40 foreign students were camping in various parts of the city violating the visa rules. As per the intelligence input, they had come as students to attend various courses in private educational institutions. \"We will initiate action against the institutions which have given admission to foreign students violating visa rules,\" the officials added.A 40-year-old person was arrested by the railway police for allegedly molesting a girl student at South railway station in the city on Monday.Railway police said that the incident occurred around 7.30 am when the student was walking on the platform of the station. The accused was identified as K J Jose,40, of Pambakuda, Muvattupuzha. Police said that the girl had come to the station in Dhanbad Express and was going out of the station when the incident occurred. In her complaint, the girl alleged that the accused coming from the opposite side grabbed her hand for no reason. Police registered a case against the accused, who is a dumb, based on the complaint. However, the accused submitted that his hand accidentally touched the girl's hand when he tried to catch his bag which slipped from his shoulder. He was presented before the court, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "sagar", "code": "16925682", "title": "Cold storages: Madhya Pradesh govt to adopt Holland model", "text": "SAGAR: To enhance the storage life of vegetable products, especially of onions and potatoes, Madhya Pradesh government has decided to make changes in the cold-storages here by taking help of the technical know-how available in Holland.\"Holland's expertise in the field of storing vegetable products, like onions and potatoes, is remarkable and we will also emulate it in Madhya Pradesh to enhance the longevity of such items,\" state Agriculture minister Ramkrishna Kusmaria told PTI following a visit to Holland recently.The technology adopted by them in the construction of cold storages is remarkable and consumes less energy, approximately one-third, compared to the cold storages in India, he said.\"The temperature in the cold storages there also varies according to the vegetables, but back here, same temperature is maintained all along, resulting in huge energy consumption by such storages,\" the minister said.\"The onions stored in the cold storages in Holland remained healthy for almost eight-nine months, which is remarkable by any standards,\" the minister said.According to him, Holland used to export quality potato seeds to nearly 70 per cent of the world despite being a small country in terms of area.To provide training in this field, the state would send students of agriculture to Holland to learn the necessary skills and technical knowhow, the minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16923047", "title": "IVF raises hopes of having a baby even at 40", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed an IVF process which they claim could give a woman in her early forties the same chance of becoming pregnant as a 32-year-old. Researchers from Colorado claim the screening treatment could boost a 42-year-old's odds of having a baby from 13% to 60%.It works by picking only the embryos most likely to create a healthy foetus, slashing the odds of miscarriage, the Daily Mail reported.The treatment also involves the embryos being frozen for at least a month after the In vitro fertilization (IVF) to allow the woman's reproductive organs to return to normal. Scientists believe that the powerful fertility-boosting drugs given during IVF can harm the embryo if it is put into the womb too soon.A woman aged 40 to 42 typically has a low chance of becoming pregnant with IVF and is unlikely to conceive naturally. Patients will have to pay 2,000 for the test, on top of a cycle of IVF costing 3,000 to 4,000 a course. The process has already been used on 1,200 women in the US. The US scientists claim their procedure is the most advanced of several being developed to boost pregnancy odds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16922375", "title": "Civic body warns of cut in water supply due to misuse", "text": "NASHIK: The divisional officer of Ambad, has warned of reducing water supply in areas where water was being wasted by citizens, instead of taking action against those who were misusing water by washing vehicles and even leaving taps unattended.Following a visit to Rane Nagar, where residents are known to waste water by indiscriminately using it to wash vehicles, AP Wagh, divisional officer of Ambad, has warned citizens of cutting the water supply if the wastage continued.\"it was observed that people not only washed their vehicles, but also splashed water in the alleys. We have warned the citizens, their water supply will be cut if such misuse continues,\" Wagh said.A resident, Rajesh Thorat, who saw the unattended tap at a construction site adjacent to the Prabodhankar Thakre Sabahgruha reported the matter to Wagh. \"None of those residing near the construction site plot owned by a man, Rohit Bhatia, closed the tap due to which hundreds of litres of water has been wasted,\" said Thorat.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator Arvind Shelke said that he was for penalizing citizens misusing water. \"My colleague - Congress-corporator Kalpana Chumbhle and I have assured the divisional officer of our cooperation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16921442", "title": "Fake scanner used to dupe jeweller", "text": "JAIPUR: The police on Tuesday searched the office of the three fraudsters who duped an MI Road-based jeweller of 4 kg gold worth nearly 1.25 crore. The fake scanner machine installed in the office was used to replace the gold bars with iron bars. Even the CCTVs installed at the office were found to be fake.The accused men, who identified themselves as Rakesh Mehta, his wife Manisha, and Jitendra Mehta, had committed the fraud pretending to be owners of a firm. They had called the jeweller's son, Deepak Mosun, to their office in Shalimar Complex saying they would buy gold bars from them. On the pretext of checking whether the gold was genuine, they went into another cabin with the bag containing the gold and replaced it with iron bars. They then gave the bag back to Deepak and told him they wanted to withdraw money for buying the gold from the bank.While searching the office on Tuesday, it came up that the accused men had taken the gold bars from Deepak and put them into the scanner. The scanner was lying adjacent to the wall of another cabin. While the gold was put in the scanner, another man in the adjoining cabin replaced it with iron bars through a hole in the wall. The hole had been hidden using a banner by them.Meanwhile, police said that one of the fraudsters, a woman, had submitted a passport claiming her name as Manisha Mehta while renting the office in Salimar Complex. The police found on Thursday that the passport was stolen from a villager in Gujarat. The photo had been replaced with that of the woman involved in the fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920901", "title": "Minimum temperature to rise a couple of degrees: Met department", "text": "NAGPUR: Though monsoon officially left the city's threshold more than a week ago, Nagpur experienced a wet Sunday a couple of days ago. Monday, too, saw the maximum temperature drop five degrees below normal. This pleasant weather, however, was a one-off phenomenon and would not be repeated soon.The met department says that in the next few days the weather would be mainly dry and the minimum temperature may rise a couple of notches even as the southern part of the country would remain lashed with rains. This slight rise in minimum temperature would be a result of broken clouding over the region caused because of a low pressure area developing over the Arabian Sea.\"Over the next three or four days, the minimum temperature in the city would rise by at least two degrees while the maximum temperature will remain more or less the same. Such drops in temperatures are a normal happening during the change of season and especially during the post-monsoon season that is currently going on,\" said Vijay Barapatre, director of the regional meteorological centre.Withdrawal of monsoon is accompanied by a reversal of the wind pattern from southerly to northerly which brings about such changes in temperature, he said. Over the next few days, the maximum and minimum temperatures for the day would hover around 35 degrees and 15 degrees respectively with more or less clear sky, he added.On Monday, the maximum temperatures dropped five degrees below normal at 27.6 degrees. The condition was similar all over Vidarbha with the highest fall in maximum temperature in Amravati as low as six degrees below normal, also at 27.6 degrees.Both Gondia and Wardha also experienced a fall of over five degrees in their maximum temperatures on the day with 27 and 27.2 degrees respectively. In Yavatmal, along with a fall of around three degrees in the maximum temperature, the minimum temperature for the day also fell five degrees below normal reaching 15.1 degrees.The lowest temperature that the city has experienced this October has been 15.7 degrees last Friday, which was for degrees below normal. The highest the mercury has risen this month has been 36 degrees in the first week. The total rainfall recorded for Sunday in Nagpur was 0.3mm. This makes the total rainfall over the month of October in the city 9.4mm. Out of this, 9.1mm rainfall was received within the first week of the month itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kuppam", "code": "16922517", "title": "Three bogies of Kaveri Expres derail, one hurt", "text": "KUPPAM: Three bogies of Chennai-bound Kaveri Express derailed while its engine suffered damage when huge boulders fell on the track near Kuppam in Chittoor district in the early hours of Monday. One person was injured in the mishap.The derailment took place at around 2.30 am near Mallunuru station. Had the train moved a little further after it jumped the rails it could have resulted in a major tragedy as the mishap site is close to a deep gorge, said the passengers.However, all the passengers escaped as the bogies tilted to a side on the track. A government railway police official said that boulders from the nearby Pulikonda hills fell on the tracks following heavy rainfall when the Mysore-Chennai Kaveri Express train was passing the area.Three bogies, including one AC coach, went off the track while the engine was damaged when the boulders fell on it. \"The pilot of the locomotive applied emergency brakes after noticing a huge boulder on the track. The train dragged for 300 metres before coming to a halt. Under the impact, three bogies derailed,\" a senior official said.Train services on the route were affected as the authorities had to remove huge boulders. The stranded passengers were accommodated in Lalbagh Express to send them to Chennai. Sources said trains were running late on the Bangalore-Chennai section because of the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922414", "title": "From Oz to Amritsar, he vrooms in 12 weeks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dusting off dirt from his trousers with hands smudged with grease, Steven Kirk, 51, is all set to zoom off on his 1050cc Triumph from Chandigarh to Srinagar. The Scottish fire engineer, with a passion for biking is on a world tour and halted in the city to get his bike repaired before setting off again. Starting from Perth, Australia 12 weeks ago and riding through the rugged terrains of Turkey, Iran , Pakistan and India, Steven found Punjab the most welcoming place. He even learnt to cook \"aloo parantha\" and chicken tikka in Amritsar.Steven, who will traverse 22,000km in all said, it was the speed as well as the sound of a bike that caught his fancy as a 12 year-old-boy. And his ardour has stayed the same over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16922857", "title": "Panel meet to decide on medical aspirants put off", "text": "MUMBAI: The meeting of the Pravesh Niyantran Samiti (PNS) which was to decide the fate of around 128 complaints filed by parents of medical aspirants has been adjourned to November 2. The complaints were filed against the irregularities in admission process of private medical and dental colleges, following which the samiti had earlier decided to make all the admissions given after the second round provisional.Parents who have threatened to go on hunger strike if the matter is not resolved are now worried about losing out on days in the academic session. While one of the students should have got a seat in the reserved category, a college denied him admission and threw the seat open to students from the open category. The parent now plans to file an FIR against the college. Another college demanded the fees in cash from a girl student. After the student cancelled the admission in that college and sought admission in a better one, the college gave a post-dated cheque, due to which she was unable to book the seat in the new college. Similar complaints have been filed with the PNS and the parents have now approached the Forum for Fairness in Education. P E Gaikwad, the office secretary of PNS, said, \"Several officials were unable to attend the meeting today and therefore, it has been adjourned to November 2.\"This year, there were only two rounds of admissions conducted for students who appeared for the private colleges' entrance test - Assocet - conducted by the Association of Managements of Unaided Private Medical and Dental Colleges ( AMUPDC). Post the second round, students had to approach every college individually to seek admission in their vacant seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "16925766", "title": "Surat civic body told to pay Rs 5.55 lakh as compensation for lapse", "text": "SURAT : The additional chief judicial magistrate ordered the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) on Monday to pay Rs 5.55 lakh with nine per cent interest rate to the family members of the deceased who died in a road accident due to the carelessness of the civic body.As per the details, Abdul Wahab Shaikh, 34, a resident of Azadnagar in Bhatar was passing from the Sachin area on his motorcycle along with his friend Kalpesh Dayaram Madiwala on March 29, 2006. Meanwhile, the digging work for the construction of a bridge at Bamroli was going on.Since there was no signboard put up by the civic body at the construction site, Shaikh drove his motorcycle into a big pit and sustained serious head and body injuries. While Kalpesh Mandiwala had a miraculous escape, Shaikh was immediately shifted to the Mahavir hospital for further treatment, where he was declared dead on admission.Shaikh's wife Sultana lodged a complaint in the district and sessions court demanding compensation from the civic body for their carelessness in not placing any sort of signboard at the construction site.The case came up for hearing with the additional chief judicial magistrate MS Soni on Monday, who ordered the civic body to pay compensation amounting to Rs 5.55 lakh with nine per cent interest rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16924034", "title": "Durga Puja 2012: Students head home for festival", "text": "GUWAHATI: When the entire city high on festive spirit, hostels at various colleges wear a deserted look as most of the students have left for home for the puja vacation.Though the seven-day puja vacation started only on Sunday, students stopped attending colleges much before that, said Prof Neelakshi Thakuria of Handique Girls' College. \"I always talk to my parents on the phone, but I get homesick during holidays,\" said Nirupama Boro of Cotton College, who is all set to leave for her home in Udalguri.For many like Uddhav Saikia, it is time to relax after examinations. \"The session exams just got over, I want to go back home in Lakhimpur and relax for a while. I am also looking forward to having homemade food.\" Students plan to come back only by the first week of November.Pubali Hazarika of Cotton College is among a few who are yet to join the revelry back home. \"Everyone has gone home for the puja, I will leave soon. I am missing my family and I want to celebrate puja with them,\" said Pubali, who is ready with gifts for her family members who stay in Lakhimpur.Rupalim Sharma, another student of Cotton College, becomes nostalgic every time she talks about her home and the celebrations. \"I miss the autumn air, the festive atmosphere, visiting pandals with my family and offering prayers to the goddess,\" she said. Rupalim is a resident of Goalpara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921074", "title": "Congress questions Arvind Kejriwal\u2019s credentials", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday sought to put a question mark over Arvind Kejriwal's credentials, saying he had never been transferred out of Delhi in his professional life spanning two decades.Citing party general secretary Digvijay Singh's questionnaire to Kejriwal, AICC spokesman Sandeep Dikshit rebuffed the anti-graft campaigner's challenge to Sonia Gandhi and the prime minister for a public debate. \"Let him first respond to Digvijay Singh's questions. We can see the rest later,\" he said.Dikshit acknowledged queries that Kejriwal and his wife had never been posted out of the capital which is seen as a plum posting for Indian Revenue Service officials.\"Few fortunate officers have this luck,\" he said, adding, \"Kejriwal repeatedly claimed that Haryana IAS officer Ashok Khemka had been transferred repeatedly because he is an honest officer. Obversely, what do you call officers who are never transferred.\"The strong observations followed the 27 queries that Digvijay Singh sent Kejriwal on Saturday, questioning his record as an elite bureaucrat and his later avatar as activist besides seeking the source of his funding.Singh's outspoken attitude has in the past put him at odds with organizational managers, with AICC once publicly announcing he did not speak on behalf of the party. The letter to Kejriwal was also written on Singh's letterhead and issued by his office.Given the backdrop, the spokesman's repeated leaning on Singh's questionnaire indicated that the party had embraced it as official artillery against the activist-turned-politician.It marks a departure from Congress's calculated restraint on Kejriwal, with his allegations on Robert Vadra acting as catalyst. The activist's intent to hurt the Congress leadership seems to have forced the party's hand.On Monday, Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit's political secretary Pawan Khera served a legal notice on Kejriwal for accusing her of corruption while law minister Salman Khurshid, under attack over allegations of irregularities by his NGO, told an agency that \"Kejriwal is too small... pathetically small to be in confrontation with our party\".While the change has been evident with spokesman Manish Tewari calling India Against Corruption as 'Insinuation and Allegations Co' and others slamming the \"shoot and scoot\" politics, Singh's questionnaire took it to another level by questioning Kejriwal's integrity, a risky proposition given the public sentiment against corruption and UPA.Congress leaders think Kejriwal may have hurt himself by attacking BJP chief Nitin Gadkari and may not get the saffron camp's unstinted support to his future assault on rivals.Congress managers say IAC's future would be determined by the 2013-end Delhi elections. Being Kejriwal's stronghold, having worked here as activist and gained popularity through Anna Hazare's Lokpal campaign, he would have to win enough seats or dent Congress to show that his action plan has found support among people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920943", "title": "Dancing frenzy to peak on last day of garba", "text": "NAGPUR: The distances and the 11pm deadline have been a big dampener for the various garba events this year, but as the weekend combined with the last two days of ashtami and navami, the crowds have swelled.\"It took a day or two for the event to pick up but the footfalls increased by the weekend,\" says Vipul Kothari, the organizer of Sankalp dandiya. Kothari adds that there were about four thousand people on the ground on Sunday.\"The venue at Jamtha is huge and there are no parking issues. Monday and Tuesday will see a big rush as we have official permission to hold the event till midnight,\" he says.For those who hop from one event to other, things get exciting from ashtami onwards. \"Events where entry is free are very monotonous and go on for barely three hours. True action takes place where entry is by invitation or passes,\" says Chaya Kurani.\"Now, for these last two days we will dress in traditional festive colours like red and green with bandhani prints,\" adds Chaya.\"You can term these events as once in a year desi discos as young and old of any caste or creed dance together and enjoy the festivities,\" says Manasi Khara a regular at garba events.\"This year as Diwali is late and the kids have already had their exams, everybody in the family is here and are enjoying,\" she says.For many youngsters who hail from the city and are working or studying elsewhere, this is a special occasion. Regular at the garba events since their school days they have made it a habit of meeting again during the Navratri festival.\"We plan way ahead to be in Nagpur during the last two days of Navratri. The garba venue is also a place for reunion,\" says Varun Maniyar who is studying in Pune but has come down to the city with few other friends for the occasion.\"Next to Diwali, this is the best time to catch up with friends and meet relatives,\" he adds.They also up the style quotient of these events as they plan and shop way ahead. \"This year traditional dresses have not been much of a rage. Most of us have worn long flowing designer suits and boys have stuck to ethnic kurtas and churidar. I shopped in Delhi especially for this event. I love to dance and am having fun with my old friends,\" says Parkhi Vats, who is studying in Delhi.Also enhancing the excitement are innumerable competitions and catchy music says Disha Parikh a regular at the Wathoda event. \"We keep up the tempo even after the 11 pm deadline. At that time orchestra goes silent and we dance on the beats,\" says this winner of innumerable prizes for the past two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920175", "title": "AIIMS official at centre of storm", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of extension and promotion to the deputy director of AIIMS despite allegations of financial irregularities against him has kicked up a storm. Several political parties and activists are demanding immediate action against Vineet Chaudhary.JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav said, \"There are several complaints filed against Chaudhary in the Chief Vigilance Commission. Despite that, he has been given extension to continue at the post and was recently promoted to the level of additional secretary from joint secretary.\" He said senior Congress leader Moti Lal Vohra had even met the Prime Minister to apprise him about the corruption cases against Chaudhary.The CVC, in reply to an RTI filed by NGO Janhit Abhiyan, recently stated that the CBI had recommended major penalty against Chaudhary after which the commission advised the health ministry to divest him of his charge as part-time Chief Vigilance Officer of the institute.However, health secretary P K Pradhan told TOI that the charges against the deputy director were dropped later so no action was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16925252", "title": "Dil Ho Gail Kurbaan shoot progresses", "text": "Made under RS Films production shooting of Bhojpuri film 'Dil Ho Gail Kurbaan' has started its shoot in Gujrat. Producer R S Tiwari says that the film is based on underworld. The film has some high end action sequences. The film is a launching platform for Rama Shankar Tiwari.Rama Shankar Tiwari, Avinash Shahi, Priya Sharma, Mohini Ghosh are the main stars in the film. Director Mithilesh Avinash has high hopes from the film. Mahesh Acharya has choreographed the song sequences.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921271", "title": "Three Germans cycle to Pune to promote sanitation", "text": "PUNE: From Berlin to Pune - three German cycling enthusiasts have covered 9,500 km in six months for a cause. The aim of their expedition is to promote sustainable dry toilets under the initiative 'Guts for Change'. The cyclists are also raising funds to provide for the initiation of the dry sanitation project and they even built a toilet at Darewadi village, 32 km from Pune, after they received a sponsorship from Ecosan Services Foundation. The cyclists aim to build 25 such toilets in this village as 70% of the village households do not possess their own toilets. Their expedition concluded recently in the city.Thomas Jakel, Johann Angermann, Erik Fahrmann, the three Germans and Maushami Chetty from South Africa are in Pune to raise funds through this expedition to initiate and execute the sanitation project in the village of Darewadi. Johann said, \"Our aim is to build minimum 25 toilets in the village.\" Chetty was part of the group but did not paddle with the Germans.The tour and project was the brainchild of entrepreneur Thomas Jakel after he holidayed in India in October last year. He said, \"I was always interested in water and sanitation issues and after visiting India, I decided to set up an NGO to initiate the project in India.\" Thomas also came up with the inspiring idea of creating awareness and funds for the project by cycling 10,000 km across ten countries. The 'Guts for Change' group then began their journey in April from Berlin and completed their cycling expedition in Pune.The Ecosan foundation assisted the German cyclists and chose the hamlet of Darewadi at Garade village located off Khed-Shivapur Road as the target site for the dry sanitation project, due to issues including open defecation and water scarcity being inherent within it.Erik said, \"Dry toilet is an innovation which does not use water to dispose of human waste. This is critical in a place like Darewadi which has very little rainfall and could put its scarce water resources for better use.\"The final leg of the expedition was organised on October 14 from Pune to Darewadi, which was also attended by 30 city cyclists who accompanied the Germans for the launching of the dry toilet at Darewadi. The last leg kicked off from Rajaram bridge and concluded in Darewadi.The German group plans to dedicate valuable time and finances in training the locals of Darewadi about the use of and care of the toilets. The Ecosan Foundation has been facilitating the training and setting up of the toilets for past eight months to Darewadi villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16922120", "title": "Police to be deployed in mufti to check minors buying liquor", "text": "KOCHI: Minors beware! The next time you stand in queue at a beverages outlet, you could be taken into custody. And in case you manage to buy a bottle, the manager of the outlet could be arrested under the Kerala Abkari Act, Kerala Police Act and Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act.Police personnel in mufti will be deployed in front of beverages outlets to keep track of minors who come to buy liquor. This decision was taken after state police chief K S Balasubramanian issued a directive to all district police chiefs asking them to take measures to prevent sale of liquor to people below 18 years.\"Instances of sale of liquor to those under 18 have been noticed at many outlets of the Beverages Corporation, bars and toddy shops. This menace spoils the younger generation,\" the police chief said. He has asked police to take action against offenders.Kochi deputy commissioner of police T Gopalakrishna Pillai said special police teams would monitor liquor outlets and bars.\"Support of local residents will also be ensured for this as part of the Janamaithri police scheme. An awareness campaign will be launched among student police cadets to collect information about outlets and agents who sell liquor to school students,\" he said. Offenders will be charged under section 15B of the Kerala Abkari Act, subsection (i) of section 118 of the Kerala Police Act, 2011 and section 25 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act.Violation of section 15B of the Kerala Abkari Act attracts a punishment with fine which may extent to Rs 5,000 or with imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years or both. Violation of sub-section (i) of section 118 of the Kerala Police Act, 2011, on conviction, is punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to three years or with fine not exceeding Rs 10,000, or both.Section 25 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act 2000, says that \"whoever gives, or causes to be given, to any juvenile any intoxicating liquor in a public place or any narcotic drug except upon the order of a duly qualified medical practitioner shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to three years and shall be liable to fine\".A survey conducted by the Kerala Sasthra Sahitya Parishath had found that a growing number of youngsters were falling prey to alcoholism. As per the survey, an average Keralite starts consuming alcohol at the age of 12.5. It also found that Keralites spent around Rs 15,000 crore per year on liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16922903", "title": "Cine actor Mahath quizzed about Dhayanidhi", "text": "MADURAI: The district police on Monday conducted inquiries with cine actor S Mahath (25) about the whereabouts of Union chemicals and fertilisers minister M K Alagiri's son, Durai Dhayanidhi, who is wanted by the police in the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying scam in Madurai.Mahath, who is based in Chennai, has acted in the recent Ajith-starrer Mangatha, which was produced by Dhayanidhi under his banner, Cloud Nine Movies. The actor was issued summons by the police last Friday to depose before the police for an inquiry. However, since he was away in Hyderabad, he reached Madurai on Monday and presented himself for the questioning.The inquiry, which began in the morning, went on till afternoon with senior police officials quizzing the actor. Police sources said that Mahath was questioned as he is said to be one of Dhayanaidhi's close friends. However, a senior police official from the district police said that the inquiry with Mahath did not yield any positive results, as he had told the police that he was not sure about Dhayanidhi's whereabouts.On October 7, police had questioned Dhayanidhi's wife Anusha and they have also been making inquiries with various other people in this connection.Earlier in the day, it was speculated that Suresh Kumar and Senthil Kumar, the sons of P R Palanisamy, the owner of PRP Granites Company, would be surrendering before the police. However, they failed to appear as expected. Madurai SP, V Balakrishnan said that they had received information that Suresh and Senthil were likely to surrender on Monday but they failed to turn up during the day.Meanwhile, the district crime police on Monday seized two buses belonging to Madura Granites. The granite company was recently raided by the officials on charges of illegal granite quarrying and its owner Panneer Mohammed was arrested by the police a few weeks back. Two days ago, police seized earthmovers and vehicles belonging to the granite company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920253", "title": "Kudankulam sparks \u2018nuclear winter\u2019, Putin defers visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a sudden and unexpected move, Russian President Vladimir Putin decided to postpone his much-awaited summit meet with PM Manmohan Singh by close to two months. The meet, which was scheduled to take place on November 1 and for which groundwork had been completed during deputy prime minister Dmitry Rogozin's visit to India last week, will now take place on December 24.The Russians conveyed to the ministry of external affairs (MEA) on Monday that Putin will not be able to visit India on November 1 because of some pressing \"domestic issue\". TOI had learnt on Friday that since Moscow was not pleased with the outcome of Rogozin's visit, Putin may decide to delay his India visit.MEA officials, however, seemed confident even until Friday that Putin would come for his day-long visit in November, even suggesting that talks of postponement could be rumours originating from across the border (Pakistan). Interestingly, Putin postponed what would have been his first visit to Pakistan last month apparently on a request from Indian authorities, who were concerned that the Pakistan visit may mar the atmospherics for India-Russia summit early next month. This had led to much heartburn in Pakistan, as obvious from reports in its media.\"The Russians conveyed to us that the president won't be able to come as scheduled but the positive thing is that we have been able to work out a new date,\" said an official.Rogozin had openly expressed displeasure with Indian policies on both the contentious issues of Kudankulam and Sistema after his talks with foreign minister S M Krishna, saying that rules of the game should not be changed before the game is over. As TOI had reported last week, the talks also saw India for the first time officially communicating to the Russians that any techno-commercial agreement for the third and fourth units at Kudankulam will have to take into account that these reactors are going to be covered by the nuclear liability law.While the Russians had been maintaining that the cost of the reactors will go up substantially if suppliers are made accountable for compensation, they were still hoping that the two sides would be able to circumvent, if not override, the liability provisions through some arrangement that will acknowledge Moscow's contribution to India's nuclear power industry even during times of adversity.Ahead of his visit, replying to a query from TOI, Rogozin had recalled how Russia supplied fuel to Tarapur in 2001 and 2006 even against \"the storm of Western criticism\". Compared to the US and France, Russia has also been more inclined to India's demand for transfer of enrichment and reprocessing technology. In fact, Rogozin said in the same interview that this aspect is fully covered under the 2010 agreement between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924383", "title": "Young girls propitiate Devi by dancing 'Dalkhai'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The traditional form of worshipping Goddess Durga through dance and music has started. Young unmarried girls (locally called kuanris) in Nuapada district are performing 'Dalkhai' - a traditional form exclusively performed during the puja - to worship the goddess.Dalkhai, though typical to western Odisha, is slowly losing its popularity. However, the entire Komna and parts of Khariar blocks in Nuapada have kept up the tradition. The dance is performed for 36 hours to the tunes of dhol (trumpet) and muhuri (flute).Every year, the dance is performed at a chosen spot, preferably near a river. The ritual starts in the early morning on Saptami. Young dancers, accompanied by musicians, collect sacred sand from the river bank and make idol of the goddess. They place the idol under a tree and worship it. After the rituals are over, they start dancing till evening the next day ( Ashtami). During the process, performers have to fast.According to Bana Khatri, a resident of Komna, this is a much coveted moment for girls here. \"The tradition dates back to primitive days and young girls feel sacred after worshipping Durga and dancing before Her,\" said Khatri.The dance form, which is also performed publicly, can be traced back to the old tradition practiced in Nuapada when untrained dancers used to perform in order to appease the Goddess. Considered as a folk dance, Dalkhai captivates audience if performed in the original form.A senior villager, Pitambar Letkabar, said over years, the original dance form has been distorted. \"One needs great devotion to perform this dance. The young girls perform the dance joyously and devotedly,\" said Letkabar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922646", "title": "Workshop held on corporate social responsibility, sustainable development", "text": "With a view to create awareness among the central public sector enterprises (CPSEs) for effective implementation of corporate social responsibility (CSR) and sustainable development (SD), a day-long workshop was recently organized by department of public enterprises, Union ministry of heavy industries and public enterprises, in association with Goa Shipyard Limited (GSL), at International Centre Goa, Dona Paula. The workshop was graced by O P Rawat, secretary, department of public enterprises (DPE), Union ministry of heavy industries and public enterprises, in the presence of Ashok Pavadia, joint secretary DPE, government of India, GSL's chairman and managing director RAdm Vineet Bakhshi, VSM, K L Dhingra - CMD, ITI Ltd, R N Patra - CMD, IREL and directors of the DPE. In all, 71 CPSE representatives, including executive directors, directors, general managers and senior executives from across the country attended the workshop. Addressing the gathering, Rawat called for a concerted effort in creating a broad road map for overall implementation of CSR and SD. He said the DPE is working with the concerned agencies for developing detailed guidelines on CSR and SD and the draft shall be shared with the CPSEs for their views and suggestions before promulgation.Closure of Banastarim bridge: The Banastarim bridge on NH 4-A will remain closed for all vehicular traffic on October 28, from 6.30am to 8.30am, for the purpose of inspection and recording of deck levels, states a press note issued by the department of information and publicity.Int'l year of faith ceremony at Old Goa: An impressive ceremony was held at the Basilica of Bom Jesus, Old Goa, on October 21 to usher in International Year of Faith from October 2012 to November 2013, as announced by Pope Benedict XVI . A statue of St Francis Xavier was brought out and placed at the entrance of the Basilica, where a large Sunday congregation assembled devoutly to participate in a ceremony conducted by the basilica's rector Fr Savio Barretto. \"The International Year of Faith is very important for Goa, specially for the Bom Jesus Basilica at Old Goa, because here lie the sacred relics of St Francis Xavier, who brought the Christian faith to the people of Goa,\" said Barretto. The brief ceremony was followed by a Eucharistic celebration in the basilica.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921001", "title": "Mysterious investors in Gadkari\u2019s group share \u2018fake\u2019 addresses", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as BJP president Nitin Gadkari has denied allegations of murky financial dealings and existence of shell companies among investors of Purti Group, skeletons keep tumbling out.According to records with the Registrar of Companies, three major shareholders of the group \u2014 Vidya Buildcon Private Ltd, Sanobar Infrastructure Private Ltd and Roller Multitrade Private Ltd \u2014 are registered in an office situated on the second floor of Shree Niwas House on Hazarimal Somani Marg in Fort, Mumbai.When TOI visited the site on Monday, it found that the office was the headquarters of various companies belonging to the Somani Group which is a well-known business group. Members of the Somani family and their employees present in the premises denied any knowledge regarding these firms. TOI also learnt that Gujarat Composite Ltd also operated from this office.Pradeep Vyas, a manager with Gujarat Composite Ltd, admitted that he had consented to the use of the office's address for these firms. Vyas clarified that the Bangar Group had nothing to do with the firms and that he had allowed the use of the address on the request of his \"friend\" Chandrasekhar Sarda, who is a chartered accountant. Sarda, when contacted, said he was in Kolkata. When asked about the owners and the directors of these firms, Sarda said these were investors based in Kolkata. \"We liaison for them for ROC requirements,\" he said. While claiming that the firms had not made any investments in the last two-three years, he said the firms did hold equity in the Purti Group.Sarda also made similar revelations for two other share holders \u2014 Ananthika Infrastructure Pvt Ltd and Cathy Infrastructure Private Ltd \u2014 shown registered at Motilal Wadia Building on SA Brelvi Road in Fort, Mumbai. Even these have Kolkata-based investors. Bimlesh (second name not known), Sarda's employee, initially agreed to mail details regarding share capital, names of directors, investment interests of these firms, among others but later retracted.Five other companies \u2014 Nivita Trades Private Limited; Swiftsol (India) Private Limited; Rigma Fintrade Private Limited; Ashwami Sales and Marketing Private Limited, and Earnwell Trades Private Limited \u2014 were registered in a slum, Dube Chawl on Andheri Kurla Road in Mumbai.TOI found that the room from which the firms were \"operating\" belonged to one S Tiwari, who was related to the land owner Ramesh Dube. Interestingly, four other shareholders \u2014 Jasika Mercantile Private Limited; Leverage Fintrade Private Limited; Regency Equifin Private Limited, and Chariot Investrade Private Limited \u2014 were registered in an under-construction building meant to rehabilitate the chawl residents under slum redevelopment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922280", "title": "Dasara amid 15,000 tonnes of muck", "text": "BANGALORE: It will be a despair-filled Dasara. The festival is upon us, and the BBMP's promise of ensuring a muck-free puja ring hollow.There is no respite from the stench, with garbage piling up at every road corner. The news that the BBMP managed to get the Mandur landfill reopened brought little relief. On Monday, garbage was lifted in some pockets, while heaps of waste continued to grow in RT Nagar, Viveknagar, Chamarajpet, Commercial Street, Shivajinagar and Benson Town.Though trucks were sent to Mandur to dump garbage late on Sunday night, the backlog of uncleared waste was 15,000 tonnes on Monday morning. Besides the daily generation of 4,000 tonnes of garbage, the city also has to contend with another 1,000 tonnes of festival wet waste every day.Compounding the problem would be holidays beginning Tuesday. In many areas, pourakarmikas did not turn up for work on Monday.\"For us, Ayudha Puja is a big festival. That's when we clean our vehicles and offer puja. We don't pick up garbage on this day. Truck drivers also want leave during the festival, and most contractors may not work on Tuesday,\" a garbage contractor told TOI on condition of anonymity.Admitting that lifting 15,000 tonnes of garbage in two days is impossible, he said: \"We cannot take trucks to S Bhangipura, where protests broke out on Sunday. Only 150 trucks could reach Mandur on Sunday night. There are limitations to the scale at which the landfill can be accessed. It's the sheer lack of planning that's making everyone suffer now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921634", "title": "Businessman hacked to death in Parry\u2019s", "text": "CHENNAI: A gang of six men hacked a textile businessman to death at Thambu Chetty Street in Parry's in full view of the public on Monday evening. The victim N Vijay Kumar, 54, was sitting on a bike parked in front of his shop when the gang encircled him and attacked him with sickles.Police suspect that the murder was the result of a land dispute. Vijay Kumar was also involved in real estate business, police said. A few residents saw the group confront Vijay Kumar near his office and house twice before. The gang was seen having a heated argument with Kumar near his office.The men came in two autorickshaws at 6pm, attacked him and fled.His family took him to Government General Hospital where he died without responding to treatment. With the help of information provided by eyewitnesses, police are looking for the gang. North Beach police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16924800", "title": "Kumbh visitors to get glimpse of Sangam city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: North Central Zone Cultural Centre (NCZCC) will organise 'Chalo Man Ganga Yamuna Teer' at the Mela grounds during Mahakumbh. In this connection, a one-day workshop will be organised at Allahabad Museum to discuss the programmes which would be showcased during Mahakumbh.Allahabad Museum director Rajesh Purohit said they would aim to present high quality programmes. A replica of mini India is being created on the banks of Sangam.Suggestions have also been sought from citizens, social activist and artists about the programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16923032", "title": "Old magazines at doctor clinic spread germs", "text": "LONDON: Do you often leaf through a glossy magazine while awaiting your turn at a doctor's clinic? Beware!Experts have warned that magazines in the waiting room can provide a welcome distraction before having to face the dentist, but they could do more harm than good by spreading germs, claim infection experts.They insist that magazines should be thrown out or recycled after just a week and not left out to be leafed through by patients for a very long time, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The UK's National Health Service (NHS) has handed out a warning to a dentist in Lyme Regis, Dorset.The dentist was warned that ignoring it could lead to her failing an inspection by the Care Quality Commission. Experts from Dorset Primary Care Trust have warned that Blu-tack on posters in her waiting room posed a health risk if re-used.The dentist, who has practised for more than 30 years, said: \"I can't believe the magazines would pose any risk to patients. We have some dating back to 2004. Generally we try to keep up-to-date but plenty of old magazines are quite interesting.\"The Care Quality Commission stressed that waiting areas should be kept clear of clutter.\"There is no specific requirement for practices to remove magazines within a specified period,\" a commission spokesman said.\"However, practice owners, as part of a regular cleaning schedule, should ensure that the magazines are in good condition and free from obvious contamination.\"This advice will be kept under review and may be modified in the event of any future community infection outbreaks,\" the spokesman said.The General Dental Council said it was heavy-handed to wage war on magazines. \"Providing magazines in waiting rooms for patients is a good way of helping them relax and can ease the concerns of anxious individuals,\" Dr John Milne, chairman of the organisation's general practice committee, said.He added that posters are used to give advice on oral health or provide information about the surgery and its services. Previously magazines were removed from some doctors' waiting rooms during the swine flu outbreak, the report said. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926125", "title": "Shafaq Naaz and Bharat Chawda to feature in Savdhaan India!", "text": "Life OK's Savdhaan India, India Fights Back creates a social awareness by Fetching true crime stories from the corners of the nations together for the audiences. Once again, two such stories are gearing up to hit the screen.As known that Savdhaan India is usually produced by different production houses, accordingly, the recent one to join in the bandwagon is Fremantle Media . Therefore one story is produced by Endemol India while the other is produced by Fremantle.The story which is produced by Endemol will have Bharat Chawda essaying the lead while Shafaq Naaz will portray the protagonist for Fremantle's episode.A source informing about the plot for these respective episodes quips, The Story plot featuring Shafaq Naaz is all about how a simple married girl gets into prostitute forcibly and how she fights back to get out of it.On the other hand, Endemol India will have Bharat Chawda essaying a fraud who keeps cheating on girls.When contacted, Shafaq Naaz confirmed the news while Bharat states, \"Yes, I am doing an episodic for Savdhaan India where I am essaying a guy named Vikas.\"Here we wish luck to the duo for their respective episodes!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16926777", "title": "Murli Manohar Joshi prefers to contest LS election from city", "text": "VARANASI: Bharatiya Janata Party leader Murli Manohar Joshi made it clear that the bond of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and BJP is forever.Denying the possibility of change in constituency in the next parliamentary elections, he said that if the party would ask him to contest elections I would contest from Varanasi and retain the seat.Reacting on recent meeting of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and RSS leadership, he told newspersons on Monday that when the issue of dual membership had been raised in past, many senior leaders like him had decided that they would not end relations with RSS.\"Whenever we need paramarsh (consultation) on any issue, we meet the RSS leadership. Modi's meeting was also the same,\" Joshi said. He said that participation of BJP chief Nitin Gadkari and other senior leaders like LK Adwani and Sushma Swaraj in electioneering was sufficient to make it clear that the BJP is standing solidly behind Modi.Condemning the National Water Policy (NWP) of UPA government, Joshi said that this policy is pro-multi national companies and anti-farmer as well as anti-people. He held it a conspiracy of UPA to give total command of the water sources to MNCs. The farmers would be deprived of water for irrigation.He said that the common man would have to pay huge amounts to get potable water. He called upon all the political parties to join hands to oppose this bid of UPA.Joshi said that in Varanasi, the result of excessive exploitation of groundwater by two MNCs is evident in two blocks, which have been declared as dark zones by the hydrology department, where the groundwater table had lowered up to 400 metres. This is a trailer while many MNCs are in queue to make entry for exploiting groundwater, said Joshi.\"When I met the villagers in Varanasi, they informed that due to decrease in groundwater table, many tubewells had stopped working. Farmers are facing difficulties to procure water for irrigation.He said that reports regarding sending of water of Ganga to Uttarakhand from many districts of the state had also been given to him. These practices should be stopped. He said that BJP's public representatives would raise the issue of water in State Assembly and Parliament. If needed, the BJP would come on roads with farmers to launch an agitation.Joshi held a meeting with IG GL Meena, district magistrate Saurabh Babu and SSP BD Paulson. He expressed concern over the increasing number of murder, loot and theft cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922753", "title": "Youth hangs himself in Sarojininagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 27-year-old youth committed suicide by hanging himself in his room late Sunday night. The incident was reported from Sarojininagar area on Monday morning.The deceased was identified as Sarvesh Kumar who hanged himself from the hook with a saree at around 9pm on Sunday in his room situated on the first floor of the house.According to Munnalal, deceased's father, Sarvesh used to earn his livelihood by driving a tempo. Sarvesh is survived by wife Radhika, a 7-year-old daughter named Lavi and 2-year-old son named Sonu. Sarvesh had not left behind any suicide note. Police are yet to ascertain the cause of his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920179", "title": "BJP renews demand for public holiday on Chhath", "text": "NEW DELHI: Once again BJP has raised its demand to declare a public holiday on Chhath Puja, which falls on November 19. With the assembly elections scheduled next year, the party wants to woo its Poorvanchali vote bank.BJP has asked its councillors in all the three municipal corporations to pass a resolution to declare Chhath a holiday, and even organized special Chhath melas this time. The East Delhi Municipal Corporation is going to pass a proposal in a house meeting on Tuesday.BJP had made a similar demand last year as well, but it was turned down by chief minister Sheila Dikshit . However, the party, which has not been in power in the state for nearly 14 years, is relying heavily on the support of Poorvanchalis to return to power. The community played a decisive role in BJP's victory in municipal elections in east Delhi, which is supposed to be a Congress bastion.According to Vijender Gupta, president, Delhi BJP, \"It is an important festival of Poorvanchalis. We need to respect the sentiments of this community. Over the years, the population Poorvanchalis has grown in the city. They have become an integral part of our city and we need to cater to their requirements.'' Sources say the poorvanchali population in the city is estimated to be about 30 lakh.On Tuesday, the East corporation will table a resolution to declare Chhath a public holiday. \"We are going to pass this proposal. For the first time, the corporation will organize Chhath melas in various parts of the city. We will also make special arrangements in municipal parks,'' said Mehak Singh, chairman of standing committee, East Delhi Municipal Corporation.BJP is once again on collision course with the government. Gupta said if the CM wants she can declare Chhath a public holiday. \"If the government wants it can do it. We have asked the corporations to declare it a holiday,'' added Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16921326", "title": "Dealers warn strike over police case against gas agency", "text": "JALANDHAR: Punjab unit of All India LPG Distributors Association has threatened to shut the gas agencies in Hoshiarpur district, alleging that a LPG dealer of Mahilpur has been falsely implicated by Chabbewal police in a case of pilfering LPG from cylinders, after she refused to oblige the SHO, who had demanded five cylinders without any turn.The dealers have submitted an application to SSP, Hoshiarpur, levelling allegations against the SHO and his subordinates on Monday, who has entrusted an inquiry to Chabbewal DSP Kulwant Singh Heer.However, SHO Kulwant Singh Randhawa has rubbished the allegations stating that they had caught seven employees of Bajrang Gas Agency red-handed when they were transferring gas from filled cylinders to empty cylinders. They had named owner Shobha Rani in this regard, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16921852", "title": "NH-24 decongestion hits roadblock", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority's plan to streamline traffic movement from Noida to NH-24 via Sector 62 and towards Delhi and Ghaziabad seems to have hit a roadblock. The Authority, which is constructing an underpass near the Model Town police chowki and four cloverleaves along NH-24, is yet to get a written approval from the CISF for the cloverleaves. The CISF has a camp close to the spot proposed for the cloverleaves and owns part of that land. For the construction work to begin, the Authority and the CISF authorities need to complete a joint survey of the proposed spot.However, the survey has been delayed on two previous occasions since the Authority and CISF officials could not agree on a schedule.The Noida Authority has already finalized financial and technical bids for construction of the underpass at the Model Town crossing on NH-24 that aims to decongest the stretch between Noida and Ghaziabad on the highway. As per the initial plan, construction work on the project was to have already begun. A consultant has also been appointed by the Authority already to chalk out the plans along with the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI).However, the Authority has now sent details of the underpass and the cloverleaves to the CISF officials and hopes to schedule the joint survey soon. \"All planning, design and tender formalities for the underpass are already complete. Tender formalities for the cloverleaves can be completed only after the joint inspection. We could not inspect the spot on the previous two occasions as the CISF authorities were busy at the time but we hope to wrap it up next week. Construction work on the complete project should begin latest by November this year,\" an Authority official said.In a bid to regulate traffic on the NH 24-Model town crossing, the Authority has decided on the four loops, two on either side of the national highway, to ensure that all commuters on the NH-24 can avoid traffic snarls. It has also planned to construct a roundabout just ahead of the Model Town crossing (at the expo centre crossing near the Sector 62-63 service lane).Of the two loops that will be made for commuters going towards Ghaziabad, one is proposed to be constructed on land belonging to CISF. \"While CISF has granted an in-principle approval for the project, the Authority will only be able to get the land transferred after the joint survey and a written approval from CISF,\" the Authority official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924576", "title": "State FM warns against NBFCs", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha finance minister Prasanna Acharya on Saturday warned people not to deposit money with non-banking financial companies and chit funds and encouraged them to invest in government-recognised financial schemes.The finance minister's warning came close on the heels of the state government constituting a committee, headed by finance secretary JK Mohapatra, to protect the interests of small depositors. The committee shall work at strengthening regulatory and supervisory co-operation between central and state agencies for cracking the whip on unscrupulous financial institutions.Acharya's concern corroborates the growing resentment among people, who suffered huge losses by investing in unrecognized financial companies. In recent past, several incidents of fly-by-night operators duping people, especially in small towns, through chit funds, multi-level marketing schemes and money circulation schemes have come to the fore.The frequency of such fraudulent deals has been particularly high in Balasore. The crime branch of Odisha Police has in recent months raided several such companies and registered cases against them.At a function here, Acharya said the government is encouraging small-time depositors by increasing cash prizes to them. The total prize money has been hiked from Rs 50 lakh to Rs 51 lakh, and the first prize will be Rs 4-5 lakh. which includes between Rs four lakh and Rs five lakh for the first prize winner", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921246", "title": "Stage set for D-Day, Navratri revelry ends", "text": "MUMBAI: Nine nights of Navratri revelry will come to a grand finale with Wednesday's festival of Dussehra as the country celebrates the victory of Lord Ram over Ravan.Mathura's Sarveshwar Ramleela Mandali will enact the final episode of the Ramleela at Azad Maidan on Wednesday.\"The programme starts at 5pm and ends by 7pm. A 30-ft effigy of Ravan and Meghnad will be burnt after which Lord Ram will meet his brother Bharat and ascend the throne of Ayodhya with Sita,\" said Subhash Chaturvedi. The artistes return home the following day.At Ghatkopar's Somaiya ground, dandiya organizer Jitendra Mehta and an NGO will join hands to burn \"the Ravan of addiction\". The demon's ten heads will be made from gutka and pan masala packets.Perhaps the largest gathering of devotees assembles at Shirdi's Saibaba temple. Dussehra marks the ascension of the well-loved saint whose assurance 'why fear when I am here' motivates people to this day. Lakhs attend the four-day festivities, in fact, thousands travel from Mumbai to join the 'palkhi' procession.\"2012 marks 94 years since Sai's departure. From Tuesday to Friday, we will host a series of pujas, aartis and kirtans throughout day and night,\" said spokesperson Kishore More.Temple representative Mohan Yadav said, \"The Dwarkamai temple will remain open on the intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday while the Samadhi Mandir will be open the following night. Over 1.5 lakh worshippers arrive on Dussehra while 35,000 partake of the sumptuous festival bhog. In fact, the food is so delicious that people choose to eat here rather than five-star hotels.\"It is on Dussehra that police officials, defence personnel and workmen worship their weapons and the tools of their trade.\"Tuesday will be spent cleaning and polishing the arms for the 9am ritual on Wednesday . We smear vermilion upon the weapons and offer marigold flowers and coconuts,\" said an officer of Tardeo's local arms unit II. At NM Joshi Marg, senior inspector Sudhakar Ghagre has invited a pandit to worship the AK-47 guns in their cache.Dassera is when all of India offers gratitude to cattle and modes of transport, including horses. On Wednesday evening, 15-20 children of the Amateur Riders Club (ARC) at Mahalaxmi Race Course will participate in the 'ashwa pooja' and then bring out their steeds for a stunning fancy dress show.\"The aarti and garlanding ritual teaches the children to respect and honour their horses,\" said ARC president Raj Shroff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922792", "title": "State government sounds alert as dengue cases rise", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state health department on Monday sounded an alert on the dreaded dengue fever. The announcement was made by the health and family welfare minister Ahmad Hasan at the Samajwadi Party office after the Janata Darbar. Dengue has already affected more than 500 persons in the neighbouring Delhi. The alert came a day after Bollywood filmmaker Yash Chopra died of dengue on Sunday.According to official reports, about 75 persons have tested positive to dengue in UP, while a man died due to the dengue shock syndrome in Ghaziabad since the onset of the season in September. What's worrying is that 68 of these cases have been reported in October. Doctors at malaria control unit, UP, said majority of the cases have been reported from west UP. They, however, said dengue cases coming to fore in encephalitis affected districts, particularly Gorakhpur, are a disturbing trend.In Lucknow, six patients have been confirmed to be suffering with dengue. Chief medical officer (CMO) Dr SNS Yadav said three of these patients are undergoing treatment at King George's Medical University while the remaining are admitted to Vivekananda Polyclinic. \"They all are fine now,\" claimed Dr Yadav. No dengue cases have been reported at the three main hospitals of the city - Balrampur, Ram Manohar Lohia and Civil - authorities claimed. But the number of cases is certainly higher than the official figures. Dr HN Tripathi, consultant physician with a private hospital, says that some 20 dengue positive patients are undergoing treatment at his centre. \"Though I agree that around 70% of these cases got the infection from National Capital Region where they work or study, the remaining 30% are from the city,\" he told TOI. \"Those undergoing treatment at our hospital hail from posh areas like Gomtinagar and Indiranagar which appear to me as dengue pockets mainly because of the ongoing construction work,\" he added.CMO, however, said that the situation was in control. \"We had undertaken massive campaign to check the population of vectors in the city. But it is not easy for us to control the mosquito that causes dengue because it breeds in fresh water and at spots which are inside the homes. Instead, people have to ensure their safety by keeping their homes clean,\" he said. He added that in order to take stock of the situation, all government and private hospitals have been directed to maintain a record of such patients and keep the CMO office control posted.\" We will rope in Lucknow Nursing Homes Association and Indian Medical Association for better control,\" CMO said.Prevention against dengue though is very simple. Do not let water water stagnate inside or near the house. \"The mosquito causing dengue breeds in fresh water. Therefore, water coolers, old tyres and, broken utensils, earthen pots should be thrown away. If coping with waterlogging is difficult, spraying insecticides helps. Since dengue mosquito bites during the day, it is best to use repellents and wear full clothes,\" said Dr PK Gupta, a medico associated with health awareness programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16921398", "title": "Banasthali: FIR on rape likely to be closed", "text": "JAIPUR: Failing to substantiate the allegations of rape of two girls at Banasthali Vidyapeeth, which led to a virtual seizure of the university by over 5,000 girls 20 days ago, the police are likely to close the case and file a final report (FR) in the court. The FIR lodged in this regard will be closed by the police due to lack of evidence, said sources.So far, all efforts to identify the two girls who alleged rape did not yield any results. On Monday, members of State Women's Commission, who submitted an interim report on the student unrest to chief minister Ashok Gehlot , had claimed that the police had been lenient in booking the two men accused of molestation at the university. A team of National Women's Commission visited Tonk on Tuesday and recorded statement of an ambulance driver who was arrested on molestation charges. The team members spoke with university authorities and police also.\"We have recorded the statement of 171 witnesses including the girls, university staff and residents of areas near the university campus. None of them have come forward and told us that the rape incident took place,\" said a senior police officer.The officer said that a signboard has also been put up near the university campus with an appeal that anyone having the knowledge of the alleged rape should come forward without any fear. \"We had assured that the name of the person giving any information in this regard will be kept a secret. But despite that no one came forward,\" said the officer.He added that the police had also sought records of the girls who were on leave and tried to speak with them. They also sought records of the hospital on the campus. \"We checked where any girl had been referred to any other hospital. This too could not be proved,\" said the officer.Police had even distributed pamphlets in some classrooms asking girls to come forward if they have any information about the rapes or the victims' identity.Police had lodged three FIRs - one against a hostel warden for locking up girls, another against an ambulance driver for molesting a student and third on the rape allegations leveled by the agitating girls.\"The next hearing in the molestation case is on September 30. We will try to file the chargesheet against the ambulance driver Nehru on that day only. However, if any evidence suggesting rape with two girls did not come up, we will be forced to file a final report (FR) in this particular FIR and close the case in near future. However, the case is open as of now,\" said the officer.SP, Tonk, S Parimala said that investigation is still on. Over 5,000 girls demonstrated on the campus on October 4 alleging rape of two students - one pursuing BTech and the other studying in Class XI. As per the allegations, one of the victims was referred to SMS Hospital where she died. Neither the victims, nor their family members have, so far, come forward to substantiate the claims made by the protesting students.Aspects yet to be coveredPolice are yet to investigate why 237 students left the university in two monthsPolice have yet not recorded statement of the girls who allegedly went on leaveStatement of only 171 people recorded in 20 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921350", "title": "Citizens can lodge plaint against drivers using tariff card photocopy", "text": "MUMBAI: State transport commissioner V N More has announced that it will be considered illegal if auto or taxi drivers carry photocopies of tariff cards. If passengers found a driver using a photocopy, they could lodge a complaint with traffic police or RTO, he said.To check rampant misuse of fudged tariff cards used to fleece passengers, the RTO has made it mandatory that all auto drivers will have to carry original white cards for electronic meters and blue for mechanical ones that will bear the RTO seal and signatures of the MMRTA chairman and secretary. Cabbies must carry blue cards.On Monday, an official from transport commissioner's office said, \"The photocopy tariff cards will now be treated as bogus or fake. If any driver is caught with one, we will fine him and for a repeat offender, we will suspend his permit.\" He added RTOs, Tardeo, Andheri and Wadala, have launched drives on unauthorized tariff cards; till Monday, nearly 200 drivers have been booked for not carrying proper cards or displaying them in their vehicles, as authorized by the RTO.The RTO has made it mandatory for all auto drivers to carry the yellow colour tariff card bearing the RTO seal and signatures of MMRTA chairman and secretary. Similarly, cabbies will have to carry the original blue colour cards.Officials hope to phase out all fake tariff cards in a month. By November 25, all e-meters in autos are expected to be recalibrated and after that, the actual fares will be displayed, which will help in removing the confusion over the fare rates.\"This seems to be a temporary day. We are certain that all autos will switch to e-meters by November 25 and then you just need to check the meter reading, which will show the exact fares,\" a Tardeo RTO official said. \"Once the recalibration is done, it will be much easier to check the fares directly on meter than refer a tariff card.Also, if you notice that the distance displayed on screen is inflated, you would know the meter had been tweaked.\"The RTO, with IIT engineers, is conducting a research to make e-meters foolproof. More wants to ensure no mechanic can tweak the devices easily. \"If anyone tries to do so, the meter's program should hang and display Error message,\" he said. He is also introducing a bi-lingual tariff card, with the script in both English and Marathi, in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16923917", "title": "Forest dept's solar fences fail to deter wild animals", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The forest department's innovative solar-powered fencing project to stop wild animals from straying into agriculture fields and farmlands bordering forests has met with limited success.The department has erected 45 km of solar fencing in several stretches around the Wayanad sanctuary, to prevent wild animals from entering the paddy fields, coffee estates, coconuts groves and tribal settlements near the forest.It has been envisaged that wild animals, coming into contact with the fence, would get a shock generated through high-voltage pulses, deterring them from entering the settlements and farmlands.\"Though they were effective initially, we have now found that these fences were snapped at several places, and the elephants are breaking into the farm area once again,\" said a senior forest official posted at the Wayand wildlife sanctuary.Forest officials said these fences required regular maintenance and full-time watchers were to be appointed to repair them.\"At many places, the fences have become ineffective as wild creepers have short-circuited the power and quite often the fences are breached when elephants, in a fit of rage, damage them,\" said an official.Last year, 10 people were killed in wild elephant attacks, and several other farmers lost lakhs of rupees worth farm-produce as these pachyderms repeatedly trampled their fields.\"Even the trenches dug to prevent elephants from entering the farms have got filled. The trenches are not a fool-proof method,\" said Dhanesh Kumar, district forest officer in Wayand.Senior forest officials said innovative solutions should be created to stop the increasing man-animal conflict in the buffer zone of all wildlife parks and sanctuaries in the state.\"These buffer zones were once dense forests and an integral part of the wildlife movement. But over the years, they became human settlements and forest lands were converted into farmlands. But the wild animals, like elephants, use these passages instinctively to move from one part of the forest to the other as these routes have been ingrained in their memory. Moreover, they enter the farmlands as there is good fodder now,'' said Raja Raja Verma, principal chief conservator of forests.Forest officials recommended changing the crop pattern to flower-crops from food crops that the elephants like.\"If there is just one or two families staying in the buffer zone, blocking the wildlife movement, then the state should think of rehabilitating the families instead of putting them in constant life-threatening situations,'' the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16920842", "title": "Qualifiers Indian FC oust champs Egyptian Boys", "text": "MUMBAI: Qualifiers Indian FC continued in their rich vein of form as they stunned defending champions Egyptian Boys by a narrow 1-0 margin in the men's semifinals of 13th Kalina Football League (KFL).Pawan Rawat scored all-important goal for the winners. In the other semifinal, Kalina Village Boys blanked Kalina Rangers 2-0. Trevor Carvalho and Sheldon Sharma netted one goal each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16924361", "title": "Durga Puja brings together Hindu, Muslim, Christian in Kandhamal", "text": "Berhampur: Kandhamal, a predominantly tribal district, made it to the headlines of newspapers during the 2008 ethno-communal violence, but Simanbadi, a village in Daringibadi block of the district, presents a rare picture of communal harmony during Durga puja. The Baniks Sangha in the village has been celebrating a four-day community Durga puja, involving Hindus, Muslims and Christians, for the last 25 years.Sadhu Nayak, a catholic Christian and president of the 22-member Durga puja committee, was busy preparing for the puja that would commence from Mahanavami on Tuesday. Other members of his community, including the Muslims, were all extending their helping hand.''We celebrate festivals like Durga puja, Christmas and Id with cooperation of people cutting across religions,'' said Sadhu. There are three Muslims families in the village, which has a population of over 3,000. Hindu and Christian families make up the rest of the population.\"Before celebrating Durga puja, we invite local heads of all religions, including a priest and a father of a church, to attend the preparatory meeting,\" said Sushant Kumar Pradhan, chairman of Daringibadi panchayat samiti and a member of the puja committee. He is a Christian.\"There is great bonhomie here among people belonging to different communities and faiths,\" he said.A local Muslim said, \"Although we do not perform any ritual during the puja, we share the gaiety and fervour with the Hindus.\"The puja committee has lined up several entertainment programmes during the period. A play, produced by locals, an orchestra and folk dance programmes would also be staged. Immersion will take place on October 26.Claiming the village as a model on communal harmony, Manoranjan Badatya, a Hindu who is the treasurer of the committee, said they visited houses of villagers, belonging to other faiths, during festivals like Christmas and Id. When the entire district was burning in communal violence in the aftermath of killing of VHP leader Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati on August 23, 2008, Simanbadi remained calm. The riots claimed 40 lives and rendered over 20,000 homeless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16922811", "title": "When Kalyan was a Jewish colony", "text": "MUMBAI: Bombay's history, like the history of most cities by the sea, is inked in blue. Traders arrived by water, colonised and rearranged the land, and as colonisers are wont to do, recast it in their own image, beginning with that elemental grain of identify\u2014faith. While most historical tracts burrow into the economic, social and cultural realities of the Portuguese and British campaigns in the islands and adjacent mainland of Salcette, few observe the simultaneous politics of religion that occupied the times. Fr Benny Aguiar hopes to build up that lean body of historiography, with his recent book The Making of Mumbai: A History of the Metropolis and its Catholic Past.The historian, now 86, has himself come to reside by the sea near Bandstand in a sanctuary for ailing and aged Catholic priests called Clergy Home. Outside, the sea trashes about like a pack of demons. Fr Aguiar, despite a recent illness that twice hospitalised him, shows no fatigue; instead he picks out details from his brain as efficiently as if he were fishing them out of a filofax.\"In the 2nd century AD, Pantenus, a Stoic philosopher arrived from Alexandria to argue the merits of Christianity with the Brahmans. In Kalyan, he found a copy of the Gospel of Mathew in Hebrew, in the handwriting of the evangelist himself,\" narrates Fr Aguiar. In his book, he goes to say that the Gospel had been brought to India by Jesus' apostle Bartholomew. However, Kalyan lost this invaluable heirloom when Pantenus pocketed it on his return to Egypt. Why did Bartholomew trek to Kalyan in the first place? Presumably because it was originally a Jewish colony, Fr Aguiar writes.A distance runner in the fields of journalism and history, Fr Aguiar was the second Indian editor of The Examiner, the 162-year-old Catholic current affairs weekly. He led the magazine for 31 years, while writing also for international publications like The Tablet and National Catholic Reporter. He started to research the Christian history of Bombay and Salcette 10 years ago, when he embarked on a serialised account of it for the religious periodical, Awaken in Faith. \"I continued researching the subject even after I stopped writing for the magazine, and eventually took the manuscript to St Paul's, which published the book.\"Specialised as it may be, his research disinters several long-forgotten facts of Christian life in the islands and their surrounds. He illuminates the missionary efforts of the 15th-century Franciscans, who came in on the coattails of the Portuguese colonists and started to proselytise with speed. \"It is said that every missionary converted three to four hundred persons every year. This may be an exaggeration, but the fact remains that by the 17th century, the whole of the population: kunbis (peasant farmers), kolis (fishermen), bhandaris (toddy tappers) and agris (salt pan workers), were Christianised,\" according to Fr Aguiar.While Salcette was the site of feverish church-building, the islands of Bombay in 1630 had four main churches: NS da Esperanca on Bombay Island proper, NS da Salvacao at Dadar, St Michael's at upper Mahim and NS da Gloria at Mazagon. Incidentally, of the four, the church of Our Lady of Expectation\u2014which, in a series of relocations, was ultimately moved right off the map\u2014was originally fixed in the centre of the plot on which CST now stands. Not all their churches were movable; one of the caves of Kanheri that housed the chapel of St Michael stayed put, but it was the priests who eventually decamped.Where there were churches, there was conversion. \"Conversion was chiefly effected by persuasion, not coercion,\" says Fr Aguiar, alluding to the fringe benefits of orphanages and schools built for those who switched lanes to Christianity and also better employment opportunities for those who came recommended by the religion and its attendant education.Adept as they were in 'faith'craft, Christian missionaries were wholly unprepared for the censer to swing back at them when the British came along and rolled out similar sops to those willing to convert to Protestantism. If that wasn't bad enough, schismatic forces were busy dividing Christianity itself, as parishes and people split ranks between Portugal and Rome, or Padroado and Propaganda, as the two jurisdictions were called. It was around this time (in 1794) that Christians in Bombay were allowed to elect their own priests, subject to the Governor's vote. Hell naturally broke loose, even if it did lead to the erection of new churches, one of which was the church of Our Lady of the Rosary in Mazagon.As Fr Aguiar's research has shown, the Christian history of Bombay was not without its intrigues and counter strikes. Do they continue to exist? Only a future book will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922519", "title": "'Kidnapped' girl refuses medical examination", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The 15-year-old girl who was \"kidnapped\" in Faridkot last month and taken to Goa has refused to undergo medical examination, police said on Monday.Punjab police chief Sumedh Singh Saini said, \"She did not agree to the medical examination at Goa saying that she is married to Nishan Singh (who allegedly abducted her on September 24 in Faridkot),\" he said. The accused and the girl, who were traced to Goa on Sunday, will be presented before a magistrate at Faridkot Tuesday morning.A Punjab police team, which has been camping in Goa for the last few days, along with Goa counterparts traced 21-year-old Nishan Singh and the girl to Baga beach around 4.30pm Sunday. He said the Bathinda range IG N S Dhillon had met the parents of the girl on Sunday after she was found, but they allegedly expressed reluctance to accept her.On the award of 5 lakh announced by the Punjab government recently for information about the prime accused, Saini said it had become infructuous as police arrested the accused along with the girl from Goa.It took time to reach the main culprit as police had been conducting raids at several places in different parts of the country, Saini said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16925147", "title": "Pankaj Udhas to make his acting debut soon", "text": "Legendary gazal and playback singer, Pankaj Udhas is soon going to venture into some other prospects. He is soon going to make his acting debut in a Marathi movie. The film is titled 'Thoda Tujha Thoda Majha' and was launched recently in Pune.Ajinkya Deo, Varsha Usgaonkar, Sulbha Deshpande, Ashok Samarth and popular Bollywood actor Anupam Kher were present at the venue. This is the debut film of singer Pankaj Udhas.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "16921124", "title": "No mass immunization in encephalitis-hit areas in last 2 yrs", "text": "GORAKHPUR: With 3,000 cases of encephalitis reported in eastern India so far this year, the bulk of future government efforts will be centred around prevention through better water and sanitation. In the interim, though, it is medical science that is at the forefront of the fight against encephalitis, but is unfortunately sorely compromised.For one, the central government appears unable to make up its mind about how to go about administering the vaccine against Japanese Encephalitis. JE, which is a vector-borne disease that spreads primarily through mosquitoes, was before 2005 estimated to be the source of at least 40-50% of the region's encephalitis cases, says Dr K P Kushwaha, principal of the BRD Medical College and Hospital in Gorakhpur, ground zero for the fight against the disease.So in 2006, the central government conducted a mass vaccination drive, using a Chinese-made vaccine. \"The proportion of JE in the total cases fell to 28% in 2006, 14% in 2007 and 18-19% in 2009-10,\" says Dr Kushwaha. In 2010, there was another round of mass immunization and the proportion of JE has further fallen. But there has been no further mass immunization in the last two years, something public health campaigners decry.\"The vial of the vaccine clearly says that three doses need to be administered 365 days apart,\" says Dr R N Singh, a Gorakhpur-based paediatrician, and a long-time campaigner for a stronger governmental response to the disease. \"Even the WHO says that two doses need to be given. It is just unacceptable that the government hasn't taken up JE vaccination the way polio was taken up,\" he adds.In 2010, JE vaccination was made part of routine immunization, at least on paper. In practice, the government does not buy and supply even a fraction of the quantity needed for the affected districts, said a public health official familiar with the process, who spoke on condition of anonymity. None of the parents of the children admitted in the hospital said that their child had been vaccinated in the last two years. Gorakhpur DM Ravi Kumar NG said that another mass immunization round could be held later this year.\"A Hyderabad-based pharmaceutical company is in the process of developing an Indian JE vaccine,\" says Dr Milind Gore who heads the National Institute of Virology's Gorakhpur research unit. \"It should be available soon.\"The NIV is also working at isolating a few of the hundreds of enteric viruses that could potentially be causing Acute Encephalitis Syndrome (AES), now responsible for close to 95% of encephalitis cases. While Thailand now has a vaccine against one enterovirus (EV71), this virus has not been found in Indian cases, says Dr Kushwaha, meaning that India will likely have to develop its own vaccine for its endemic enteroviruses.Simultaneously, while a new 100-bed encephalitis hospital is coming up at the BRD Medical College, the volume of cases the hospital deals with every day means that the government is involved in a hopeless game of catch-up.\"Even if people come forward to donate ventilators or beds, I will have to turn them away because I do not have enough staff to man even the number I have right now,\" says Dr Kushwaha.Overworked postgraduate medical students, some of them on hour 20 of their shifts, and two children sharing beds even in the ICUs are proof of the acute shortage of medical and para-medical staff that the hospital faces. The hospital technically has enough specialists for 60 beds only, as opposed to the 222 beds it has, and the 4-500 patients on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "16926074", "title": "Youngsters groove to dandiya", "text": "DUGRI: Students sharing a passion for dancing had a great time together while they danced dandiya and garba to traditional beats at a dance academy in Durgi, Phase II, on Monday.Shilpi Gupta, manager of the dance academy, said, \"The motive for organizing a dandiya evening was to bring the younger generation closer to their culture and tradition.Moreover, they got to learn a traditional folk art which generally takes a backseat when these kids come to learn dancing.\"It was indeed a delight to see the students synchronize their steps on 'garba' songs like 'Dholi taro' and 'Rangilo maaro'.12-year-old Dikshita, a resident of Gill Road, said, \"It was great fun to dance with colourful dandiya sticks. We worked very hard to match our steps and present a synchronized dance performance to the beats of traditional Gujarati music. All in all it was an awesome experience.\"One of the participant, Pragiti Gupta, a homemaker from Central Town on Pakhowal Road, said, \"Learning about any new culture is always exciting. I have friends from the Gujarati community and I am sure they were thrilled to see me dance to their traditional songs.\"Shifu Kaur, mother of 12-year-old Dashamnoor Kaur and resident of Basant Avenue, said, \"I wanted my daughter to learn the dance form as Navaratra celebrations are incomplete without dandiya and garba. I am very proud of these children as they were dancing very gracefully.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16932961", "title": "Apple unveils 7.9-inch iPad mini at $329", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apple on Tuesday unveiled iPad Mini, a smaller version of the original iPad, with a 7.9-inch touchscreen, starting at $329.iPad Mini runs on dual-core A5 processor, FaceTime HD camera and 5MP iSight camera (with1080p recording). This tablet will compete with the likes of Google Nexus 7, Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 and Amazon Kindle Fire HD.The company also refreshed the regular iPad, launched in March this year and made it faster and added the new 8-pin Lightening dock, which was introduced in September with iPhone 5.The tablet now also runs on a brand new A6X processor, which provides it with twice the CPU and graphics processing capabilities. It can now work on 4G LTE networks and Wi-Fi, and still offers the same 10 hours of promised battery life.The new iPad Mini runs on iOS 6 and features the 8-pin Lightning dock. Battery back-up of the all-new Apple iPad Mini will be 10 hours, same as that of the full-sized iPad.According to Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, iPad Mini has 35% extra screen space than routine 7-inch tablets, its current rivals. Since iPad Mini has the same screen resolution, all existing apps for iPad will run smoothly.Apple is offering the Wi-Fi only iPad Mini in 16, 32 and 64GB capacities at $329, $429 and $519 respectively. For the 4G-compatible versions of the device, users will have to shell out an additional $130 for each variant. iPad mini and ipad 4G will be up for pre-orders on Oct 26. The Wi-Fi versions will start shipping on November 2, while the cellular-enabled models will hit the shelves two weeks later.Apple also refreshed its computer line-up today by unveiling new versions of iMac, 13-inch MacBook Pro and Mac mini.Before his death, Apple founder Steve Jobs had in 2010 vehemently opposed the idea of a smaller iteration of the Apple's tablet, though company documents have revealed that he warmed up to the idea later on.However, 7-inch tablets have done well in the market and gained traction worldwide, specially at lower price points. In India, the market for budget tablets is booming and many companies have 7-inch Android tablets priced at under Rs 10,000.The launch of iPad Mini indicates that Apple is changing its strategy with respect to lower-priced Android tablets. Samsung tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 is the highest priced tablet among the competitors of iPad Mini and costs approximately Rs 28,000, a price point that Apple's small tablet is unlikely to hit. It is positioned in the $350 segment, where the 7-inch Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 is at present. If Apple maintains this pricing for India, then it would be offering a new, technologically up-to-date product to consumers at a lower price than its bitter rival.Another challenger for Apple iPad Mini is Google Nexus 7, which is expected to cost less than Rs 20,000 in India. Apple iPad Mini might lose some customers to Google due to its higher pricing, which would put the iPad Mini out of reach of the segment that prefers lower-priced tablets. But with its cutting edge features, the iPad Mini may entice a new segment of buyer that prefers iPad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "16924598", "title": "Rourkela ex-army man murder: Two held", "text": "ROURKELA: Sundergarh police, on Sunday, arrested two persons and recovered arms and other materials from their possession, in connection with the murder of an ex-serviceman and loot in his house that took place on Friday evening.The arrested persons have been identified as Rajesh Jaipuria, a native of Bargaon and Aman Barma alias Raju Saraf. Police also recovered Rs 8810 cash, two pistols, a rifle, 11 catriges, gold and silver ornaments, all looted from the house of the victim and a two-wheeler and two cell phones used by the accused in the crime. Police claimed that other accused persons involved in this case would be nabbed soon.On Friday evening at about 6.45 pm, some unknown motorcycle-borne miscreants opened fire at the ex-serviceman Nishakar Narang and his wife Ilabati in front of their house at Beldihipara under Bargaon police station of the district. Nishakar died on the spot where as his wife Ilabati was critically injured. The miscreants also looted some gold and silver ornaments, cash worth Rs 10,000 and two licensed guns and a few cartridges from their house. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920007", "title": "North Delhi Municipal Corporation to rejig wards for efficiency", "text": "NEW DELHI: Of the three corporations, North Delhi Municipal Corporation is the most affected by trifurcation. The ruling BJP claims it has not been able to streamline the functioning of zonal offices as around 20 wards were transferred from their respective zones, which has led to uneven division of work.To rectify this \"anomaly\", the North corporation has constituted a committee to reorganize the 104 wards among six zones. The revised plan will be submitted to the Delhi government-appointed Director Local Bodies (DLB), responsible for coordination between the civic agencies.\"We are having difficulty in performing our day-to-day tasks. The records have not yet been transferred from one zone to another. As a result, people are having a tough time locating records related to property tax, trade licences, etc,\" said Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the house, North corporation.Nagpal claims that while dividing municipal wards between North and South corporations, DLB had transferred many wards which were part of Najafgarh zone to Rohini.\"We have decided to rework the distribution of wards. We will submit the revised plan to DLB for clearance,\" said Nagpal.There are 30 wards in Civil Lines zone, seven in city zone, 15 in Karol Bagh and eight in Sadar Paharganj.\"Najafgarh is part of the South corporation, but Rohini is burdened with additional wards. There are 34 wards in Rohini zone in contrast to 10 in Narela. Eight wards were transferred from Rohini to Civil Lines zone. Now, people have to travel long distances to get their work done. Zonal offices need to be nearby for prompt redressal of people's grievances,\" added Nagpal.Officials say uneven distribution of wards is affecting work as there is a shortage of staff and equipment.\"We don't have enough staff to do routine work. The data is still being transferred,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16924936", "title": "Maradona arrives to tumultuous welcome", "text": "KANNUR: Soccer legend Diego Maradona arrived here to a tumultuous welcome from thousands of football crazy fans from all over the state.The Argentine World Cup winning captain is in the State for tomorrow's inauguration of a new showroom of Boby Chemmanur International Jewellers and Airlines, for which he is the brand ambassador.Maradona, on a two-day trip to the state, arrived by a chartered helicopter from Nedumabassery International airport at Kochi.Tight security was in place in the city, which saw a festive atmosphere with hundreds of fans pouring in from Kozhikode, Malappuram and Kasargod districts.About 2000 police personnel were enlisted for security. Maradona, who led Argentina to a World Cup triumph in 1986, waved to the crowds after landing at Kannur, a city which has hosted many international and national soccer tournaments.The FIFA player of the 20th century along with Pele in 2000, had come to India once before for a function in Kolkata in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921945", "title": "Bhavsinh Rathod likely to join Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: BJP MLA from Sami, Bhavsinh Rathod, is likely to join the Congress soon. Senior Congress leaders are in touch with Rathod.Rathod, according to sources, has locked horns with Radhanpur MLA Shanker Chaudhary who is said to be close to chief minister Narendra Modi . Chaudhary had reportedly asked Rathod to find some other constituency other then those bordering Sami. Sami constituency has been deleted in the delimitation process.Rathod had sought a seat in the nearby constituency. He was adamant for Deodar seat on which Liladhar Vaghela is already in the fray. The party high command asked him to work a compromise with Vaghela. This led to heated argument between Vaghela, Chaudhary and Rathod.Rathod even threatened Chaudhary that he would ensure that he does not win the election. He told him that he would contest either from Gujarat Parivartan Party or even as independent. But he was then contacted by senior Congress leaders who promised him a seat of his choice, sources said, adding that a proposal was sent to the Congress high command and Rahtod would soon join the party.Bhavsinh is known for his flip-flop drama. In 1990, Bhavsinh Rathod contested assembly election from Sami-Harij constituency on the Congress ticket but lost; again in 1995 when Congress denied him ticket he contested as independent and won. Later, in 2007, he contested on Congress ticket and won.Rathod had in 2009 resigned as a Congress MLA to join BJP and contest Lok Sabha polls from Patan. He was even given ticket by the BJP but lost to Congress candidate Jagdish Thakore. Rathod has several criminal cases pending against him but is said to have a strong hold on the Thakore community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920887", "title": "Trial in Akku Yadav murder case begins", "text": "NAGPUR: The much awaited trail in the sensational murder case of history sheeter Akku Yadav began in the fast track court of magistrate P M Junedar on Monday. Eight years and two months ago, Akku Yadav was lynched by a mob of women inside Nyay Mandir. Twenty one people including a woman were made accused in the case. The case has rround 85 witnesses.On first day, panch witness Deepak Devghare was questioned by the public prosecutor Ravindra Bhoyar. Devghare said he was called as a witness in the case for around ten times and he had signed the panchnama. He said that he saw a constable's uniform was recovered from the spot. \"Police checked accused Sumedh Karwade, Raju Ghodge and Nilesh Humne before me. I was taken at their house from where the police seized their clothes,\" he said.However, on being questioned by defence lawyer R K Tiwari, he said he was working as peon in CID in 2004 and he was witness in many of their cases. He said when he entered the court room, he saw the blood stains on the wall and the cupboard. He claimed the blood stains were also seen on one of the accused Sumedh Choudhary's clothes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "16921779", "title": "Nilgiris Mountain Rail cancels services for 3 days after major landslide", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A major rain-triggered landslide along the rail track between Kallar and Burliar affected the Nilgiris Mountain Rail service between Mettupalayam and Ooty on Monday morning. According to railway officials, it would take at least three days to clear the debris on the track. Consequently, train services on the NMR track has been cancelled for three days.With weather forecasts predicting low-pressure and the early onset of the northeast monsoon, heavy rains continued to lash the Nilgiris especially Coonoor and surrounding areas since Friday. The wet spell continues in Ooty as well with cloudy skies keeping the sun at bay.According to rainfall records, the Nilgiris received an average rainfall of 50.26mm with Coonoor and Emerald areas recording heavy rainfall of 149.50mm and 98mm respectively ending 24 hours on Monday morning. Several incidents of fallen trees, mostly on the Ooty-Coonoor-Mettupalyam national highway road, were reported. According to the regional meteorological department, the northeast monsoon will become more active in the coming days. Apart from the uprooted trees, minor landslides were reported. No heavy damage has been reported so far. According to the administration, disaster management is in place and the team is taking care of minor damages reported. In a few places, the NH roads caved in slightly posing a threat to motorists. The damaged roads will be attended to by the concerned authorities.With the havoc caused by floods in November, 2009 fresh in mind, the incessant rains has created a deep sense of fear among residents as the northeast monsoon is known for its fury in the Nilgiris. While a revetment wall adjoining the Coonoor government hospital was damaged on Monday, few houses were reported damaged in and around Kotagiri town. On Monday, revenue officials handed over Rs 2,500 each as relief measure to about eight victims whose houses were damaged in the rains in Kotagiri area. Also, damage of revetment walls of houses and roads were reported in many villages.The Government Botanical Garden (GBG) saw fewer tourists last weekend due to the weather. Around 4,500 visitors registered their footprints in the GBG on Saturday and Sunday. The advancement of the northeast monsoon has played spoilsport as the second tourist season begins. However, N Chandrasekar, secretary, Nilgiris Hotels and Restaurants' Association said, \"The tourist crowd has started coming in since Monday afternoon. This is encouraging for hoteliers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16921804", "title": "Sector 18 market turning into a slum: Traders", "text": "NOIDA: Taking a strong exception to the \"lopsided development\" taking place in Noida's commercial district - Sector 18 - the business community of the area has alleged that the Noida Authority seems to be blatantly favouring just a few developers. Plagued with innumerable problems, especially due to the growing mismatch between the increase in number of commercial projects and the corresponding planning required for supporting infrastructure development works, the face of the market complex has considerably deteriorated over the years, say traders.Up in arms over four upcoming commercial mega-projects in the sector, three of which belong to Wave Infratech, traders lamented that from being a shoppers' paradise the market complex had literally turned into a \"slum\". Members of the Sector 18 Market Association alleged that successive development authorities had \"selectively\" allowed an increased Floor Area Ratio (FAR) in the area, which \"has left far-reaching repercussions on the sector's development\".\"In addition, an area ear-marked for parking of vehicles has been swapped to construct a 41-storey commercial building, against the advice of experts,\" said Kedar Bansal, president of the association. \"In another pocket of the sector, a multi-storey building sprawling 19,000 sqm belonging to the Wave group is scheduled to come up in the next few years, while one supporting 11-floors is ready for use,\" Bansal said.A construction boom due to the extra FAR in the sector with multi-storey towers rising on narrow roads with inadequate parking has put a severe strain on the civic infrastructure, alleged traders. \"Buildings in P-block are supposed to have mandatory parking in their basements, but in a blatant flouting of the building bylaws, these buildings house offices instead of parking spaces,\" Bansal said. \"Why is the Authority turning a blind eye to these violations,\" he asked. \"During the weekend, nearly 6,000 vehicles visit the market, while another 4,000 vehicles remain parked. What will happen when the under-construction commercial spaces get inhabited? Sector 18 will get choked,\" observed Vinod Blauja, owner of Baluja Sports in C-block.The old timers recall how Sector 18 has slipped from being a sought after destination until the 90s to an avoidable hassle today. \"The traffic chaos and the parking paranoia for visitors have been largely responsible for transforming this market place to a visitor's nightmare,\" said Vinod Grover, owner of property at G-24. \"Since the last five years, Noida Authority has been promising to setup a multi-level parking lot, but till today it continues to be proposed and is yet to receive an official nod,\" Grover said. \"With three more malls coming up in the area, we shudder to think what will happen with the increased footfalls and added number of vehicles,\" added Ishwar Arora owner of the Peanuts store in G-block.\"Paucity of water, choked drainage system, frequent curtailment in power supply, no maintenance of roads, encroachments, lack of public conveniences, the list of woes is endless,\" said Naval Kishore, who owns the Raymonds store in the busy market.Experts agree that before allowing any area to be bombarded with additional structures and an increased FAR, the concerned authorities need to study the impact and implications of the move. \"The area should be able to sustain the pressure. In the case of Sector 18, it seems planning has gone totally awry,\" said Prof Dr PK Sarkar, School of Planning and Architecture (specialist in transport planning and road engineering).Meanwhile, Authority officials maintained that the multi-level parking lot was awaiting clearance on estimates from IIT-Delhi. \"This should happen by the end of this month, after which we will start the tendering process for the project,\" said AK Goel, chief maintenance engineer (civil) Noida. The official added that also on the anvil are an e-modelled drainage system and state-of-the-art street furniture and toilets in the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921400", "title": "Police grill Kripa son", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Police's special investigating team (SIT) recorded the statement of senior Congress leader Kripashankar Singh's son Narendra Mohan Singh in the disproportionate assets case.Sources said Narendra Singh was questioned regarding cash transactions and his investments in businesses, including Bollywood films. Narendra was questioned for three hours on Saturday.Last week, the police had recorded Singh's statement. The police now plan to record the statements of Singh's wife Malti Devi, daughter-in-law Ankita, daughter Sunita and son-in-law Vijay Pratap Singh and wind up the report. The SIT has to submit its final report on October 28. The SIT has already filed two status reports before the SC in a sealed cover, which the court has not opened so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16925153", "title": "19.35L fraudulently withdrawn from Garhwa bank", "text": "GARHWA: A case of fraudulent withdrawal of Rs 19.35 lakh from the Majhiaon Vananchal Gramin Bank with forged signature of the BDO by the nazir of Majhiaon block has been detected. The amount has been withdrawn from the two accounts nos. 14269082677 and 14269082178. \"The matter came in light during audit,\" said Majhiaon BDO Ghulam Samdani.The BDO has lodged an FIR against the nazir Harihar Ram with Majhiaon police station on Saturday. The BDO has accused the nazir and bank officials of embezzling the amount. The BDO said the amount has been withdrawn on different dates through 29 different cheques.The BDO said the signatures on the cheques deposited at the bank by the nazir did not tally with his signature. It is a matter of surprise that the Vananchal Grahmin Bank paid him the money without any verification of the signatures. \"This smacks of a nexus between the nazir and the bank officials,\" the BDO said.Garhwa DC RP Sinha said both the nazir and bank officials were guilty in this matter. However, those who are found guilty in the probe will have face action, he added. SP Michael Raj S said the matter was under investigation and the guilty will not be spared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924689", "title": "50000 animals sacrificed for Chhattar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Like every year, faith took precedence over reasoning at Bhawanipatna in Kalahandi district. Nearly 50,000 animals were sacrificed along the main thoroughfares of the town on Monday to propitiate Manikeswari during 'Bijaya Yatra' of the annual Chhattar festival.This happened despite the best efforts of the administration to check animal sacrifice. The number is 20% more compared to last year, sources said.\"Animal sacrifice took place despite our best efforts. We had launched awareness campaigns a week before the festival, but that didn't bear fruit,\" said SP (Kalahandi) S Ahmed.More that one lakh people took part in the procession of Manikeswari, the presiding deity of the area. She was taken in a procession from Jenakhal after Sandhi puja to Bhawanipatna, which is the permanent abode of the deity, amid the rhythmic beats of Jenabadya, Nisan and Ghanta (traditional musical instruments) and dancers performing 'Ghumura' and martial art forms.Devotees lined up along the road for a glimpse of the goddess. \"We believe that we will get rid of out vices and diseases by sacrificing animals. Every year we participate in the festival to invoke the deity's blessings,\" said Madhu Chandan, a devotee.The municipality authorities were asked to clean the bloodied roads after the festival. \"We engaged around 50 sweepers to clean the roads after the rituals. The civic body was entrusted with the cleaning work two days before the festival,\" said Loknath Tiwari, executive officer of the municipality.Every year before the start of the sacrifice ritual on Asthami, two swords belonging to the goddess are washed in the pond located behind the Bhawanipatna royal palace. These are then worshipped and brought back to the temple in a procession. Then a buffalo is sacrificed at the Budharaja or Vairab temple, a satellite shrine of the Manikeswari temple.This is the only time the deity is worshipped during the year. Following this ritual, the Chhattar or umbrella of the goddess, along with two swords of the deity, are taken out for the procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16924581", "title": "Obama trumps Romney in 3rd presidential debate; both agree drone attacks on Pak should continue", "text": "WASHINGTON: Republican Presidential nominee Mitt Romney was \"all over the map\" and White House incumbent Barack Obama was all over him as the two contenders to lead the careworn superpower for the next four years struggled to provide a vision for the world in their third and final debate before the November 6 polls.President Obama was widely seen as handily winning the debate that focused mostly on foreign policy, mainly on account of the incumbency advantage that gave him better insight into complex ground situations and allowed him to express it with greater clarity in his summations. A CBS insta-poll found that 53 percent of uncommitted voters thought Obama won the final debate, while 23 percent gave it to Romney. 24 percent were undecided.But Mitt Romney was no mug on foreign policy, and projected a degree of authority, although he failed to articulate a clear or different vision. He seemed to agree substantially with the Obama foreign policy, differing only in tone, emphasis, and nuance. The social critic and comic Bill Maher joked that Romney's entire debate strategy was to say what Obama said, except it came from a white guy.In fact, at one point, while talking on Iran, President Obama needled his rival, saying, \"there have been times, Governor...where it sounded like you thought that you'd do the same things we did but you'd say them louder and somehow that would make a difference.\"It was one of several swipes an aggressive Obama took at Romney, who was clearly disadvantaged by not being in executive command and have bragging rights over achievements such as nailing Osama bin Laden. Obama, in turn, managed to deflect criticism of things that haven't gone better by projecting it as a work in progress.Although Romney disavowed the boilerplate muscular Republican foreign policy, at one point saying \"we cannot kill ourselves out of this mess,\"Obama called his rival's policy prescriptions \"wrong and reckless.\"The area where Romney took the sharpest hit was in defense, traditionally a strong Republican talking point. The Obama camp had evidently prepared well to counter Romney's familiar critique about the U.S military being downsized and its Navy reduced to its smallest size since 1917.\"Governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military's changed,\" Obama riposted, gratuitously adding, \"We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them. We have these ships that go underwater, nuclear submarines. And so the question is not a game of Battleship where we're counting ships.\"The audience, which did not participate in the debate (all questions came from the moderator, CBS' Bob Schieffer ), gasped and tittered.No relief for Pakistan from Drone attacksAs expected, India did not come up even once during the 90-minute debate, not even obliquely or tangentially (nor did Japan or European Union , for that matter), or in reference to China or Pakistan. But the news was not good for Islamabad . Romney agreed with the Obama policy of keeping up drone attacks inside the troubled country despite its protestations.In fact, although both men spoke at length of the dangers of Iran going nuclear, the turmoil in Libya and Syria , and contentious issues with China, it was Pakistan and its combustible mix of nuclear weapons and home-grown terrorism, and its fallout on Afghanistan , the U.S withdrawal from there, and on the neighborhood, that seemed to worry them most. There was clearly no love for Pakistan -- just concern, distrust, and a vague sense of bringing about a course-correction in the country that Romney spoke about.President Obama set the tone when he bragged about killing bin Laden and mocked Romney for saying in 2008 that the U.S should ask Pakistan for permission to hunt him. \"If we had asked Pakistan for permission, we would not have gotten him,\" Obama said in a public indictment and implicit mistrust of a once-coddled U.S ally. Romney too said at one point that Pakistan has been anything but an ally.Although Romney said he was against \"divorcing\" Pakistan and was for \"rebuilding\" the relationship with a country that had more than 100 nuclear weapons and terrorists, when he was asked pointblank about his position on the use of drones, he minced no words in support of the Obama policy. In fact, it was the only time he fully and unequivocally backed Obama.\"I believe that we should use any and all means necessary to take out people who pose a threat to us and our friends around the world...I support that entirely and feel the president was right to up the usage of that technology and believe that we should continue to use it,\" he responded.The two men also jousted on China, although the differences were exaggerated and polemical. Romney maintained that he would be tougher than Obama on China on the economic front; Obama, as he has done before, taunted him for investing in companies that exported jobs to China, and bragged that he had stared down China in the Asia-Pacific region and announced U.S permanent interests in the region.Large parts of the world -- European Union, Africa, Asia south-east of Pakistan -- and many issues like environment and global health remained unaddressed as the two candidates repeatedly tracked back to the U.S economy to score debating points, usually repeating statistics and talking point they had used in previous debates and speeches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922286", "title": "Aarti, 'diyas' add sparkle to dandiya fun", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With \"maha aarti\" being held on the occasion of Ashtami (eighth Navratri) and people expressing their joy with dandiya and garba, a mini-Gujarat came alive in the heart of the city.Women dressed in traditional \"chaniya cholis\" and even some men wearing \"kediyu\" (traditional Gujarati kurta) were seen participating enthusiastically in the celebrations. Nearly 80 Gujarati families had gathered at Gujarat Bhawan in Sector 24 here to celebrate Navratri on Monday.The celebrations kicked off with garba, which saw both men and women taking part with full fervour. This was followed by a mesmerizing \"maha aarti,\" wherein earthen lamps were illuminated, giving a sparkle to the ambiance. And then came power-packed dandiya.Jayesh Mehta, general secretary of Gujarat Mandal in Chandigarh, said, \"There are over 100 Gujarati families in Chandigarh and everyday we are gathering here to celebrate Navratri. Such occasions give a perfect opportunity to learn about different cultures and many local families and people from other communities have been participating enthusiastically in our celebrations.\"A big \"pandal\" was erected in the lawns of Gujarat Bhawan where the \"maha aarti\" was held. Dandiya and garba were also performed there itself.\"Though we are staying away from Gujarat but this is our way of remaining in touch with our roots. We are happy about having been able to observe Navratri in true Gujarati style,\" said Sukesh Seth, president of the Gujarat Mandal.Sticks from Rajkot, AhmedabadThe Gujarat Mandal had especially placed an order for \"dandiya\" sticks with traders based in Rajkot and Ahmedabad. The organizers said that sticks made in Gujarat were sturdy and best for dandiya.More dancingGujarati families would again gather at Gujarat Bhawan in Sector 24 on Tuesday evening and there would more dandiya and garba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922986", "title": "Robbers attack couple, loot cash", "text": "HYDERABAD: Robbers attacked a couple at their house in Petbasheerabad and escaped with cash and valuables amounting to Rs 50,000 on Monday.Four robbers gained entry into a small-scale industry owner Haribabu's house at Sri Lakshmi Nagar in Petbasheerabad in the wee hours of Monday. Haribabu and his wife were sleeping in the hall and the robbers entered the bedroom by opening the window grill. Around 2.30 am, Haribabu woke up to use the toilet in the bedroom. As he opened the bedroom door, the robbers, who were looking for keys of the safe, pounced on him and started raining punches on his face. Hearing the commotion from the bedroom , Haribabu's wife went there and pleaded the robbers to let go off her husband. The assailants then tied Haribabu's hands with a bed sheet.Later, the robbers opened the safe and collected Rs 20,000 cash and snatched gold earrings and mangalsutra from Haribabu's wife. In the process , the woman suffered minor injuries on her neck and hands.\"After committing the robbery , the culprits left the house through the main door. In the morning, Haribabu lodged a complaint with us,\" Petbasheerabad inspector B Janaiah said. Police booked a case under section 394 (Robbery ) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC) and launched a manhunt to nab the offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920583", "title": "CBI questions Tejinder Singh, Rishi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Monday questioned two businessmen - Gautam Thadani of Global Healthline Pvt Ltd and Rajan Madhu, director of F-bar and Lounge -- apart from Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh, Vectra chairman Ravi Rishi and his employees Anil Mansaramani and Vikram Kakaiya in connection with the bribery offer made to former Army chief Gen V K Singh. The agency had recovered Rs 98 lakh from Thadani's house during raids on Saturday.CBI sources said they were probing Tejinder Singh and Rishi's links with Thadani.The agency, during its six-month preliminary investigation, has found prima facie evidence of links between Tejinder Singh and Rishi, who is also a director in Tatra Sipox UK -- the company which was supplying allegedly substandard trucks to the Army, sources said.The CBI is trying to ascertain whether Thadani acted as a mediator between Tejinder Singh and Rishi to felicitate money transactions, they added.CBI sources said although the preliminary inquiry gave substantial prima facie evidence of links between Singh, Rishi and Thadani, the actual relations between the trio would be established during questioning and further investigations.Gen V K Singh had alleged that Tejinder Singh offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore in his office in September 2010 to clear the purchase of a tranche of 1,676 substandard Tatra trucks, a matter he reported to defence minister A K Antony . After getting a formal complaint from the former Army chief, CBI initiated a preliminary enquiry in April.Tejinder Singh refuted the allegations and also slapped a defamation case against Gen V K Singh. During the preliminary enquiry, CBI took into account the Record of Discussion in which an Army chief records important decisions taken, details of meetings, discussions and instructions issued during the day.The agency also recorded the statement of the receptionist at the office of Gen V K Singh and statements of other Army officers before filing a regular case. The CBI named Tejinder Singh as prime accused in the case registered under Section 12 of Prevention of Corruption Act. Rishi is already an accused in a different case relating to irregularities in the supply of Tatra BEML trucks to the Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921989", "title": "Three held for 25-year-old Satellite youth's murder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Satellite police officials arrested three youths in connection with the murder of a 25-year-old youth on October 19. Financial dispute was the reason behind the crime.Body of Tikaram Sharma alias Nepali, 25, a resident of Rajivnagar in Satellite, was found from his residence on October 19. Police sent the body for post-mortem and started questioning Sharma's roommates, the prime suspects in the case.\"We found that Sharma was dominating the small group and was demanding Rs 10,000 that he had given to some of the group members. He had earlier beaten up a youth as well on the issue. Tired of his behaviour, the group of four decided to bump him off and on October 19 attacked him with a club, bludgeoning him to death. After this his body was dumped outside,\" said Satellite police station inspector B N Chavda.Police arrested Mukesh Bhandari, Pravin Sharma and Deep Rana in connection with the murder, while Shyam Rana is absconding from the city. Sharma worked as a manager at Cafe Elanza in Satellite. \"We've questioned the group about the money matters and who played what role in the incident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16922651", "title": "Nashik industry to protest against power tariff hike on Thursday", "text": "NASHIK: Strongly condemning the power tariff hike by MSEDCL, the industry and trade bodies in the city on Monday decided to protest on Thursday, and hand over a memorandum to the district collector.Thane-based Chamber of Small Industries Association (COSIA) has called a state-wide bandh on Thursday, demanding a roll back of the tariff hike by the MSEDCL. Industries from various districts in the state have supported the bandh. With an aim to decide the course of action pertaining to the bandh, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) had convened a joint meeting of office-bearers of industry and trade associations in the district.NIMA vice-president Manish Kothari, said, \"The industries have been affected due to power tariff hike in the range of 18 to 30%. The substantial hike in power charges have affected the manufacturing units in the state. Business has become difficult as the hike has caused rise in the production cost. We have decided to protest on Thursday and support the state-wide bandh called by COSIA. All industrialists will gather at NIMA House . A delegation of industry and trade bodies will meet a collector Vilas Patil and present a memorandum to roll back of power charges.\"He added that the memorandums will also be presented to the industry minister, energy minister, guardian minister, MLAs and MPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16922908", "title": "Woman's self-immolation bid thwarted", "text": "TRICHY: A woman attempted to immolate herself inside the district collectorate on Monday, where she had come to submit a petition during the weekly public grievances day. The woman, Inbavalli claimed that she was denied a patta for her ancestral land by different levels of officials in the district administration. Ironically, this is the third self-immolation attempt in less than two months at the same venue.\"Despite the fact that I am a daughter of a deceased army man, the officials ill-treated me by using unparliamentary language. I have petitioned the collector to take action against three such officials,\" the 45-year-old woman said.The self-immolation drama unfolded when a constable on duty was informed that a woman standing in the queue to give a petition had clutched a bottle of kerosene under her elbow. The constable pulled the woman out of the queue, and even as she was walked to the entrance, she managed to pour the kerosene over herself in full view of the district officials. However, she was overpowered by a couple of policewomen as she attempted to light the matchstick.On Monday, the grievances day meeting was chaired by the district revenue officer (DRO) Thiagarajan in the absence of collector Jayashree Muralidharan who was attending to a dengue awareness meeting with health minister Dr V S Vijay and other officials from the health department.Immediately after the incident, Thiagarajan summoned the woman and asked her the rationale behind the action. She The woman said that despite petitioning the officials several times no action had been taken.The woman from Thimmarayasamudram in Thiruvanaikovil said that she had lost her parents, her husband, and two brothers in quick succession in the last two years and she was almost reduced to the status of an orphan. She alleged that the local village level officials were hand-in-glove with her own cousins to deny her the patta. The DRO chided her by asking if this act was the solution, to which Inbavalli replied that she resorted to the extreme step as other avenues had been exhausted.Earlier, on August 27, a differently-abled person Suresh (24) from Keerambur village attempted suicide for not getting a loan, while on October 10 a certain P Rajamanickam (55) tried to set himself ablaze in a bid to expose his village president. But both of them were let off after some counselling. But this time around,The Cantonment police filed a case against the woman under Section 309 and later released her on bail. \"Such attempts should be nipped in the bud as it denigrates the collector's office.We will see to it that the woman is brought to book so that such attempts in future are not attempted,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16925398", "title": "3 die as BSF bomb explodes in H'bag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Three poor 13 and 14-year-old boys were killed on Monday after a grenade exploded near a BSF firing range while they were sifting through spent shells made of brass. The victims were residents of Sakheya village in Mufassil police station area, close to the firing range at Silwar. While 14-year-old Rahul Kumar died on the spot, Ghulam Sahid died in hospital and Ehsan Raza on the way to one, said SP Manoj Kaushik.The SP said five boys of the village were collecting brass metal from the shells at the range. \"The tragedy occurred when they started hammering some of the shells. A severe explosion took place, killing one of them instantaneously,\" he said. Kaushik said when he visited the spot, he was shocked to find that despite the blast, around 40 boys were still collecting brass.He said the way shells were strewn in the area proved BSF authorities were not ensuring there was no live shells in the debris. \"It was a case of negligence on the part of BSF. I have directed the police to lodge an FIR against the in-charge of the firing range,\" he said.Local BSF authorities refused comment on the deaths. Village mukhiya Jeev Narayan Ram also blamed BSF and said authorities had not warned people about the use of such powerful explosives at the range. \"This type of tragedy has become a regular feature. Compensation should be given to the poor families,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16920618", "title": "Saina Nehwal is favoured in Paris", "text": "HYDERABAD: Buoyed after the unexpected triumph at Denmark, Saina Nehwal will begin as a firm favourite at the Yonex French Open Super Series which kicks off in Paris on Tuesday.The absence of top Chinese players like World Champion Wang Yihan and Olympic champion Li Xuerui will only make things easy for Saina, who is showing a rich vein of form after the two-month break.The way she ran through top stars like Tine Baun and Yihan at Denmark, Saina looks set to record another triumphant back-to-back feat. Only in June, the ace shuttler clinched titles in Thailand and Indonesia in two weeks and in 2010 she won three in a row.Germany's Juliane Schenk, who lost to Saina in the Denmark Open final, is likely to face the Indian in the semifinals.From the bottom half of the draw, former All England and reigning Asian Games gold medalist Wang Shixian will lead the pack. With Shixian struggling for form, the title race would be between Saina and Schenk. However, Saina feels that the draw is a tough one at the French Open.The Hyderabadi believes that her likely quarterfinal tie against World Junior champion Ratchanok Inthanon will be tough. The 16-year-old Thai teen was not only the youngest ever World Junior champion, but the only shuttler to win the title three times in a row.\"It will not be easy. The draw is quite tough. Ratchanok is playing well and Schenk too is dangerous. But I am very confident as I am in good shape. I was a bit wary against Schenk (at Denmark Open final) initially, but once I settled in, it was easy,\" Saina said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922415", "title": "4 injured in clash at Leisure Valley", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A small argument snowballed into an ugly clash between two groups of youngsters at the parking of Leisure Valley in Sector 10 on Monday evening.The police said Sahib Singh, a Panjab University third-year law student, was sitting in his BMW (Pb-24-B-0001) along with his three friends when he was attacked by about four persons with rods and baseball bats. The miscreants had come in a Gypsy bearing Haryana registration number. \"There was a small argument between the occupants of gypsy and Sahib, following which the former attacked the latter and his friends, who are in their 20s, with rods and baseball bats,\" said a cop.Before leaving, the miscreants also smashed the mirrors of his car.Sahib, who received head injuries, and his three friends - Gurpreet Singh, Sandeep and Mangal Chauhan - were admitted to Government Multi-speciality Hospital in Sector 16. His friends were discharged after the first-aid.The police have recovered a baseball bat from the spot. Statements of eyewitnesses have been recorded, but cops are yet to ascertain the registration number of the Gypsy.\"We have registered a case against unknown miscreants. Sahib is the son of a retired Army official. We are verifying the details of others who were injured,\" said Ashish Kapoor, deputy superintendent of police (central). The DSP added that the accused have been booked for attempt to murder. Sources in police said one of the victims was a relative of a former senior Punjab Police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16921217", "title": "PM to be petitioned seeking SIT to probe 1984 genocide", "text": "JALANDHAR: Top legal luminaries and prominent citizens of the country have signed a petition to be submitted to the Prime Minster asking him to abide by his \"Raj Dharma\" and to ensure that culprits of the 1984 genocide of Sikhs be punished.The petition, which has already been signed by former Supreme Court judge Justice V R Krishna Iyer, Justice Hosbet Suresh, jurist Fali Nariman, former law minister Shanti Bhushan, senior journalist Kuldip Nayyar, senior advocate Prashant Bhushan and activist Teesta Setalwad.The petition requests the PM that cases, which had been closed by Delhi Police or acquittal had taken place due to faulty investigation or non-production of material witnesses, be opened and reinvestigated by a special investigation team.It has also demanded that the SIT be constituted of officers from outside Delhi Police and the investigation should be monitored by the Supreme Court. \"The trials should be conducted in fast track courts and the Supreme Court, through a special team, should monitor the proceedings,\" the petition has demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "margao/calangute", "code": "16922521", "title": "4 tourists rescued off state's beaches over weekend", "text": "MARGAO/CALANGUTE: Lifeguards were kept busy on the weekend with rescues conducted off the beaches of Benaulim, Majorda and Calangute respectively.Drishti special response services said that on Sunday, Russian native Ekaterina Tarasove, 25, was swimming in a no-swim zone at Benaulim with another foreign tourist. Suddenly, Tarasove was pulled by a strong rip current and was seen struggling to reach the shore following which the lifeguard on duty rushed towards her with a rescue tube and brought her safely to shore.On Saturday, Sonu Diga, 21, a fisherman and native of Chhattisgarh was rescued by lifeguards on duty at Majorda beach after he was injured on a trawler which was at a distance of 1.5km from the sea. Diga was brought to shore and shifted to Hospicio, Margao, from where he was referred to Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim.In another incident at Majorda, Napotstikh Tatiana, a 60-year-old Russian native was swimming in a no-swim zone about 70m seaward. She was caught in a lateral current and gestured for help. Lifeguards secured her with a jet ski and safely brought her to shore.At Calangute, a tourist from Karnataka was rescued by lifeguards on Saturday evening. The victim, Shrinivas Guruppa, 21, was brought to shore after being secured with a rescue tube. He was later shifted in an ambulance to the Candolim primary health centre where he was given further treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16925224", "title": "Durga Puja: Gumla festival celebrated with zeal", "text": "GUMLA: Puja devotees and revellers are visiting different pandals in the district and block headquarters. Festivity is in the air and devotion is heightened during this time. Women are thronging the pandals to worship the deities. Shops selling articles used in worship are busy while cloth and garments counters are crowded with shoppers.Durga Puja started here as community pujas. Durga idols and other deities were put up for worship by some Bangali families and local denizens since 1921. The tradition began with Durga Badi and has now spread since more and more groups are forming puja samitis. Secretary of Bada Durga Mandir, Rajendra Prasad Gupta, said, \"Next in line is the Bada Durga Mandir where a puja samiti started the same tradition since 1931.\" An assistant secretary of Durga Badi puja samiti, Dilip Kumar Chakravarthy, said, \"At Durga Badi, old tradition of staging puja with simplicity and much devotion is continuing since its inception.\"Nav Yukak Sangh, Vishwa Bharti and Jyoti Sangh ,Vishal Club and other puja samitis have taken upon themselves the responsibility of organizing puja in the district while almost all block headquarters too organize puja with the same zeal.Nirmal Goel, president of Bada Durga Mandir puja samiti, said, \"Every year these samiti members perform their religious duty with the same vigour.\"\"Simplicity and reverence have been engulfed by much show and pomp. More arrangements have been made for illuminating the pandals attracting more revellers,\" added an elderly RK Jha.However, the puja revellery was marred at one of the pandals when a speeding truck rammed into the pandal killing one devotee on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926439", "title": "Success didn\u2019t change Yash Chopra: Rohit Roy", "text": "Tinsel Town celebs are still not able to come out of the shock of losing the legendary film maker, Yash Chopra.Rohit Roy remembers his interactions with the legendary director Yash Chopra and said, \"I have had the good fortune of meeting him over several social evenings. The one thing that always struck me is his down to earth, warm fatherly demeanor. All the success never changed the humble man that he was.\"Rohit credits Yash Chopra films for the romantic side of his personality. \"His films made me the romantic that I am today. I consider myself unfortunate that I never got an opportunity to be directed by him. He will forever remain in our hearts,\" concluded Rohit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922207", "title": "Communist Party of China meet to amend party constitution", "text": "Bracing for a major leadership change next month, the ruling Chinese Communist Party has decided to amend its Constitution for handling \"new situations\" and \"new tasks\" while sticking to the reform process initiated by Deng Xiaoping . The Communist Party of China (CPC) is going to amend the Party Constitution at its upcoming 18th National Congress scheduled for November 8, according to a meeting of the Politburo of the CPC Central Committee on Monday. The Party will make a draft report to the 18th CPC national congress that complies with the common aspirations of the CPC and people of all ethnic backgrounds, meets the development needs of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and adapts to \"new situations\" and \"new tasks\", according to an official statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921348", "title": "BMC asks hospital to report cause of Chopra's death", "text": "MUMBAI: As Yash Chopra's death triggered fears of the city being in the grips of an outbreak of dengue, the BMC on Monday asked Lilavati Hospital in Bandra for a report about the exact cause of the veteran filmmaker's death.The death audit, as such exercises are called, follows union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad's statement in Chennai that every dengue death should be audited. TOI had reported last week that private labs in Mumbai have been seeing more than a thousand cases of dengue per month. The BMC figures, meanwhile, were 242 in September and 198 in October till Monday. Against this backdrop, experts feel it is prudent that an audit is carried out in Chopra's case. In fact, reports said the Centre has asked the BMC for Chopra's audit report.Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar told TOI that Lilavati Hospital would soon submit its report after analysing the cause of death. Chopra was admitted to the hospital on October 13, where he was diagnosed with dengue and immediately admitted to the ICU and put on ventilator. BMC officials pointed out that dengue usually has low fatality, but it could be fatal for patients who are old and have chronic diseases such as diabetes.A spokesperson for Yashraj studios said on Monday that Chopra had succumbed to a combination of dengue and pneumonia.But BMC health officials are not too impressed with the demand for making dengue notifiable. They noted that for all practical purpose it does micro-map the disease; every doctor sends a copy of dengue diagnosis to the local BMC health office, which in turn carries out surveillance and fumigation operations in the locality concerned.Mhaiskar said, \"At the ward level, we have been getting data on all dengue cases even from private hospitals and labs, so that we can do better micro-mapping of the disease. Whenever we find more than five dengue patients from the same area or a cluster of breeding sites, our teams go there for vector control anyway.\"The BMC is applying the same plan of action it had successfully applied to bring down malaria in the city two years ago. The only difference is that it is the well-to-do sections of the society that seems to be the victim this time round. \"Malaria was more rampant in slums and construction sites. But even though our micro-mapping exercise has showed dengue to be prominent in the same areas where malaria was seen earlier, it is the middle and upper middle class, that is suffering from dengue in the same areas,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16926401", "title": "Street plays to spread awareness about AIDS", "text": "LUDHIANA: With street plays coming in handy to effectively communicate socio-cultural messages, health authorities have planned to organize 116 street plays on prevention and management of HIV/AIDS to be staged in different areas of the city and its outskirts.Dr Uggar Singh Sooch, district programme officer of HIV/AIDS, said, \"After Diwali, we plan to stage 116 \"nukkad natak\" on HIV/AIDS to spread awareness. The plays will be staged by professional artists and focus on many aspects of HIV/AIDS including its spread, management, myths. The plays will also spell ways to fight HIV if one gets the infection.\" Sooch added that the plays will be staged at busy spots, including bus stand and Transport Nagar.Dr N M Sharma, additional project director of HIV AIDS, said, \"The language of these plays will depend on the area they are being staged in \u2014 Hindi for migrant area, and Punjabi for local population.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "16921903", "title": "Yashwant disputes Chacko\u2019s claim over 'minority\u2019 bid to summon PM, PC", "text": "DELHI: BJP leader Yashwant Sinha has described Joint Parliamentary Committee chairperson P C Chacko's claim that a majority opinion in the panel was against summoning finance minister P Chidambaram and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as misleading.In a letter to Chacko, the former finance minister has pointed out that the matter of witnesses to be summoned has not been discussed by the panel and so no majority opinion has been expressed.Referring to Rule 261 that guides functioning of committees that have been quoted by Chacko, the BJP leader said despite a provision for a vote, the parliamentary panel has functioned by consensus. He pointed out that in the Public Accounts Committee there is no provision for a note of dissent.Sinha also disputed Chacko's view of the BJP leader having to withdraw from the committee as the panel is reviewing policy issues relating to the tenure of the NDA government. Sinha made the obvious point that the issue was settled when the Speaker agreed to the current composition of the committee being fully aware of this fact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921370", "title": "RWAs: Not much to gain from move", "text": "NEW DELHI: The power regulator's attempt to appease consumers by slashing the 0-400 unit slab has failed to impress many. Unhappy with the new order, many RWAs continued to demand a complete rollback of the tariff hike and a CAG audit into discoms' accounts.Terming DERC's decision ridiculous, an activist from Greater Kailash, M K Gupta, said it would only bring relief to a handful of consumers. \"Only a small section of people who consume between 201and 350 units of electricity will be benefitted. For those with more usage, the the percentage decrease in bills will be too insignificant,\" he said.Akriti Anand from East of Kailash said that by increasing the slab rate for the 201-400 unit category from Rs 4.8 to Rs 5.5, DERC has nullified the benefit that consumers would have gained with the restoration of the original slab system. \"This looks like a conciliatory move. There is not much to gain,\" she said.Social groups and RWAs have been demanding a rollback in the power tariff hike since it was announced in June. GK-I RWA member Rajiv Kakria called the move DERC's \"clumsy attempt to rectify its mistake\". \"It's time to wind up DERC. Money thus saved, alone, will give more relief to the consumers reeling under the impact of arbitrarily hiked tariffs over the past 10 months,\" said Kakria.Calling the order an eyewash, Atul Goel of URJA, a social group, said, \"If power thefts have gone down drastically why does tariff have to be increased. We were told that the tariff won't go up after privatization and discoms will make money by recovering losses. But tariff is consistently being increased,\" rued Geol.A protest against the tariff hike had turned ugly on October 8, the day DERC decided to hold a public hearing to discuss the matter. While political activists had held DERC chief P D Sudhakar hostage for an hour, RWA members had waived black scarves at members of the Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921285", "title": "Light drizzle in many areas of Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten days after the Met department had declared the southwest monsoon to be withdrawn from the city, Mumbaikars witnessed slight drizzles on Monday night.Though the Met department did not record any rainfall till 8:30pm on Monday, light drizzles were reported from many areas like Byculla, Masjid, Bandra, Andheri, Kandivli and Dadar.According to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), there is a low pressure area over southeast Arabian Sea, which may become well marked during the next 24 hours. Also, a trough fom this system extends up to eastcentral Arabian Sea off the Maharashtra coast, which may have caused the drizzles.The Met department has predicted that rain or thundershowers would occur at a few places over south Konkan &amp; Goa during the next 24 hours and at one or two places thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "16922024", "title": "Galloping game goes global with German hand", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: Last year, Carysil Cowboys, the state's only private polo team, roped in George Meyrick, a top English player, who netted four out of eight goals to help the team trounce International Polo Club in a national tournament.Now, the team owned by Bhavnagar-based industrialist Chirag Parekh, has gone a step further. Carysil Cowboys will tie-up with Germany's Hamburg Polo Club.\"Hamburg Polo Club is the best in Germany and accommodates more than 50 polo ponies. Prestigious international polo tourneys are also played in Hamburg. The affiliation will enable our team to go global and players from Hamburg can come here and play,\" Parekh told TOI.The affiliation will also get players here to get quality international training in the royal game.Riding on the tie-up, Carysil Cowboys plans to participate in the international polo tournament coming up in the next polo season.Hamburg Polo Club is run and managed by Thomas Winter, the captain of Germany's national polo team and one of the top rated international player.\"I have invited Thomas and his players to play for Carysil Cowboys this season in Delhi and he has agreed,\" said Parekh. The tie-up is touted to be the first by any polo club in India. \"I have not heard of any Indian polo club tying up with an international club,\" said Parekh, adding that the affiliation will be done in two months.Carysil Cowboys have won three national tourneys in the last two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921923", "title": "HC to hear PILs on cash seizures, Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries joins in", "text": "AHMEDABAD: NGO named Bhagyodaya Jan Parishad on Monday complained before the Gujarat high court that the authorities' raid on vehicles to confiscate unaccounted cash under the garb the Election Commission guidelines is nothing but harassment of people.The NGO has filed a PIL in this regard seeking direction to concerned authorities to go easy on traders while they are in transit with cash for business purposes. Petitioner's counsel argued that the businessmen and common people do not have any objection against strict implementation of the model code of conduct during assembly elections, but these raids and seizures of cash are nothing but harassment under the garb of implementation of the code.The petitioner also questioned the power of authorities to conduct such raids and complained that if this continues, traders won't be able to pursue their commerce during the peak time for business Diwali. The PIL has also taken exception to indulgence of police authorities on their own in these raids.On the other hand, lawyer appearing for the EC contended that the exercise undertaken by authorities was completely legal and in fact the officers were functioning as per the poll panel guidelines. The arguments lasted for nearly an hour.Meanwhile, the Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries (Galso filed a PIL in this regard on Monday. It has termed the raids as \"unreasonable action\" particularly in absence of official notification.This new PIL contends that the basis intent behind EC's constitution under article 324 of the Constitution is for conduct of election and monitoring the election process. This only covers the government, the ruling party, political parties and candidates. Under the guise of exercising powers, EC cannot deprive the citizens of its fundamental right to conduct business. Hearing on both these PILs will now be held in next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16922520", "title": "Actor Randhir Kapoor to be felicitated at South Asian Film Festival", "text": "PANAJI: Bollywoood's yesteryear actor Randhir Kapoor will be felicitated during the seventh annual South Asian Film Festival (SAFF) to be held in Goa from October 25 to 28.SAFF organizers stated that Kapoor would be felicitated on October 25 when the festival begins here. Member of parliament and SAFF's steering committee member Tariq Anwar will inaugurate the festival, which will showcase over 40 films from South Asian countries.Some of the finest classics of Indian cinema like 'Harishchandra', 'Jamai Babu', 'Kaliya Mardan' were among the films that would be screened during the event.Films from South Asian countries including 'Hot days of Torkhan' ( Afghanistan ), 'Amar Bondhu Rashed' ( Bangladesh ), 'Seday' ( Bhutan ), 'Insaaf' (Maldives), 'Diyalee' ( Nepal ), 'A garden in Shigar' and 'All that jazz' ( Pakistan ) and 'Nildiya Yahana' ( Sri Lanka ) would also be screened at the festival, the organizers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921325", "title": "Maharashtra blames Vilasrao for allotting land", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has passed the buck to the late chief minister, Vilasrao Deshmukh , for allotting land to Adarsh housing society.In a four-page affidavit, state chief secretary J K Banthia pointed to a government circular that said the approving authority for allotting all plots in Mumbai was the chief minister. Deshmukh was the CM when the land allotment file was before the government, though the allotment letter was issued when Sushilkumar Shinde was the CM.The commission, inquiring into the alleged housing scam, had directed the state to name the government authority who approved the final list of members of the society at various stages. Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam, who heads the panel, had asked the chief secretary to submit the affidavit.Banthia said the government had approved the initial names of 71 members out of a total 103, without naming any specific authority. Various departments, including the collector's office, revenue department and the chief minister's office, gave various approvals for membership. Most of the remaining members admitted that the granting of the additional Floor Space Index was approved by the collector. Three members - former collector I A Kundan and two former army chiefs Deepak Kapoor and N C Vij - were given approval by the government.Earlier, former chief minister Ashok Chavan had also put the onus of allotting land on Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16923072", "title": "CM names lion cubs at Vandalur zoo", "text": "CHENNAI: Three female lion cubs, born at the Vandular zoo in March, were on Monday named Kala, Maya and Nila by chief minister J Jayalalithaa .The tradition of naming began in 2010 when former chief minister M Karunanidhi named three white tiger cubs Sembian, Indra and Valli. Last year, Jayalalithaa named two white tiger cubs and a lion cub Rama ,Chandra and Veera .The naming of cubs by the chief minister, zoo officials say, helps create more awareness about big cats. The proposal to name the cubs was sent to the chief minister recently. Most big animals in the zoo, including bison , panthers and elephants, have names asthey respondwell when called by a name, the officials said.The cubs were born on March 27 to lioness Kavitha , 9, and Raghav , 10. Kavitha was the lone female among seven cubs born at the zoo in 2004. Two of the seven were sent to the Thiruvananthapuram zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16922907", "title": "Qurbani for Eid-ul-Zuha becomes expensive as camel prices go up", "text": "MADURAI: Inflation has made celebrations a costly affair and Eid-ul-Zuha is no exception. Qurbani (sacrifice of an animal as an offering) would cost more this year at Madurai as the price of camel meat has increased manifold.The price of an adult camel weighing about 350 kg has increased to more than Rs one lakh this year. Last year, the camels were priced around Rs 75,000. In addition to this, the transportation costs have shot up several folds as the animals should be brought from Rajasthan.On Sunday, as many as 20 camels arrived at Madurai from Rajasthan. Of these, two have been sent to neighbouring districts, while the rest were meant for people in various parts of Madurai like Melur, Thirupuvanam and Natham. \"Last year, 13 camels were brought to Madurai. Every year, there is an increase in people offering Qurbani, so we brought more camels this year. We expect about 40 more camels to arrive from Rajasthan in the next few days of which four would be for Madurai,\" said Haji S Sulthan Allavudin. The camels will be sent to various places in the southern districts including Ramanathapuram, Dindigul and Kodaikanal as well as Trichy. The camels that arrived in Madurai were taken to Therku Veli Street and would be sent to other parts of the city.Each camel weighs around 350 kg on an average and the cost would be shared by seven people. Though the cost of camels have increased, the buyers said that there would not be much burden as seven people were sharing the cost. Moreover, mutton or other meat was much more expensive than camel meat, they pointed out.Every year, representatives from Madurai would leave for Rajasthan and place orders for the camels much ahead of Eid-ul-Zuha. Days before Eid-ul-Zuha, the camels are brought by their owners in trucks to the city. The owners also stay back here to feed and maintain the animal till Eid-ul-Zuha as people here would be unaware of the nature of the camels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16922353", "title": "NMC short of manpower to check water wastage in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: With the district receiving less than 85% percent of annual rainfall and residents continuing to use water for chores such as vehicle washing, the Nashik Municipal Corporation ( NMC) has no specific officer to check on such indiscriminate wastage of water.\"No, we do not have specific officials who will check on the wastage of water. Generally, the health officials of respective divisions have been ordered to check on the misuse of water. Besides, the problem is also about the severe shortage of manpower in the civic body, as a result of which we are unable to keep specific checks on such issues. Most employees from the house-tax and water-tax departments have been pulled in for octroi duties, as a result of which other tasks, like monitoring water use for instance, have received a setback,\" said AP Wagh, Ambad's divisional officer. Citing residents in Vivekanand Nagar, near Prabodhankar Thakre Sabhagruha, Rane Nagar, leaving their taps open and water being drawn unathorized construction activity , the divisional officer said that that it was impossible for the department to check every connection, given the manpower crunch.\"We cannot go and inspect every house-hold to check water wastage. The residents of these areas (in Cidco) which were charged water tax on an hourly-basis earlier now have water meters installed. But the problem is that we do not have people who can go out for meter readings,\" Wagh said.Another official from the department said that most of the residents had disconnected their water-meters and were careless about the water flowing through the streets. \"When we go to the area we have seen the meters removed. Residents fear that if the meter was in place, they will be held accountable for wasting water, since the meter could reflect the exact use of water for which they could then be charged,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921173", "title": "Kagzi next on deportation list?", "text": "MUMBAI: With the deportation of suspected Indian Mujahideen operative Fasih Mehmood to India, security agencies are now closely monitoring the movements of another key IM member, Fayyaz Kagzi. Sources in the security establishment say the Saudi government does not want any nuisance on its soil and hence is deporting all the suspects involved in criminal cases.Mehmood (28), an engineer by profession, was detained by the Al-Mabahith Al-Aammah, Saudi Arabia's internal intelligence agency, five months ago and was deported to India on October 22. \"Many IM operatives seek shelter in Gulf countries on the pretext of going on a pilgrimage. Once they get there, though, they go into hiding and it becomes difficult to trace them. However, the Saudi government is cracking down on such persons now. The country does not want any trouble on its soil and hence is ousting all suspects,\" said a senior police officer.In June, the Saudi government deported LeT confidant and 26/11 plotter Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal. Jundal is facing at least seven terror-related cases in India.Anti-social elements prefer hiding in Saudi since it is within Mecca limits and there is no chance of being caught by any one other than the Saudi police there. \"So the accused pretend to be pilgrims and try to take advantage of this rule. However, a wanted person cannot dodge the Saudi police within these limits,\" said a source.Sources say after Mehmood's deportation, Indian security agencies, with the help of the Saudi police, are monitoring the movements of another suspect, who the police believe could be Beed resident Fayyaz Kagzi, an accused in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case. Kagzi's name cropped up during the interrogation of two accused arrested this month for their alleged role in the August 1 serial bomb blasts in Pune. The two accused had told Delhi police's special cell that they went to meet Kagzi in Saudi Arabia in 2010 and he asked them to help him.Police records mention that Kagzi was Jundal's mentor. \"It was Kagzi who introduced Jundal to banned outfit SIMI's main members. In 2010, Jundal was in touch with Kagzi, but the latter has disappeared,\" said sources. Kagzi belongs to Haathikhana area of Beed district. \"Since its month of Haj, the Saudi government expedited the process of deportation. It might not have been wanting to keep Mehmood in its custody. The talks between the police of the two countries are on through diplomatic channels and they are helping us to nab our fugitives,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16924758", "title": "'Rush', 'Ajab Gazabb Love' release postponed", "text": "The rush of releases this festive season is taking its toll on the box office. Three films proved too much of a burden for the theatres to bear this Dussehra season. Two of the scheduled films, the late Shamim Desai's Rush and Sanjay Gadhvi's Ajab Gazabb Love have now been postponed from their scheduled Wednesday release this week (October 24) to Friday October 26.While confirming this last-minute postponement of what was seen as a lucrative boxoffice window for an extended weekend from Dussehra on Wednesday to Bakrid on Friday, the Rush producer Shailendra Singh and Ajabb Ghazab Love producer Vashu Bhagnani remained tightlipped about the real reasons for the last-minute postponement.However sources from both production houses confirm that the two scheduled film had to be postponed by two days due to a paucity of theatres.A reliable source on condition of anonymity revealed, \"Karan Johar's Student Of The Year which was released on Friday has monopolized both the single theatres and multiplexes all across the country. Going by the favourable response to Karan Johar's Student Of The Year , and the fact that another potential biggie Prakash Jha's Chakravyuha is scheduled for Wednesday, Vashu Bhagnani and Shailendra Singh had emergency meetings this weekend. They've decided to move their films forward by two days, from Wednesday, October 24 to Friday, October 26.\"While Bhagnani wouldn't comment on why his film has been postponed Shailendra Singh of Percept said, \" Rush is our premium product. We wanted it to be just right.We've been burning the midnight oil working on an unusual background score for the film. We hoped our music would be completed by this weekend. But it has taken longer than we expected. Hence the delay by two days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16922791", "title": "Speeding biker kills pregnant woman, 3 held", "text": "MUMBAI: The police arrested three bikers after one of them allegedly hit an 8-month pregnant 32-year-old woman while speeding on Andheri-Sahar Road on Sunday evening. The woman died in hospital.The deceased, a mother of three, was crossing the road when one of the bikers hit her. The police arrested all three bikers, who are college friends, for rash and negligent driving and booked one under death due to negligent driving case. One of the three bikers was stated to be a minor but the police are verifying that. The deceased, Sabira Khan, resided with her children and husband Sabir at Kabir Nagar on Andheri Sahar Road, Vile Parle. Sabir runs a motor training school. Sabira was expecting her baby next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16924090", "title": "Durga Puja: The fading beats of Kamrupiya dholiyas", "text": "GUWAHATI: The beat of the Assamese 'dhol' not only heralds the advent of Ma Durga on earth, it is also an integral part of the festivity, as in Bengal. The Kamrupiya dholiyas or indigenous drummers of Kamrup hand down the tradition from one generation to another. But this \"parampara\" is now being broken by the younger generation who want to take up other means of livelihood. \"They feel it is not that well paying and also feel embarrassed to play the instrument in public,\" said a senior dhol player.Seniram Koibarta from Boria village in Mirza, is a busy man now along with his two dholiyas. However, with the waning interest in his art, he has to supplement his income with other vocations. \"I play the band at wedding parties,\" he said, adding, \"it's only during Pujas that we get to earn.\"Apart from Pujas they also play at religious festivals in the countryside. The 60-year-old said it was an honour to be called upon to play the dhol in the past.But he did concede that playing the dhol is not economically sufficient to run a family. For one, they are paid for the entire Durga Puja period barely Rs 1,500 and on top of that Bengal dhakis are elbowing them out. \"They are more in demand,\" said Koibarta in dejection.Kamrupiya dholiyas are mostly found in and around the south Kamrup areas of Rampur, Solleigh, Mazkuchi and Dhontullah.Pramode Koibarta, another player, said he was 24 when he was initiated into this tradition by his father. \"Now I have to work elsewhere as wage labourer to keep our kitchen fires going,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920876", "title": "Consultant jumps to death from office building", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old MBBS doctor, who was working as a consultant after doing his MBA from IIM Kozhikode, allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the eighth floor of his office building in the Barakhamba Road area of central Delhi, on Monday morning.The deceased, Gaurav Murlidhar Patil, was unmarried and a native of Bhusawal district in Maharashtra. A page-long suicide note purportedly written by Patil in English reads: \"I have completed the search of truth and now know my destination. I thank the people who have helped me explore the truth about life. I want to donate my organs and don't want any enquiry into the matter.\"Patil committed suicide around 9.40am at the Ashoka Estate building. He had left home after breakfast and reached office around 9am, wrote the suicide note and kept it in his wallet. Witnesses said Patil went to the staircase area of his office on the eighth floor and jumped into the stairwell. He landed on the floor of the basement on his feet which resulted in the dislocation of his bones and immediate death. Paramedics tried resuscitating him and rushed him to RML Hospital, where he was declared dead.The body was preserved in the mortuary pending the arrival of Patil's family members. They reached Delhi around midnight and will leave with the body on Tuesday after donating the organs to the hospital.Patil had completed his MBBS in 2009 and then sought admission to IIM in 2010. He completed his MBA and joined IMS Health Information &amp; Consultancy Services in Connaught Place in June this year, police said.Patil lived with a roommate named Ankit in building 35/18 of West Patel Nagar, central Delhi. Ankit, a native of Jaipur in Rajasthan, told police Patil had been keeping to himself of late and used to read extensively on philosophy. But he said Patil never showed a suicidal tendency.Police have also recovered a diary along with the suicide note and are probing the matter after initiating inquest proceedings into the case, a senior officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926303", "title": "Amrit Manthan completes 200 episodes!", "text": "Directors Kut's Amrit Manthan on Life OK has constantly been throwing in surprises for audiences and there has been drama galore!As the show completes 200 episodes today, viewers have witnessed Amrit (Adaa Khan) walking on coal in retaliation to God. And now Natasha (Ankita Sharma) will challenge Mata's existence in a special episode on Wednesday, 24th October that co-incides with Dussehra.Says Ankita Sharma, \"I confront God that she doesn't exist and then mata appears in front of me and gives me guidance. I am a mata bhakt and during Navratras, I fast daily. The scene was emotionally consuming. I used to visualize Jaya Pradha as the goddess always since childhood. Somewhere I feel she looks closest to mata her in looks. I feel great to be a part of Amrit Manthan and it has so much of scope for performance unlike a typical saas bahu project\". Adding, \"It feels great when people say the show is doing well after my entry. It's a great feeling and a lot of team work involved. I'm also told that TRPs increased because of my entry track\".Well this is one show where the drama and mystery has been stretched to keep the viewer glued. With 200 episodes complete, viewers can expect more mystery and drama to unfold soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921996", "title": "More ISI agents under cops' scanner", "text": "AHMEDABAD: ISI sub-agents recruited by Idrish Pinjara and his elder brother Aslam Pinjara are now under the scanner of city crime branch officials who are probing the case. Idrish was detained by the crime branch officers on Sunday from Jamnagar.Aslam has gone missing ever since the first two ISI agents - Sirajuddin Fakir and Ayub Shaikh - were arrested by the crime branch. The probe agency suspects that Aslam has already fled to Pakistan.\"While Idrish, who was an employee with Jamnagar Municipal Corporation, used to gather intelligence on the Indian Air Force airbase there, Aslam was the coordinator for all other sub-agents and was also responsible for sending the intelligence to his ISI handler in Karachi - Tahir Khan. Tahir has been recruiting agents for Gujarat,\" said a crime branch official. Police probe has revealed that five years back Aslam had been to Pakistan on a 15-day visitors' visa. He, however, over-stayed there by five years. During this period, he came in touch with Tahir. \"Later, he returned to Jamnagar and joined his brother Idrish in gathering information and sending it to ISI,\" said the official.\"Aslam recruited four other ISI agents who have been identified by us and are now under surveillance. The sub-agents too used to collect air base information. These information they passed on to Aslam who then emailed it to ISI. Idrish is proving to be a hardcore spy who refuses to divulge anything. We've tracked down the electronic money transfer route taken by ISI to send money to its agents in Gujarat,\" said a senior crime branch official.Crime branch has now sought more details from the international money transfer firm that was used by Tahir to send money to Gujarat. \"We've asked the firm what amount of money had been given to Idrish till date,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922395", "title": "Citizens foresee a health calamity", "text": "BANGALORE: The garbage situation has been worsened by nightly showers, and Bangaloreans are fuming over the all-pervasive stink.\"The thought of what the situation will be like is nightmarish. People will dump flowers and gourd used for the festivities. The BBMP's helplessness is only leading the city towards a health calamity,\" said B Ramakrishna Udupa, secretary, JP Nagar 1st Phase Residents' Welfare Association.Vilasini Rajagopalan, member, Viveknagar Mahila Samaj, an RWA, said: \"Our street is better off because of segregation at source. But other streets are submerged in muck.\"SEGREGATION SUBVERTEDAreas known for their success with segregation too drifted into the sea of muck. HMT Layout in RT Nagar has not been swept in four days. The layout falls in the Yelahanka zone which, according to the BBMP, had achieved 100% success in the segregation-at-source drive.\"Segregated garbage has not been lifted from our area for four days now. We were expecting it to be lifted before the festival, but that has not happened. Now with people offering puja for the next two days, the situation will go from bad to worse,\" said T Vidyadhar, honorary president, VV Nagar RWA (HMT Layout).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16924198", "title": "Ijaz Ahmed remains on bail until next hearing", "text": "LAHORE: Former Pakistan Test batsman Ijaz Ahmed, charged in a forgery case, has been allowed by a local court to remain on bail until the next date of hearing on November 10.Judicial magistrate, Imtiaz Ahmed didn't issue any arrest warrants after several hearings of the case, which dates back to March 2009 when Ijaz was first arrested in the forgery case.Two local businessmen had filed a police complaint in 2009 against Ijaz that he issued them forged cheques of around Rs 10 million for a property deal.Ijaz, 44, spent nearly six weeks in jail until May, 2009 but the court later accepted his plea to be allowed bail.The former hard hitting batsman said he would be appealing the decision.\"I will appeal through my lawyer and try to get my name cleared in this case, which is a false one to defame me,\" he said.Ijaz, who played 60 Tests and 250 One-day Internationals, remains employed with the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) at its National Cricket Academy in Lahore. He has also served as fielding coach of the national team until recently.This is not the first time that a Pakistani cricketer has ended up in a court case. Previously Wasim Akram , Imran Nazir , Akram Raza also had to fight cases when petitions were filed against them by citizens over issues.Raza, a former Test spinner, only last month was cleared by a local court in Lahore of being involved in a betting syndicate after he was picked up by the police during a raid at a bookmakers den.Ijaz, who has also served as a national selector, said that he had been given lot of support by everyone since the case was first filed against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922258", "title": "Poll-ready, B S Yeddyurappa lists out BJP targets", "text": "BANGALORE: Hit ya miss? That's the big question doing the rounds in political circles on former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's reported \"hit list\".The Lingayat strongman, almost certain to part ways with the party with which he was associated for 40 years, is now planning to make a dent in the BJP. He has reportedly prepared a hit list of BJP leaders, whom he plans to defeat when the state goes to polls next year. State BJP president and deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa tops the list, with the other deputy CM R Ashoka following him. According to a minister close to Yeddyurappa, the list also includes sitting MLAs.Higher education minister CT Ravi, medical education minister SA Ramdas, law minister S Suresh Kumar , health minister Aravind Limbavali among others find place in the list. \"Among MPs, HN Ananth Kumar is certain in the list. Other MPs will be decided as and when elections to Lok Sabha approach,\" he said.Sources maintained that it may not be surprising if Yeddyurappa himself contests against Eshwarappa from Shimoga assembly segment, leaving his home turf Shikaripur to his son and MP BY Raghavendra. When contacted, Eshwarappa said, \"Let Yeddyurappa contest against me from Shimoga, I welcome him.\" Yeddyurappa is also said to be eyeing Gundlupet assembly segment in Mysore district as he feels that the constituency has a good population of Lingayats.It may not be an easy task for Yeddyurappa to obliterate his targets at the hustings. Various factors like caste and region will have to be taken into account. Defeating Ashoka, Limbavali and Kumar in their constituencies in Bangalore may be a Herculean task for Yeddyurappa. Similarly, other ministers and MLAs have created their own influence among the voters.Sources said that Yeddyurappa's proposed party may not contest all the 224 assembly segments, but concentrate only on 10-15 districts, mostly in north Karnataka. \"He also has high hopes about a few constituencies in Mysore and Chamarajanagar,\" sources said.WHO'S IN THE HIT LIST?* According to Yeddyurappa's aides, state BJP president and deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa tops the list, with the other deputy CM R Ashoka following him.* Ministers CT Ravi, Balachandra L Jarkiholi, Govind M Karjol, SA Ramdas, SA Ravindranath, S Suresh Kumar, Aravind Limbavali are in the list. Ananth Kumar certain in list during LS polls.* In places where Yeddyurappa can't act directly on his rivals, he may have tacit understanding with Congress, JD(S), BSP, Left parties and Independents", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16924825", "title": "Attack on SSO: Powermen threaten to go on strike", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The grade III and IV power employees have threaten to boycott work if the accused who assaulted sub station officer (SSO) of Kanpur Road power sub station in Civil Lines were not arrested. The employees have also threatened to snap power supply in the city to press for their demand.However, additional city magistrate and circle officer have assured to arrest the accused within two days. Meanwhile, the condition of SSO who was assaulted on Thursday night continues to remain serious.Power staff in the city had gone on a flash strike on Friday and snapped the power supply of several localities in protest against the attack on SSO.As per reports, SSO Vinod Kumar was attending his duties on Thursday night at Kanpur road sub station when local residents informed him that a buffalo had got entangled in an electricity pole where live current was running.The SSO sent two linemen to the spot and disconnected the power supply of the area. In the meantime, the buffalo, however, died after which its owner reportedly attacked the linemen.Later, the buffalo owner went to the Kanpur road sub station and attacked the SSO.An FIR was lodged against the buffalo owner while Singh was admitted to TB Sapru hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16922185", "title": "Japanese warships in Kochi for joint exercise", "text": "KOCHI: Two naval ships of the Southern Naval Command on Monday conducted basic exercises with two Japanese defence ships off Kochi coast.According to Navy officials, two Japanese Maritime Self-Defence Force Ships\u2014Uraga, a minelayer, and Hachijyo, a mine hunter, conducted the exercises with INS Sharda and INS Kalpeni of the Southern Naval Command. The ships had called at Kochi on October 20 while returning after participating in a major minesweeping exercise off the coast of Bahrain, in which 33 nations took part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914759", "title": "Yash Chopra cremated, Bollywood bids farewell", "text": "With moist eyes and prayers on their lips, family and friends bid farewell to Indian cinema's 'King of romance' Yash Chopra at a crematorium in Mumbai this afternoon .Bedecked with flowers, Chopra's body was brought to the Pawan Hans crematorium in Juhu in an ambulance, with only family members and close friends inside, including his sons Aditya and Uday, and actors Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan .The mortal remains of the 80-year-old filmmaker were consigned to flames amid the presence of his family members, relatives and a number of Bollywood celebrities.The body was kept at the Yash Raj Films studio since last night for people to pay their respects.Several Bollywood celebrities including Rani Mukerji, Preity Zinta , Prasoon Joshi, Mukesh Bhatt, Raj Kundra , Suresh Oberoi, Siddharth Roy Kapoor, Kiran Rao, Rohit Shetty , Bharat Shah, Adnan Sami , Rajpal Yadav and Homi Adjania were present at the crematorium.There was chaos outside the Yash Raj Films studio as hundreds of people turned up to catch a glimpse of the filmmaker.Chopra passed away at the Lilavati hospital at 5.30 PM yesterday due to dengue and multiple organ failure.Salman Khan , Karan Johar , Dilip Kumar with wife Sairo Banu, Amitabh Bachchan, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Jaya, Madhur Bhandarkar, Anil Kapoor, Sridevi, Boney Kapoor , Kajol, Dimple Kapadia, Rinkie Khanna and others started coming since yesterday at Lilavati hospital, his residence in Juhu and YRF studio in Andheri to pay their last respects.Chopra, who celebrated his 80th birthday on September 27, had announced his retirement from direction after a career spanning five deacades.Jab Tak Hai Jaan , his 22nd and last film, starring SRK, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma , is slated to release on November 13.A song from the film was to be shot in Switzerland on a grand level but the trip had to be cancelled after Chopra was admitted to Lilavati hospital on October 13.Born on September 27, 1932 in Lahore , now in Pakistan , Chopra was the youngest of eight children, one of whom was elder brother B R Chopra, who was already an established name in the film industry.Chopra came to Mumbai with Rs 200 in his pocket and dreams of becoming a filmmaker though his family wanted him to take up the profession of engineering.He started his journey in the film industry as an assistant to I S Johar and later worked under his elder brother, making his directorial debut in 1959 with Dhool Ka Phool .A trendsetter, Chopra directed Dharamputra, Ittefaq and Indian cinema's first multi-starrer Waqt .He set up his own production company Yash Raj Films in 1970 and made his first movie Daag under the new banner.Chopra then helmed Deewar , which gave Amitabh Bachchan the image of Angry young man . He directed other intense films like Trishul, Kaala Patthar, Mashaal , Vijay before shifting to romance genre with Silsila and Kabhie Kabhie , again with Bachchan.Romance became the main element in Chopra's later films like Chandni, Lamhe, Dil Toh Pagal Hai and Veer-Zaara .Chopra is also remembered for making the careers of many Bollywood actors, including Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan.Later, the family of the veteran filmmaker, including his sons Aditya and Uday, took the body in an ambulance to Pawan Hans crematorium in Juhu for the last rites.A bus was arranged for staff members of the YRF studio who want to go to the crematorium ground while the celebrities drove in their own vehicles.In the morning, a number of celebrities came to pay their last respects to Chopra at the Yash Raj Films studio, where his body was kept from last night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921888", "title": "India, China team up with developing nations at climate talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could change the contours of climate change negotiations, India and China have successfully brought together a disparate group of developing countries to take on the EU and its new-found friends \u2014 small and least developed countries.Its an odd set \u2014 Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Egypt, Thailand, Malaysia, Argentina and about three dozen other developing countries \u2014 but they have been stitched into a new climate alliance by India and China to help define the new global climate regime.In a just concluded meeting of the new formation called the 'Like Minded Developing Countries on Climate Change' in Beijing, the group came out with a strong statement backing India's demand for integrating equity and the principle of common but differentiated responsibility into any new regime.The group came together at the Durban climate meet in 2011, when emerging economies found the least developed countries and the association of small island countries more closely allied with the EU. India's initiative at Durban ensured that the EU did not get away with an outright decision to have a new global deal that India and China believed would have broken the existing climate convention's rules.While the countries were not represented as a formal group at the talks, they continued to coordinate through negotiations in 2012 with the Beijing meeting, just before the annual climate change negotiations begin, culminating in a statement that is bound to gain attention from other nations.Though the BASIC formation of four countries - India, China, South Africa and Brazil \u2014 along with the G77 group remains intact, the like-minded countries' group has already stirred feverish buzz at the climate talks.After the decision at Durban by all countries to negotiate a new deal for post-2020 global climate regime, the year saw strong attempts to push a higher level of commitment from developing countries to reduce emissions in the run-up to 2020, delinking it from financial and technological flows from the rich countries.The developing countries fought back to ensure that all future decisions, whether for the pre-2020 period or post-2020 era, are taken under the existing convention's principles which maintain the firewall between rich and poor countries.While EU's alliance of small island states and least developed countries was seen in favour of the latter set, which would not have to undertake mitigation action considering their small economies, several developing countries expressed reservations against moving only on the issue of emissions reduction while stalling negotiations on the associated finance and technology transfer issues.With the India and China-backed like-minded group reiterating these concerns, the upcoming meeting at Qatar is bound to see new battle-lines been drawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "16925310", "title": "Durga Puja: Unique devotion attracts revellers", "text": "RAMGARH: An ardent devotee of Goddess Durga, who has kept a kalash on his chest and is lying on the ground without food to seek happiness for his village, has become the attraction of puja revellers.Dhananjay Karmali (42) of village Badgaon under Mandu block of the district lying on the ground in a place near his house with a kalash kept on his chest and without food for last seven days has many in awe.Wife of devotee Dananjay Karmali said her husband has great faith in Goddess Durga and he has been doing this for the past two years. \"This Navaratra too he decided to keep a kalash on his chest for nine days,\" his wife said. \"It is all because of the blessings of the Goddess that he survives nine days without food and water,\" she added.Meanwhile, Birendra Kumar Rana of Atna village near Badgaon, who visited Dhananjay's house on eve of Navaratra to encourage him to continue with his devotion towards Goddess Durga, said he was extremely surprised that a man could survive without food and water for nine days. \"He is getting divine energy from the Goddess and though lakhs of devotees go through daylong fast, this unique devotee has made a record of fasting for nine days,\" he said.A family member from devotee Karmali's family said he wanted to please the Goddess through his extra-ordinary devotion and seek his village's happiness as blessing. \"He firmly believes that the village receives blessings of the Goddess,\" the family members said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16924019", "title": "All are invited to Fancy Bazar's 'yagnashala'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Puja pandals in the city, like every year, are flaunting diverse themes. Some are using it as an occasion to put across social messages, spread awareness about the ecosystem or simply pay tribute to a legend. A 90-ft trishul, a mechanized 'singing' Bhupen Hazarika, a pandal with the facade of Gujarat's Somnath temple, artwork depicting wildlife and human cruelty - committees have come up with these ideas and more to rake in the maximum footfall this festive season.But the Fancy Bazar Durga Puja Samiti has kept it simple with an aim keep up the true spirit of Durga Puja. The eco-friendly pandal is based on the theme of a yagnashala, or sacrificial pit in heaven.The pyramidal structure, made of bamboo, straw and mud, is in the form of a yagna pit, one that emulates a yagnashala in heaven as depicted in Hindu mythology. Cylindrical balloons hang from bamboo poles, which have been structured in such a way that they supports the ceiling. Red and yellow festoons and lighting highlights the vibrant decor.\"The idea is based on a yagna in heaven. The budget has been fixed around Rs 9.5 lakh. We decided on the theme in keeping with the puja spirit. The elements for the decor have been chosen carefully and we have avoided those that are not traditional,\" said Partho Pratim Chaliha, vice-president of the puja committee.The committee has installed CCTVs inside the pandal as per the guidelines laid down by the local administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922287", "title": "Mocktails to order at Sector-15 'jagran'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Jagrans\" (all night worship of God amid music and dance), which are a common practice in the Hindu faith, are gradually becoming more cosmopolitan in nature.In one such out-of-the-box divine \"jagran\" in Sector 15, an assortment of juices, shakes and mocktails were served to worshippers at a special counter. Besides, live demonstration of episodes from epics, high-powered speakers, sound and light systems were used to add glitter to the \"jagran\", which was open for public.Meenakshi Ghai, a devotee at the Sector 15 \"jagran\", said, \"This 'jagran' is a blend of traditional and modern traditions. While some are enjoying religious songs, others are trying out mocktails available here. This is not a 'regular' jagran for the elderly; one can spot youngsters too enjoying the traditional flavour.\"Kritika Sinha, an engineering student, said, \"This jagran is not at all boring - I specially loved the live 'jankhis' showing Sai Baba in the backdrop of music and light effects.\"The \"jagran\" with open community kitchen was organized by Kumars of Sector 15. The venue was packed as early as 9.45pm and singers, musicians and special artists had come from Sangrur in Punjab to enthrall the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921332", "title": "Civic body wakes up to daytime sting of dengue mosquito", "text": "MUMBAI: Jolted by the death of filmmaker Yash Chopra , reportedly due to dengue and other complications, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation has swung into action. It has identified common mosquito-breeding sites in workplaces and is launching a drive to sensitise office administrations.The dengue-causing mosquito, Aedes Agyptes, attacks during the day, when a majority of citizens are at work. That is why, officials said, it has become imperative for the BMC to educate offices about the hazards of stagnant water. As first step in its campaign, the corporation has identified the areas in offices where mosquito-breeding sites have most often been witnessed. \"We will target workplaces. We will educate their housekeeping departments, who in turn will be able to keep an eye on water-collection and mosquito-breeding sites,\" said additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar.In the past, the BMC had one drive to tackle malaria and dengue. Now however, it will make a difference between the two. While the anti-malaria drive focused on slums and construction sites, the campaign to keep dengue in check will concentrate on workplaces and high-rises.The separation, experts said, is essential. The malaria-spreading Anopheles mosquito thrives on stagnant water, whereas the dengue-causing Aedes needs a steady supply of fresh water. Anopheles needs large water bodies to breed in, while the Aedes can breed in small spots.The BMC said it has, in surveys, found mosquito-breeding sites near offices' AC ducts, below water coolers, in dishes under potted plants, and in fountains, Feng Shui bamboos as well as flower arrangements.The corporation is hoping that, just like its anti-malaria drive, its campaign to check dengue will show results. It, in fact, claimed that the tally of dengue positives has slipped since the first week of October. \"In the first week, 68 dengue positive cases were recorded with us. In the second week, the number was 75 and last week 55,\" Mhaiskar said on Monday.Doctors explained that not all dengue positive patients suffer serious complications. \"The aged and those with existing problems-such as kidney and heart complications-are more susceptible to hemorrhagic fever due to dengue,\" said Dr Shahid Barmare, who consults in Kohinoor Hospital, Kurla. It is thus vital that measures are taken to prevent the spread of Aedes. Using repellents or mosquito nets at night is not much help against dengue.\"We have been contact tracing all positive dengue cases with civic hospitals so that mosquito spread in the vicinity can be detected. We are also collecting emails of co-operative societies so that we can send a list of dos and don'ts,\" said Mhaiskar, adding that public action is needed since the BMC cannot go to every house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16921559", "title": "Screening exposes attempted kidney sale in Madurai", "text": "CHENNAI: Organ trade is not a thing of the past in Tamil Nadu, as a recent incident of attempted kidney sale has shown.For the first time, the state authorization committee in-charge of approving organ transplants has published the names and mobile phone numbers of mediators involved in kidney trade.On an application filed on behalf of patient Ramesh by the Madurai-based Meenakshi Mission Hospital and Research Centre, the committee said, \"The donor himself accepted he is not related. Donor revealed that one mediator Ayyavoo (phone number 9095197052) of Erode helped for donation of 1 lakh.\"This was among the three applications that the committee rejected on October 19.The other two applications, including one of a foreign patient, were rejected for \"lack of clarity on relationship between the donor and the recipient\" and \"contradictory statements regarding address.\"The Transplant of Human Organs Act has banned sale of human organs. Although the act permits people who are non-blood relatives to donate an organ, it mandates that such a donation can happen only after it is approved by a state-level authorisation committee.For this, the committee of Tamil Nadu, chaired by director of medical education C Vamsadhara, meets periodically to assess applications filed by various hospitals licensed to do transplant in the state. For the last two years, it has video recorded meetings and published results online.Mediator Ayyavoo's phone wasn't reachable. Doctors at the Meenakshi Mission Hospital said there was an internal inquiry on the issue, but refused to elaborate. Senior health department officials said they have filed a police complaint in all the three cases. \"We suspect there is a violation. We will proceed against them legally. Brokers will be brought to book and if we find hospitals are involved in the racket, action will be initiated against them.We won't hesitate to cancel their licence,\" said a senior health department official.Tamil Nadu has often come under flak from human rights activists for organ trafficking. In 2011, the government made it mandatory for the authorisation committee to publish results online and videograph the results. \"We are now going one step ahead,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "tezpur", "code": "16924180", "title": "Courage under fire", "text": "TEZPUR: At 77, Dhanraj Rajak still holds his head high with pride over the fact that he did not flee his hometown, Tezpur, even as the threat of an advancing enemy army loomed large during the Chinese Aggression of 1962.While all his neighbours fled with their family members and valuables when the Chinese stormed through Arunachal Pradesh and hovered at the border of Assam, Rajak, despite being unarmed, stayed put at his home and hearth and vowed to guard his 60-member extended family.\"What was there to fear? Had they (the Chinese) come to Tezpur, they would have either shot me or completely ignored me. If they had asked me anything, I would have answered them,\" says Rajak, as he dries a bucket of washed and starched clothes - he is a washerman by profession.It's obvious by the way he talks about the town residents who had fled in fear of the Chinese army that he had considered their act cowardly. \"Almost the whole of Tezpur had fled, some to Shillong and others to Guwahati and Nagaon. The mouzadar, Lal Mohan Choudhury, had assured us all protection should the Chinese invade Tezpur. He had a gun. But the morning after we heard the Chinese were at the Assam border, I found that the mouzadar had also fled,\" Rajak says with a hearty laugh.On November 20, Bomdila in Tawang, Arunachal Pradesh, the last Indian resistance in the path of the Chinese, fell. Just about 150 km southwards, Tezpur was transformed into a ghost town. \"There were just a handful of people left here apart from our family. The town was surrounded by armymen and their tanks. The Army was busy with its own activities and did not interact with the local people,\" explains the septuagenarian.The old man is a treasure trove of war-time tales. \"When the people started to flee, the State Bank of India burnt all Indian currency notes by a pond called the Tinkunia Padum Pukhuri. We saw heaps of notes going up in flames. Then they dumped sacks of coins into the pond. For many years, there would be young men trying to fish out coins from the pond, but I have not ever heard of anyone finding even a single coin from the pond,\" he says.He also shares the tale of how a Chinese spy was found inside the Indian army camp at Misamari close to Tezpur. \"The Army personnel told us how the spy was caught and shot dead.\"Rajak and his family faced a shortage of supplies during the war but managed to pull through the crisis. \"I got my regular supply of rum at Rs 7.50 per bottle from the Army. I was happy with that,\" he beams.Rajak's grandfather had migrated to Tezpur during the British rule and his father was born here. Rajak struggles to recollect the name his native place in Bihar. \"I think it was Ara district,\" he says after some time, adding, \"My father did not allow us to explore our roots and so I can't remember exactly where my grandfather came from.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921250", "title": "Chain snatching: Cops to seek people's help", "text": "PUNE: Police commissioner Gulabrao Pol said on Monday that the city police would rope in students and residents to prevent the rising chain snatching incidents in the city.The commissioner said there has been an increase in chain snatching incidents during the festive season. \"Our policemen are continuously patrolling in their jurisdiction and keeping a close watch on the activities of criminals on police record. Despite this, chain snatchings take place everyday,\" he said, addressing a press conference.Pol said that the police department has decided to start a preventive action programme after the Navaratra festival. \"We will study the modus operandi of the criminals, the areas where they normally strike and the timings of the incidents,\" said Pol, adding that the prevention plan would be prepared on the basis of the study.When asked about the inquiry initiated against assistant commissioner of police Vitthal Pawar, Pol said that deputy commissioner of police (zone-IV) Manoj Patil was conducting the inquiry. \"I have heard from sources that the youngsters in the programme were under the influence of alcohol and hence weren't behaving properly. However, everything will come out after the inquiry,\" he said. tnnThree chains snatchedThree incidents of chain snatching took place on Sunday and Monday in different parts of the city.On Sunday afternoon, around 2 pm, Gauri Rajwade (30) of Nigdi Pradhikararn was heading home, when two persons on a motorcycle stopped her on the pretext of asking an address. The pillion rider snatched her gold chain worth Rs 45,000 and fled.On Monday, one incident took place at Mundhwa in which the suspects on a motorcycle snatched a gold chain worth Rs 25,000 from Pallavi Mangalam (38) of Mundhwa. Another incident took place at Vagherenagar in Pimpri around 8.30 pm. Two motorcycle borne suspects snatched a gold chain worth Rs 84,000 from 56-year-old Shanta Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921209", "title": "BMC junks land use survey 'flaws'", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has refuted all claims made by the Urban Design Research Institute (UDRI) about a \"flawed\" survey of the existing land use (ELU) plan, which will form the basis of the 2014 Development Plan (DP).The UDRI found at least 1,200 discrepancies and mismatches between satellite imagery, the 1991 DP and the ELU survey.However, a report prepared by BMC-appointed consortium Group SCE India says there are only six mistakes in and there was no subversion of 1,200 sites, as claimed by UDRI.One of the discrepancies pointed out by UDRI was how plots of six city colleges-JJ School of Arts, KC College, St Xavier's College, Jai Hind College, Institute of Science and Siddharth College-had been marked as commercial in the survey.\"There was a mistake in creation of the PDF file that was sent to UDRI. It showed these educational institutes as commercial plots.But the plan submitted to the state government shows the plots as educational institutes. It was shown and conveyed to UDRI and yet they made an issue and approached the media. Other than that, we have learnt there is no discrepancy in the survey,\" said a BMC official from DP department.The UDRI had said the land use classification of at least 1,200 plots differed markedly in the BMC document. Many plots earmarked as no-development zones in 1991 DP, which is still in force, were shown as residential.UDRI had stated that such mistakes might end up regularizing illegalities in the 1991 DP blueprint. The official said that the BMC will make an elaborate statement on the same this week.The official said, \"Worli Fort and Mahim Fort have not disappeared. Slums and koliwadas, which exist on the forts's land today, have been shown. We will submit a detailed validation against the ELU plan this week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921141", "title": "Jet loses Rs10cr bid deposit for MMRDA plot", "text": "MUMBAI: Jet Airways is set to lose the Rs 10-crore earnest money deposit (EMD) it had made to the MMRDA to purchase land at the Bandra-Kurla Complex in 2008. Metropolitan commissioner Rahul Asthana on Monday said, \"Jet had bid for our land in 2008, but did not make payments. Jet made a successful Rs 826-crore bid for the 5,900 sq ft plot.\"Asthana said Jet subsequently decided to withdraw the bid, following which the MMRDA decided to not refund the EMD.\"We are, however, not levying any penalty on Jet Airways as it is not required. The case is simply about violation of the bid condition, for which we have retained the EMD,\" he said, adding that the land was in possession of the MMRDA. \"It is in the same condition as before, so there is no question of imposing any penalty,\" he added.Jet Airways had, in the past, asked the MMRDA to grant it some time to pay for the plot. It had till date only paid the EMD for the land, on which it had plans to build its headquarters.Meanwhile, Asthana said, \"At the executive meeting today, we are offering an additional built-up area of 5.45 hectares (about 54,000 square meters) in the 'E' Block - predominantly commercial zone - of the Bandra-Kurla Complex. As there are no vacant plots available in 'E' Block, the additional build-up area is offered to the existing plot holders at a premium of 200% of the ready-reckoner rate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922342", "title": "It\u2019s high time we got out of this landfill mentality", "text": "Have you spotted a garbage truck lately? Is it collecting trash, or is it simply parked in a dark corner? Do you see the heaps gathering about town again? Is the news full of Mandur and Mavallipura once again? It was all predictable. And the sooner we accept that, the better the city will be.First, we must get away from the 'landfill' mentality. BBMP, aided by the state government , prefers to search for new landfill sites in different parts of the metropolitan region rather than focus on reducing the generation of trash in the first place. Each new location is simply another spot for more trouble.A system that has become used to transportation of waste naturally resists a new order in which transport is not very important but waste handling skill is the priority. Which is why we keep reading about resistance of councillors as well as contractors to any new way of managing waste.How can this be overcome? Simple. Bring the citizens into the picture. As long as we leave it to administrators and elected representatives to devise a new system, it will be impossible to override the vested interests of the contractors, and the collusion with politics. In a democracy, there is one obvious group which, if properly empowered , can wipe away old entrenched interests . This group \u2014 the voters \u2014 must be made the centre-piece of the system.The Karnataka Municipal Corporations Act, the Community Participation Law and the 74th Constitutional Amendment Act all require the participation of citizens in overseeing solid waste management through ward committees in each ward. The government totally ignored these laws, and not even bothered to set up the ward committees.Why? Because citizens have expectations of performance , and therefore our political system, which is used to under-performance or nonperformance , naturally obstructs citizens' participation. But there is no way around this problem except by properly engaging the citizens. Let us devise a system in which landfill-avoidance is the principle.The state government can push this along by doing one simple thing. Ban the movement of waste across municipal boundaries and force BBMP to take responsibility for waste generated within its territory. A 'Dumping Saaku' (dumping enough) legislation will once and for all close the option of creating more Mandurs , and force us to look within ourselves for the change we wish to see.(The writer is a member of ABIDe)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922710", "title": "UP at the bottom of sanitation pyramid", "text": "LUCKNOW: For a chief minister who has promised all-round development of Uttar Pradesh, here's a sobering thought. Four days before the state government is slated to participate in a Central government review where the status of implementation of rural drinking water and sanitation programmes will be assessed, UP's position at the bottom of the pyramid has already been confirmed.In a comparative analysis of states, released by the Union ministry of drinking water and sanitation, UP has registered the poorest performance in meeting the targets of the Annual Implementation Plan 2012-13. Emerging lowest on nearly all counts, in implementing the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (NBA), for instance, UP has remained a laggard in constructing individual household latrines (IHHLs), constructing school toilets, as well as in constructing toilets for anganwadi centres. Curiously, UP is also sitting on the largest unspent cash reserves under the NBA -- nearly Rs 150 crore.In agenda notes sent out by the Union ministry to the state government, the Centre has compared eight states with UP on their physical progress of the NBA targets till September under AIP 2012-13. Comparing UP with Andhra Pradesh , Goa, Kerala, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Puducherry, Tamil Nadu and Uttarakhand , the Centre has said UP only met 2.59% of its target until September end.According to the data supplied by the ministry, of 15.05 lakh individual household IHHLs that UP had to construct by September, only 39,000 IHHLs -- a paltry 2.59% -- were constructed. Shockingly, the state did not commission the construction of a single toilet in schools and anganwadi centres throughout the current fiscal, even though the targets under both categories were identified as 30,070 and 6,309 toilets respectively.For once, paucity of funds cannot have been the cause of the nodal agency -- the department of Panchayati Raj's -- laxity. Though chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has been writing to the Centre demanding the release of additional Central funds, the ministry's data suggests UP is sitting on the highest unspent balance, with the department having registered nearly no work during the current fiscal. On April 1, at the beginning of the financial year, the department of Panchayati Raj had Rs 94.27 crore as opening balance. This year, the Centre released a total of Rs 130.40 crore to the department, of which Rs 80 crore has been shown as spent, so far. Put together, the department, according to official data, is sitting on Rs 144.41 crore of unspent money; funds that should have been used to construct the toilets but have not.Though UP is to receive a total of Rs 257.91 crore during 2012-13, the Centre has so far released Rs 128.95 crore. The agenda note dispatched to UP also says that the first instalment was released on condition that records of the previous years are regularized, something that has still not been done.Though officials from the department remained evasive about the reasons for not spending the allotted amount, or the status of previous accounts, officials from the Congress party accused the government of having reneged on its promise to help the rural masses. Speaking to TOI, member of All India Congress Committee and chairman of MNREGS Monitoring Committee, Sanjay Dixit said: \"With NBA now converged with the National Rural Employment Guarantee scheme, we, as a party, have decided to ensure that the scheme is implemented properly. Over the next three months, we will deploy our men in the panchayats to ensure that every beneficiary gets the allotted amount of Rs 10,000 and toilets are built.\"In June, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had raised the amount for construction of IHHLs from Rs 4,600 to nearly Rs 10,000. It also scrapped the distinction of BPL and APL families and revamped NBA. The Centre also said it would now contribute Rs 3,200 towards the constriction of IHHLs, while the state would contribute Rs 1,400 and the beneficiary Rs 900. Through convergence with UPA's flagship Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, an additional sum of Rs 4,500 would also be generated for constructing individual household latrines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922794", "title": "Infant mortality rate down, but misses target", "text": "LUCKNOW: The recently released Sample Registration Survey shows but only a marginal decrease in the state's infant mortality rate (IMR). The number of infant deaths per 1,000 live births has come down to 61 from 63. Though this has contributed to bringing down the national average, the state is far below the target it fixed at the onset of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). In 2007, when NRHM began, the government declared it would bring down IMR to 36 per 1,000 live births. But, the target is a distant dream. What is worse is that considering the present pace of progress, UP needs another 10 years to achieve the target.An infant is a child aging between 4 to 52 weeks old while infant mortality rate (or the number of infants dying among every 1,000 live births) is an important health and development indicator. Despite the 'good news', there is a long way before the state can heave a sigh of relief. The reason is that even now, UP reports the maximum number of infant deaths in the country. Estimates indicate that close to a thousand infants are dying every day, making UP account for over 25 per cent of total infant deaths reported across the country.Infant mortality is a vicious problem in the state. It has reined problems of early marriages, inherent malnutrition, poor access to health services and prevention of diseases into one. A study undertaken by community medicine department of Aligarh Muslim University's medical college has proof. Its paper titled causes of death among infants of rural cluster-a research based on verbal autopsy that was published in the current paediatric research volume 15 issue 1-concluded that birth asphxiya, pneumonia, prematurity and malnutrition were the chief reasons for death of children.\"The reduction is not sufficient at all if UP and India were to achieve the millennium development goal (MDG),\" says Jashodhara Das, a health activist. The state has promised to reduce IMR to one-third by 2015 to achieve the MDG. More over, the state is far behind the targets it thrived to achieve in the five-year term of the national rural health mission (NRHM) of 36 per thousand live births. Of the total infant deaths in UP, close to 64 per cent are neonates or children up to an age of four weeks. Health experts are of the view that over 80 per cent of the neonates can be saved. Unfortunately, these babies die mainly due to lack of timely intervention.Health activists said neonatal deaths were the main factor that lead to a high IMR for UP. \"Once it is controlled, half the target is accomplished,\" they stated. Dr Vishwajeet Kumar of Johns Hopkins University , whose team has worked in the Shivgarh block of Rae Bareli and brought down the neonatal death rate by 54 per cent, maintains the same. What's the key to success? Dr Vishwajeet said, \"Public participation and strengthening of health services is required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922509", "title": "Bangalore houses all dolled up this season", "text": "BANGALORE: Dasara is that season of the year when every other residence in the city turns into a doll's house. Generations of dolls have been dusted off the attics and shelves and displayed in thousands of houses during this festive season, which is also called as Gombe Habba ( Festival of Dolls).Innovation marks some of these displays with the dolls narrating entire epics or chapters from them.The 10 avatars of Lord Vishnu are the theme of the doll show at 16-year-old Shrisha Bharadwaj's Basavangudi residence.\"This year we have as many as 5,000 dolls and the theme is Dashavatara,\" said the I PU student of Mount Carmel College. Gombe Habba is an annual event at her house for 15 years, drawing curious crowds from the neighbourhood.\"We get 150 visitors daily on an average. As a tradition, we also offer 'taambula' (betel leaves and coconut or fruit) to all visitors,\" said Shrisha.Another impressive doll house in the city is 60-year-old M Bhagyalakshmi's. 'The legend of Thiruppavai' is the theme of her display created around 1,000 dolls. \"The theme has 30 poems translated into Kannada from Tamil. We also have around 4,000 other dolls made of sandalwood, silver, ivory and jute. They have been brought from different parts of the world,\" said Bhagyalakshmi.Sandhya Kumar, a resident of Banashankari, believes Gombe Habbas should be informative as well. \"I have come up with the theme of 'Tirupati Venkateshwara with Padmavati and Sridevi'. I started this tradition 10 years ago with only five sets of dolls. Now it runs into around 5,000 dolls,\" she said.There is more to the city's doll houses beyond mythology. \"I have narrated 23 chapters from the Ramayana as also music, dance and drama with over 1,000 dolls'', said Suma Shivakumar, a resident of Vijaynagar.Another spectacular doll house in the city is at the residence of Sushil Kumar S of Malleswaram. Using 255 dolls, Sushil has come up with three different 'alankarams' of Goddess Saraswati.Vijaya Karnataka Gombe Habba contestVijaya Karnataka, a sister publication of the Times of India, conducted the 6{+t}{+h} Vijaya Karnataka Gombe Habba contest in Bangalore and Mysore.In Bangalore, the contest has received over 1,000 entries and 10 finalists were short-listed based on SMS-based responses from readers. The winners were chosen on Monday. They were Shrisha Bharadwaj ( I prize); Bhagyalakshmi (II prize) and Sushil Kumar S (III prize). Sandhya Kumar was chosen for a special judges' prize, while seven others were presented consolation prizes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16921243", "title": "Millionaire deities leave for Kullu Dussehra", "text": "MANALI: Adorned with gold, silver, ashtadhatu and other metals, the millionaire deities of Kullu have started their three to four day-long journey to attend the weeklong Dussehra festivity starting October 24. Under police surveillance, palanquins of nearly 50 deities would reach Kullu after covering 150-200km on foot.Nearly 30 deities from Anni and Nirmand division, close to Shimla , have already reached the midway while about 70 deities from Banjar and Sainj valleys started their journeys on Monday. Around 50 deities would leave for Kullu on Tuesday and other nearby deities would start their journey to join the grand rath yatra (procession of chariot of Lord Rama) on Wednesday. Each palanquin is accompanied by 100 to 2,000 devotees. Official invitation has been sent to 290 deities and about 250 deities are likely to participate in the rath yatra.Most of the palanquins are adorned with many kilograms of gold and silver ornaments. According to Devi Devta Kardar Sangh president Dot Ram, police teams patrol the roads to ensure safety of the palanquins. \"We have been given phone numbers of all police stations and police posts by the district administration,\" he said.Followers of half-a-dozen deities from outer Siraj valley permanently keep the wooden structure of the palanquin in Kullu and carry only its metallic idols and decorative material. About 100 deities reach Kullu after crossing Beas at Aut village in Mandi. Their age-old path which has been submerged in reservoir of a hydel project dam at Larji would be recovered after releasing the waters. Lakhs of followers had demanded a permanent passage for palanquins from the same route. All the deities have been given land in Kullu where they camp for a week. Preparations would be made for accommodation of priests and honourable persons at the venue.Balu Nag and Shringa Rishi to join DussehraManali: Despite differences with Shringa Rishi, a prominent deity of Kullu; palanquin of Balu Nag is leaving for Dussehra, on Tuesday. Followers of Balu Nag and Shringa Rishi have been fighting for supremacy for many years and were excluded from the festivity after imposition of Section 144 in 2008. Followers of the two deities want their place to the right side of the chariot of Lord Raghunath in the annual procession. They had pelted stones at the police and at each other during Dussehra 2006 celebrations. Followers of Shringa Rishi had approached the high court last year and the court had directed organizers to respect Shringa Rishi and invite him with honour. But, fearing a clash, Balu Nag was not invited.According to a follower of the Balu Nag, they have decorated the palanquin and would join the rath yatra on Wednesday. Quoting the deity that he has refused to obey any official order, followers say the fight to get their right place would continue.Police eye on celebrationsTo prevent any untoward incident and ensure safety of lakhs of people and 290 deities, 1,600 cops would keep a tab on the law and order situation, Kullu superintendent of police Ashok Kumar said.Special bomb disposal squads, riot control force and sniffer dogs are being arranged. CCTVs have been installed at various places. Frequent nakas and raids would be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920012", "title": "Fake maid placement firm busted", "text": "NEW DELHI: The south district police have busted a fake placement agency that duped people on the pretext of providing them domestic helps. Three people identified as Arvind Kamat, Sukhi Mukhiya and Shyam, have been arrested in this regard.The accused took large sums of money from victims and planted a woman accomplice at their house. A day later, the maid would flee without notice. The gang had allegedly duped around 20 people of lakhs of rupees in this way, police said. \"The accused were arrested following a complaint by a Vasant Vihar-based businessman that he was cheated after being promised a trained maid to take care of his twin children,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP south.Sharma said the SHO of Vasant Vihar, Anil Sharma, found out that the businessman had hired a maid from Anupam Maid Bureau after reading an advertisement in a pamphlet. On October 12, he called the mobile numbers on the pamphlet and then met a man named Ganesh, who introduced himself as the owner of the agency and promised to provide a trained maid for a deposit of Rs 18,000 and a monthly salary of Rs 2,500. Two days later, Pankaj arrived with a maid.\"Pankaj received Rs 8,000 as commission and gave a receipt and an agreement. The victim took the maid to his in-laws' house in Noida where his wife and children were staying,\" the official said. The next day, the maid ran away. Although Ganesh promised to bring her back, that never happened.During investigation, police found the agency had declared fake addresses, but an auto driver informed that he had dropped a girl from Matiala to Greater Kailash. He took the police to the house and Pankaj was apprehended. At his instance, Ganesh was arrested from Matiala Extension and Shyam from Sukhi Ram Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16920945", "title": "Balaji rallies to progress into second round", "text": "MUMBAI: India's third seed N Sriram Balaji overcame some early jitters to tame a spirited challenge from compatriot Ramkumar Ramanathan in his opening round singles match of the CCI - ITF Men's $15,000 Tennis Tournament, at CCI Courts, on Monday. The Chennai-based Balaji pulled through at 7-5, 6-4 in an hour and 50 minutes.Balaji the second highest ATP ranked Indian player at 321 behind top seed Vishnu Vardhan (267) started off shakily and found himself trailing at 1-4 in the opening set before staging a brilliant recovery to clinch the first 7-5. He was in total control in the second and broke his opponents' serve in the ninth game before serving out for the match to advance to the second round.In another all-Indian contest between wild carders, Pune's Arjun Khade easily sidelined Kunal Anand from Delhi in straight sets at 6-3, 6-0 with a degree of comfort.Results:Singles 1st round: (WC)-Arjun Khade (IND) bt (WC)-Kunal Anand (IND) 6-3, 6-0; Nicolas Reissig (AUT) bt Ajai Selvaraj (IND) 6-3, 6-3; 6-Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan (IND) bt Vignesh Peranamallur (IND) 6-2, 6-3. 3-N. Sriram Balaji (IND) bt Ramkumar Ramanathan (IND) 7-5, 6-4.Final qualifying round: Lakshit Sood (IND) bt Abhijeet Tiwari (IND) 4-6, 6-3, 6-2; William Kendal (USA) bt Darshan Srinivasa (IND) 6-2, 6-0; Rakshay Thakkar (IND) bt Ronak Manjula (IND) 6-3, 6-7(5), 6-3; Neeraj Elangovan (IND) bt Anvit Bendre (IND) 6-3, 6-2; Jui-Chen Hung (TPE) bt Ting Yu Chuang (TPE) 7-6(1), 5-7, 7-5; Peng Chih Hsueh (TPE) bt Akash Wagh (IND) 6-2, 6-3; Sebastian Ofner (AUT) bt Rajat Maheshwari (IND) 6-4, 6-2; Jatin Dahiya (IND) bt Sagar Manjanna (IND) 7-6(11), 6-3.Doubles 1st round: 1-Saket Myneni/Purav Raja (IND) bt Anvit Bendre/Tejas Chaukulkar (IND) 6-0, 6-4; Vijayant Malik/Sunil-Kumar Sipaeya (IND) bt Ajai Selvaraj/Ashwin Vijayragavan (IND) 6-2, 7-5; Kunal Anand/Ronak Manuja (IND) bt Neeraj Elangovan/Fariz Mohammed (IND) 7-5, 6-4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16920868", "title": "Sanil, Ravindra sail into semifinals", "text": "MUMBAI: Men's top seed Sanil Shetty, the men's top seed and Ravindra Kotiyan sailed into semifinals of their respective events at the GSC-MSDTTA 3-star ranking table tennis tournament, hosted by Goregaon Sports Club on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi/nagpur", "code": "16920160", "title": "Questions swirl around source of funding of Gadkari's firm", "text": "NEW DELHI/NAGPUR: Grave questions have surfaced over the source of funds for Purti Power and Sugar Ltd, controlled by BJP president Nitin Gadkari . Investigations reveal significant investments and large loans to Purti by a construction firm, Ideal Road Builders (IRB) Group, which had won contracts between 1995 and 1999, when Gadkari was the PWD minister in Maharashtra.Besides IRB Group, the other significant shareholders in Purti are a clutch of 16 companies. TOI's investigations across four cities revealed that most addresses in which these companies are registered are unverifiable, and that the firms are controlled by Gadkari's close aides.Records of 2010-11 show that directors of these investor companies included Gadkari's driver, his 'diwan' (accountant) and two employees of Purti. One of them is said to be a friend of his son, Nikhil. The IRB connection is significant. The company and its promoter D P Mhaiskar together subscribed to 68.4 lakh shares of Purti. More importantly, an IRB firm, Global Safety Vision, loaned Rs 164 crore to Gadkari's company. The BJP chief, who is one of the seven promoters of Purti, currently holds just 310 shares worth Rs 3,100.When Gadkari met TOI in Nagpur on Monday, he denied any wrongdoing. \"I am ready to face any inquiry,\" he said. He added, \"I resigned as Purti chairman 14 months ago.\" TOI had withheld the story for 24 hours as the BJP chief was not available for comment initially.Global's loan came in a year when Purti had a turnover of Rs 145 crore and accumulated losses of Rs 48.94 crore. IRB Group's contribution in strengthening finances of Purti is noticeable on filings of the company over the years. Also, Global appointed its director Ganesh Gadre on Purti's board as a nominee director. Purti's power and sugar plants and the 47.69-hectare plot \u2014 on which the factories are housed \u2014 are mortgaged to Global.In a detailed reaction, Sudhir Dive, managing director of Purti Power and Sugar Limited, denied any irregularity in company's funding from IRB or other sources. \"Purti has losses of Rs 64 crore, Mhaiskar loaned us Rs 164 crore through Global, and we have repaid him Rs 62 crore which includes interest,\" said Dive.\"There's no suspicion around the investment, growth and associations of Purti Power and Sugar Limited,\" said Dive in a written reply to queries sent by TOI. \"All the companies are genuine and are 12-15 years old, they are also complying with all the rules and regulations,\" he asserted.However, TOI's investigation shows that most companies that invested in Purti don't exist at the addresses shown in the records of the Registrar of Companies.For instance, five of the investor companies \u2014 Nivita Trades, Swiftsol, Rigma Fintrade, Ashwami Sales and Marketing and Earnwell Traders \u2014 are shown as registered at Dube Chawl, a slum in Mumbai's Andheri East.Ramesh Dube, the owner of the chawl, maintained that no company had ever functioned from the area. \"I know of no one who has or currently operates an office in this colony,\" Dube told TOI.Three other major holders of the Group \u2014 Vidya Buildcon, Sanobar Infrastructure and Roller Multitrade \u2014 are registered at an address, Sri Nivas House in Mumbai's Fort Area, which actually belongs to the well-known Somani Group. When TOI visited the premises, members of the Somani family and their employees denied any knowledge of the firms which in official records operate from the same address.Inquiries revealed that it was actually Pradeep Vyas, a manager of Gujarat Composite Limited, a unit of the Bangar Group that operates from the same building, who had mentioned Somani's premises as that of the Purti investors. Vyas admitted mentioning Somani's premises as the address of Purti investors, saying that he did so at the instance of his chartered accountant friend, Chandrashekhar Sarda. When reached in Kolkata, Sarda said that the companies actually belonged to Kolkata-based investors. \"We liaison with them for ROC requirements,\" Sarda said.Just like their addresses, the credentials of the directors of Purti's investor companies are also intriguing. TOI inquired about four of the set who were directors in 16 firms that invested in Purti.Thus, Manohar Panse, who used to be Gadkari's driver, happened to be a director in five of Purti's investor companies. In fact, between 2009 and 2011, Panse was a director in six other companies as well. When contacted, Dive admitted that Panse was Gadkari's driver, but clarified that he is \"now a director of only one company.\" Incidentally, Panse was a key witness in the case where a seven-year-old girl was found dead in a car parked in Gadkari's residential complex in 2009.Likewise, the address of another director in some of these investor firms, Kawdu Pandurang Zade, is the same as Gadkari's in Nagpur. Zade, known as \"Diwan\" in the Gadkari household, was a director in 12 holding companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920604", "title": "\u2018We got info on deportation only from TV\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"My husband is innocent\". This is what Nikhat Parveen, wife of suspected Indian Mujahideen terrorist Fasih Mehmood, had to say when she first heard about her husband's arrest by the Delhi police on Monday morning.Talking to TOI over the phone from Darbangah, Bihar, Parveen said that Fasih has been illegally deported from Saudi Arabia and the police was framing her husband. \"This is all wrong. The police did not even inform me about his arrest. We only came to know about his deportation through news channels. I am leaving for New Delhi right away to meet him,\" she saidFasih Mahmood, a member of terror group Indian Mujahideen and suspected to have been involved in a conspiracy to set off bomb blasts in Bangalore and Delhi, was arrested by Delhi Police on Monday morning soon after his deportation from Saudi Arabia.As soon as the news of his deportation reached the family, Fasih's brother Sabih Mehmood reached the Tis Hazari court complex hoping to meet his brother.As he waited the whole day for the Delhi police to produce his brother before the magistrate after his arrest, Sabih told how his brother had gone to Saudi Arabia to earn a living. \"After finishing his engineering from Karnataka, Fasih started working with a company in Saudi Arabia as a mechanical engineer. He got married last year and everything was going fine for the family. Suddenly, we hear these allegations about him being a terrorist. We are a normal middle-class family from a small town and such allegations have ruined our lives,\" he said.In May, Fasih's wife has moved a Habeas corpus petition before the Supreme Court seeking that her husband, allegedly missing from Saudi Arabia, be traced and presented before court. She claimed that her husband, who worked in Saudi Arabia, was taken away from their home in Jubail on May 13 by Indian intelligence agents in the presence of Saudi police officials. This claim, was however, denied by the Central government.\"His wife was with him in Saudi Arabia on May 13, this year, and that was the day the police came and took him away. It's been more than five and a half months that we heard from Fasih or got to know his whereabouts,\" Sabih said.Sabih has been in the capital for more than five months co-coordinating with lawyers and tracking the case. He now hopes to meet his brother on Tuesday after the Delhi police called his house and asked him to come and meet his brother", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920896", "title": "HC strikes down playground allotment to Bhavan's school", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High court has struck down NIT's decision to transfer a land reserved as playground to Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan's school coming up at Bhamti Parsodi near Trimurti Nagar here.\"In our view, plot reserved as \"playground\" under development plan can't be deviated for any other purpose. It is needed for the children and citizens in the area for recreational activities,\" a division bench of Justices Pratap Hardas and Ashok Bhangale ruled before setting aside NIT's tender for allotment of area reserved as \"playground\" to the upcoming Bhavan's School.The court made it clear that the public interests lie in the reservation and preservation of open spaces for playground. \"It can't be sacrificed by transferring playground to private persons to establish sports complex, restaurant, swimming tank, and garden, where objective is to earn monetary gains/profits,\" the judges observed while allowing PIL filed by physical education lecturer Surendra Tiwari and Trimurti Nagar Ground Bachav Samiti.The petitioners had challenged NIT's decision to allot land reserved for primary and secondary schools and playground to Bhavan where the latter planned to set-up a restaurant. \"The nation needs best of talent in major sports to represent India at international level. Such playgrounds, as planned in Town Planning Scheme should subserve the need if kept available to children free of cost and at various places in the city under the MRTP Act,\" the judges added.Expressing concern over shrinking of playgrounds in the cities, the judges pointed out that the thickly populated urban areas need planned and controlled development. \"There is dearth of adequate open spaces where children can play, have an opportunity to train themselves and undertake career in major outdoor sports like cricket, football, and hockey, or at least to maintain their physical fitness,\" the judges pointed out.They further observed that playground can't be allowed to be bartered away and converted as a club/sports complex with restrictive user meant for handful of rich people in the society. \"It is duty of the local authority to maintain the playground for the benefit of common people. This is larger public interest,\" they said.Vindicating the petitioners for filing PIL, the court stated that the common people belonging to poor, weak, and disadvantaged society sometimes are ignorant due to their social and economic backwardness/difficulties. \"They may not be able to come forward to the court to enforce their fundamental and legal rights guaranteed in their favour. In such a case, any bona fide litigant can be allowed to come forward to protect public and social interest and vindicate the cause of justice to redress public injury. PIL has a great potential as it enables the court to see to it that justice must reach the doors of all those citizens in the area who could not come to the court due to their socio-economic difficulties,\" the judges remarked.The court, however, made it clear that even Bhavan's students could use the playground along with other children and common people from nearby areas. The Bhavan's was told to assist NIT in maintaining the playground in playworthy condition through financial help. \"Want of funds cannot be an excuse for local planning authority to shirk its statutory duty to maintain the playground,\" the court stated.Earlier, Anand Jaiswal, representing the petitioners, contended that there were 20 schools in the vicinity and new one was not needed. He pointed out that the area was already congested and the children, elders and common people have no other open space available for their daily morning or evening stroll and physical exercise, had no facility of \"playground\" except this public utility land.Bhavan's have been allotted 0.176 hectare land for primary school and 0.352 hectare for secondary school. Another 1.1136 hectare meant for playground was also allotted to Bhavan's and this allotment has been quashed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920310", "title": "Man released in gambling case for want of evidence", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has discharged a man, accused of arranging a room for gambling in a five-star hotel here, in an 11-year-old case due to lack of evidence.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Gautam Manan discharged Gurpreet Singh of the charges, saying the chargesheet does not show his presence in the hotel room where gambling was allegedly going on. \"...nor is it the case of the prosecution that he (Singh) was present in the room where gambling activities were going on. Thus, It is evident he had no direct involvement,\" the court said.According to the prosecution, 18 people were apprehended by the crime branch of Delhi Police when a raid was conducted in September 2001 in a room at a five-star hotel near Parliament Street. Police had said that during the raid, it recovered playing cards, pager, mobile phone and Indian currency from the room of the 18 accused after which they were booked under the provisions of the Delhi Public Gambling Act.Police had made Singh an accused in the case on the basis of a disclosure statement of another accused who had said that Singh was instrumental in getting the room booked in the hotel to facilitate the gambling activities. It also said that except Singh, all the other accused have admitted their guilt.Singh's counsel, however, argued that there was no evidence to show that he had booked the room from where the other accused had allegedly indulged in gambling activities and also that he was not present there at the time of raid. The court after hearing arguments from the police and the accused said the only case against Singh remained that he had booked a room for gambling purpose, but \"there is absolutely no material on record to substantiate this allegation as well\".\"The room is not booked in the name of accused Gurpreet Singh and there is no evidence on record that he has himself got the room booked. No entries in the hotel room are in the handwriting of Singh nor his name appears anywhere. \"...Accordingly, accused Gurpreet stands discharged from the present case,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16920905", "title": "Life has changed post London Olympics, says Vishnu Vardhan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vardhans have always been a quiet lot - whether dealing with their biggest disappointments or celebrating their grandest achievements. So, it was no surprise to learn that the homecoming of their Olympian son Vishnu Vardhan was followed by no large-scale hoopla but just a quiet dinner.\"I never expect any gala affair from them. I belong to a very simple family. We don't believe in making noise about things,\" says the Hyderabadi.\"But my dad has done things for me that I can never forget... It was my 10th birthday and my dad got me a three-racket set. At that time it was a very big deal. None of the other kids had that luxury,\" the 25-year-old recalls.Vishnu went on to win six under-12 tournaments with his 'birthday gift' to show it was no less deserved. And he continues to make them proud.Post London Games and Davis Cup, life has changed for the shy six-footer, and he won't have it any other way. \"There has been a change. Now people recognise me and my family. The kids at my academy come to me for tips and advice.\" Vishnu was talking on the sidelines of the $15,000 CCI-ITF Futures tennis tournament, where he is the top seed.Talking about his partnership with Leander Paes and his performance in the Davis Cup , Vardhan sums up the year as a fruitful one. \"It started out pretty dry with only two wins in the first three-four months. Then the Olympics happened, followed by the Davis Cup... The call for the Games was unexpected. There were three or four guys on the same boat,\" he said.\"Also, I wasn't picked because of my ranking, but because of Leander's. So naturally, I was very nervous. But I played my best tennis and gave it my all.\"\"Leander is one of the greats and you can only learn from that guy. Playing with him has only given me more confidence. Even in the Davis Cup, I was happy I did justice to my selection by winning both my matches and helping the team beat New Zealand,\" he added.On his future plans, the world No. 272 said: \"By the end of the year, I want to break into the 250-240s so that I can play the Australian Open qualifiers. I may play a tournament in Japan, but I'll take that call after I finish this tournament. I have mostly played on hard courts this year and my knees are under a lot of strain.\"For now, he wants to pack it up here and visit his brother in Chennai. \"He wants me to go visit him and his friends. So, I'm really looking forward to getting over with this tournament and take off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16924844", "title": "RTO starts drive against vehicles ferrying children", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The regional transport office (RTO) has cracked a whip on school buses, tempos and cabs violating the norms and playing with children's lives.The RTO has seized 35 vehicles including buses and are carrying out checking of school vehicles.The officials have said every school vehicle should be painted yellow and brown. Besides, windows panes of school buses should be fitted with iron grills.RTO officials have found that the vehicles seized were registered in other categories but, were ferrying schoolchildren. Parents, too, have asked traffic police and RTO to check over-crowding in school vehicles and take action against errant drivers. There are over 700 vehicles, including cabs, buses and vans, ferrying schoolchildren in the city. The cops will also checking whether a driver is capable to drive the school vehicle or not.Traffic cops also claimed that they would be checking overcrowding in cabs after few parents approached them and questioned the abilities of the drivers. Schoolchildren are often left to the mercy of reckless drivers.\"We would be checking valid licenses of motor cabs and tempos drivers ferrying children,\" said traffic inspector IP Singh and added, \"For vehicle owners to be authorised to carry school children, they have to first get commercial licences and then get special permits. It is a long-time process, as there are multiple requirements that have to be met.\"It was specified that a school cab must have a speed governor, fire extinguisher, space designed inside the vehicle to place school bags and a first-aid kit. Even though it has been made clear by the police that a school cab cannot have more than eight passengers including the driver, most of these cabs are overloaded with 14 to 16 children, alleged scores of parents on Monday.Piyush Kumar, a parent, rued, \"As we don't have enough time to drop and pick up children from school, we only rely on tempos and ask drivers to drive carefully. There should not be over-crowding of children either in tempo or cab.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921144", "title": "Paresh Rawal, Pandit Jasraj and Bang couple to get Pu La awards", "text": "PUNE: Noted theatre and film actor Paresh Rawal, classical vocalist Pandit Jasraj and activist couple Abhay and Rani Bang have been selected for this year's Pu La Sanman. This is the 10th year of Pulotsav in the city. The five-day celebration of films, theatre, music, literature and art will start on November 4.The event will be held at the New English School, Ramanbaug, ground, National Film Archive of India theatre and Film and Television Institute of India on Law college road. All events are free for all. The festival is organized every year in memory of renowned humorist and litterateur P L Deshpande, fondly called as Pu La.The Pu La Smruti Sanman will be given to Paresh Rawal at a function on November 5. Jeevan Gaurav Sanman to vocalist Pandit Jasraj on November 7 and Pulotsav Kritagyata Sanman for social workers Abhay and Rani Bang on November 4, the statement said.\"Names for the Pulotsav Tarunai Sanman will be announced soon,\" said Virendra Chitrav, secretary of Aashay Sanskritik. Another attraction of the festival this year is the interaction with noted theatre and film director Vijaya Mehta. Her book 'Jhimma' will be released during the festival this year.Mehta will also hold a master class for acting with the help of the Film and Television Institute of India. All FTII students and artists from theatre and cinema groups will be invited for this workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16926675", "title": "Citizens worship Maha Gauri, throng pandals as Navaratra draws to an end", "text": "VARANASI: Amidst beat of dhols, lavish backdrop of puja pandals and religious rituals, the festivity of Shardiya Navaratra reached its peak on the occasion of Ashtami on Monday. Scores of devotees queued up in congested Vishwanath gullie lane to offer prayers to Goddess Maha Gauri who is believed to be worshipped on the eighth day of Navaratra. While many devotees observed fast on the occasion, kanya pujan was also held at many households, puja pandals, mutths and ashrams.Meanwhile the artistically decorated puja pandals replicating prominent temples, ashrams and places of tourists interest attracted sea of devotees across the city to witness the magnificent visual art displaying various mythological themes.The puja pandal of Premium Boys Club at Hathua market remained the most visited site. According to Ajay Jaiswal, member of the club, the spectacular design of the pandal is an outcome of nearly two months hardwork by over 50 artisans. At the same time, Shri Durga Puja Sewa Samiti at Sanatan Dharm Inter College has presented a unique model of Mansarovar lake and Vaishno Devi shrine this year. While the perfect sychronisation of electric works, laser lights, back stage decoration in the pandal attracted heavy crowd of devotees in its premises, the electric lights decoration based on contemporary issues at Jagatganj area also remained the centre of attraction in the city. At the same time, idols of the deity dressed in Bengali sarees and those showcasing ajanta style dominated in many puja pandals.Besides, the entire area from Luxa to Jagatganj via Nai Sarak, Chetganj, Lahurabir and few areas near Sonarpura, Shivala, Kedar ghat were jammed pack with devotees and visitors to witness Durga puja fairs in different areas. Celebrating the occasion, several clubs, educational institutions and social organisations organised dandiya and garba dance performances, Devi Jagran, bhajan recital and cultural programmes at various places in the city on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920731", "title": "Corporations gear up, launch special sanitation drive", "text": "NEW DELHI: The three municipal corporations have started a special sanitation drive this festive season. Officials have been directed to carry out routine checks in residential colonies. Also, the health department has been asked to intensify its drive to check mosquito breeding following the rise in dengue cases in the past few weeks. Residents and traders, however, are unhappy with the efforts.On Monday, Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta inaugurated a special sanitation drive in east Delhi. Similarly, the South and North corporations too have launched a similar drive in their areas. Officials have been asked to ensure that dhalaos are cleared regularly, roads are clean and special measures are taken near puja mandals and Ramlila grounds. \"We have deployed additional staff in our area as there are a lot of puja pandals. We have also asked the health department to routinely carryout fogging,'' said Virendra Kasan, Congress councillor.In most parts of south Delhi, residents complain of poor sanitation. \"They are not doing enough to keep the city disease free. At a time when dengue cases are on a rise, the civic agency should make special efforts to keep the city clean. They are not routinely cleaning garbage. Stagnant water in residential colonies is not cleared and they don't do fogging,'' said Pankaj Aggarwal, president of Safdarjung Enclave resident welfare association.Similarly, in north Delhi efforts are being made to keep the city clean during the festive season. In Chandni Chowk, traders say the dhalaos have not been cleared in days. \"Nobody comes here to sweep the streets. The dhalao is overflowing. What kind of a sanitation drive are they carrying out? The civic agencies should pay attention to markets during the festive season,'' said Sanjay Bhargava, secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.Similarly, residents of Dwarka say the civic agency has not been focusing on sanitation. Ever since the contract of private concessionaire was suspended, the civic agency has not been able to keep the area clean. \"The dustbins outside the housing societies are not cleared on a daily basis,'' said Anoop Rohera, member of Dwarka Forum. \"We have divided the staff into small groups and officials have been made in charge of wards. They have to ensure each ward is clean ,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920900", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation yet to issue notice to NHAI on illegal tree felling", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is yet to issue notice to National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) for illegally felling of two full grown trees between Pagalkhana square and Mankapur square.NHAI had acquired permission to cut 367 trees up to Koradi octroi post, but after visiting the spot NMC garden superintendent NB Shrikhande claimed that he had given permission to cut trees only between Koradi octroi post and Mankapur square and not up to Pagalkhana square. But the damage had already been done right under his nose.Drama ensued as environmentalists and common public raised their voices against the felling of so many trees which were more than a century old and provided shelter in the otherwise dusty stretch. This forced Shrikhande to visit the spot.When TOI spoke to Shrikhande on Monday, NMC was still to issue notice to the NHAI for felling trees without permission and he told that it would take about two days. This shows the unenthusiastic approach of the department towards protecting the green cover of the city. Shrikhande also maintained that though the case was in court, there was no stay on the matter and hence, the permission would not be suspended.NMC is yet to start the work on removing the concrete around many trees resulting in their choking and hence dying a slow death. The work is pending for about a year now despite the fact that funds had already been allocated for the job. This was earlier reported in TOI.Environmentalists argue that the tree felling for widening of NH 69 should not have started as the matter was still pending in the court. Shrikant Deshpande had filed a PIL against NHAI and HC had issued notice to all the parties involved including the NHAI and NMC. Shrikhande said that NMC had given their reply to their advocate but didn't know whether the advocate had filed the reply or not.With this approach, the Orange city may soon lose its status as the second greenest city in the country. A leading website, in its description of Nagpur as second greenest city, has raised concerns about the trapping of trees in concrete and has warned that at this rate the city's green cover would be lost in a matter of 20-25 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16925533", "title": "Jhabua jail inmate looks traumatized: State Women Commission member", "text": "INDORE: The under-trial inmate, who is being treated in mental hospital, is shocked over the incident and looks scared, said Snehlata Upadhaya, member of the State Women Commission (SWC).She was talking to media after meeting the victim Anitabai (name changed), who reportedly became pregnant in Jhabua jail.Terming the incident as unfortunate, Upadhyay said there is no escape for a woman in a place like jail. Had she been outside, she might have sought some help, she added.According to the SWC member, the woman is communicating through symbols about her family members, but she turns silent when asked about the incident. It is a matter of investigation as to what she is scared of and not communicating, she said, adding that the woman is traumatized.\"I have asked SP to provide three women constables for her security and have also suggested that nobody in police uniform should go in front of her as she appears scared,\" said Upadhyay.The 35-year-old under-trial inmate became pregnant while she was housed in jail. The incident came to light only when she was sent to mental hospital for treatment on instructions of the court. During the medical check-up, doctors got to know that Anita has five-week pregnancy. The woman was brought to the Jhabua jail around 10 months ago and was facing the trial for killing her mother-in-law.Director general (prison) Surendra Singh Yadav ordered Indore collector to investigate the issue and file the report soon.BOXDocs team to give report in 3 daysFor medical check-up of Anita and preparing report, MY Hospital has constituted a team of five doctors, including a gynaecologist Dr Anupama Dave, radio gynaecologist Dr Alka Agrawal, Dr Archana Verma from medicine and two doctors Abhay Paliwal and Pali Rastogi from the psychiatry department. Superintendent of MY Hospital Dr P S Thakur said the team is supposed to give its report in three days. The hospital will submit the report to the authorities, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16925989", "title": "LiLo escapes prosecution in recent hit-and-run case", "text": "Lindsay Lohan, who was accused of clipping a man with her car outside a New York nightclub, will not be facing any charges for the accident, it has been revealed.The 26-year-old actress had been due to make her first court appearance in the case on Tuesday, but the Manhattan district attorney's office said that there is no court date scheduled at any point regarding her case, Fox News reported.Lohan's publicist Steve Honig said the allegations proved to be a big nothing, as he said from the start.The Mean Girls star was arrested on a charge of leaving an accident scene. Restaurant worker Jose Rodriguez said that her Porsche hurt his knee in the hit and run accident last month.Grainy surveillance footage released by the police showed Lohan's car turning as Rodriguez passed. Blurring to conceal witnesses faces partially obscured the accident scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920686", "title": "Real Stunner looks good in Delhi races", "text": "NEW DELHI: Real Stunner should claim the GOC Delhi Area Cup at the Delhi races on Tuesday.Selections: 1st race: Real Smashing 1, Ashwa Sitara 2, Jasmol Empire 3. 2nd race: Sarvamangala 1, Master Speed 2, Doon Boy 3. 3rd race: Ashwa Parwez 1, Kitwaking 2, Ice On The Moon 3. 4th race: Tigerish 1, Chardi Kala 2, Chepetzuha 3. 5th race: Real Stunner 1, Tarangire 2, Master Arts 3. 6th race: Nizbati Queen 1, Rios Girl 2, Master Faster 3.Ninja favoured: Ninja Power should win the Vaigai Plate at the Chennai races on Tuesday.Selections: 1st race: Zeher 1, Venerable 2. 2nd race: Capable Guest 1, Cative Heart 2, Royal Star 3. 3rd race: Prince Pirate 1, Mochachino 2, Secret Admirer 3. 4th race: Ninja Power 1, Rising Glory 2, Ardent Prince 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16922905", "title": "Local superstitions hinder dengue control measures", "text": "MADURAI: Health department staff and sanitary workers say that local beliefs and superstitions were hindering their measures to control dengue. Obsolete grinding stones in houses had become perfect breeding grounds for the aedes mosquito as rain water accumulated in them. Upturning a grinding stone is considered to be inauspicious and bring bad luck into homes by the local population.After dengue cases were reported in the districts, health teams have been carrying out house-to-house campaigns of sensitising the public about removing unwanted containers, tyres etc from the surroundings. They also instruct the public to clean water containers and urge them to upturn unused grinding stones in their homes. However, the public have so far refused to cooperate with upturning the grinding stones and tend to replace it to its earlier position as soon as the workers leave, sanitary workers said. \"Now we tend to keep it sideways with wedges, so that the stone does not roll,\" R Rajagopal, president of the Corporation Sanitary Workers Association says.Workers also said they faced resistance while trying to seize unused items like tyres and plastic containers from the homes as many argued that the items may come of use at a later stage. On Sunday, Tallakulam police had to intervene in a dispute in BB Kulam as a woman picked up an altercation with the health staff, preventing them from taking away unused tyres from her house. Police sources said that Vijayan and his wife Eswari from Thiruvallurvar Nagar in BB Kulam prevented health workers from removing the unused items from the house and they had to intervene to negotiate with the couple.Some residents also hesitated to allow health workers to pour the abate solution in water containers in their backyards. . \"We face a lot of constraints and even educated people sometimes prevent the health workers from carrying out control measures,\" said Priya Raj, city health officer.However, deputy director of health S Senthilkumar, stressed that giving a proper explanation to people is the key to convince them. \"When we explain it properly to people in rural areas, they indeed co-operate with us.We collected three tractors full of used tyres and containers from Vellalapattiduring our campaign. We are covering all the vulnerable areas first but will cover all the villages in the district over the period,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16922841", "title": "\u2018Give haemophiliacs free drugs at KEM\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday directed the state government to give free medicines to haemophilia patients at the KEM Hospital, Parel. The court was informed that even a medical student there had died for want of affordable medicines.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar were hearing a petition filed by four haemophiliacs and the Haemophilia Society, seeking direction to government to approve a pending proposal to provide haemophiliacs free treatment. They also wanted mandatory diagnosis for haemophilia on children at birth. Haemophilia is a genetic disorder that impairs the body's ability to effect blood clotting or coagulation, which helps stop bleeding when a blood vessel ruptures.Additional government pleader G W Mattos said it is not possible to diagnose haemophilia immediately at birth as WHO has said the tests are not accurate in the first three months because the time period for clotting of plasma would be more then.He added that the tests cannot be made mandatory as it violates a person's right. Petitioner's advocate Gayatri Singh and Kranti L C countered these tests can also be done after three months after birth and should be undertaken particularly where families have a history of haemophilia.Mattos said the National Institute of Immunohaematology has been set up by the government at KEM Hospital for cases with family history. Singh submitted photographs to the court showing patients sharing a single bend at K E M Hospital. The government should wake up to the seriousness of the matter,'' said Singh, adding after court in July 2012 had issued notice to the government , two more deaths had occurred due to non-affordability of medicines. ``One was medical student of KEM hospital itself. The government should immediately start providing medicines free of cost,'' said Singh. She submitted that a proposal to provide free medicines has been pending with the State government since 2010 and the government keeps requesting for time before the court.The judges, in their order, noted that despite issuing notice, the State government had not filed its reply to the petition. Mattos submitted that free medicines are provided at KEM Hospital. The judges recorded his statement in the order and directed that meanwhile the medicines should be provided free of cost. The matter is posted for hearing on November 6, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16925883", "title": "Sports Ministry sanctions funds to Assam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports has sanctioned the remaining amount of Rs 96 lakh from a total of Rs 4.81 crore to Assam for the development and maintenance of playfields in 333 Village Panchayats and 22 Block Panchayats under Panchayat Yuva Krida Abhiyan (PYKKA).In September 2009, the MYAS had sanctioned an amount of Rs. 4.81 crore and out of this, Rs 3.85 crore was released earlier as first installment.\"The balance amount has been sanctioned for release now after obtaining the confirmation of utilisation of said amount,\" the Ministry said in a statement.Under the PYKKA, which was introduced in 2008-09, playfields are developed and maintained in villages and block panchayats across the country in a phased manner and competitions are conducted annually at block, district, state and national level.The scheme aims at creation of basic sports infrastructure in 2.50 lakh village panchayats and 6400 block panchayats in a phased manner over a period of 10 years.The scheme also provides for 100 per cent central assistance for holding annual rural sports competitions as block, district, state and national levels as also financial support for conducting National Women Championships and North East Games.51,759 village panchayats and 1,538 block panchayats have been covered under the PYKKA Scheme, during the last four years (2008-09 to 2011-12) for development and maintenance of playfields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16922848", "title": "Tariq Anwar likely tobe Union minister", "text": "PATNA: Senior Bihar politician and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) general secretary Tariq Anwar is likely to be inducted in the Union ministry as minister of state MoS). The expansion is expected to take place by the end of this month. With Anwar's elevation as minister, he will be the first Bihari in the three-year-old UPA 2 government though he is Rajya Sabha member from Maharashtra.Anwar told TOI that his name has been forwarded to the prime minister by the NCP chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar for appointment as minister. In the reshuffle, which will take place after the return of President Pranab Mukherjee from his ancestral home at Mirati in West Bengal by the end of October, NCP's representative Agatha Sangma will be dropped.Sangma is the only minister of state from the NCP quota. The party has decided to remove her after her father and founder member of NCP, P A Sangma contested Presidential election against the wishes of the party. She is MoS in the ministry of rural development.Anwar, 61, who originally belonged to Congress, is currently one of the seniormost leaders of NCP in Bihar. He was first elected to Lok Sabha from Katihar over three decades back. He also held the posts of BPCC president and national president of All India Youth Congress and Seva Dal, besides serving as political secretary to then AICC president Sitaram Kesri. He represented Katihar parliamentary constituency four times in 1980, 1984, 1996 and 1998. He quit Congress in 1999 and joined the NCP floated by Pawar.For the past three years, no politician from Bihar is in the Union council of ministers. Till 2009, there were many from the state in the ministry, including Lalu Prasad, Ram Vilas Paswan and Raghubansh Prasad Singh, and others belonging to RJD and Congress.Keeping in view his seniority, the NCP is lobbying with the PM to appoint Anwar as minister of state with independent charge. Anwar's name was once considered by the Congress high command for the chief minister of Bihar in 1989, after Bhagwat Jha Azad demitted the office. Despite being an MP from Maharashtra since 2004, he has been active in his home state and nursed his erstwhile constituency Katihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922461", "title": "Will a tie-up with Portugal help resolve the garbage management problem in the state?", "text": "The answer is not a simple yes or no. The waste in Portugal is similar to the waste in Europe and not India. The waste in Portugal is high in plastic and the waste in Goa is high in its organic content. The idea of making power out of waste in Goa has been tried without success before. For instance, the MPT, Vasco attempted a similar project without success. Also, Portugal is not well-known for its waste management. It has its strengths in its collection of waste but not the treatment. I do not think it is a country that we should emulate. But, we could learn something from them.Clinton Vaz Waste management consultant, BenaulimAnything that solves the garbage problem is always welcome. However, I think it is not the lack of knowledge or technology that prevents Goa from solving the garbage problem. In my opinion, a general apathy towards the issue, at the panchayat, municipality and government level, is the cause of garbage problem continuing.Gayathri Rao Konkar Counsellor, PanajiAny attempt made to resolve this problem with good intentions will benefit the state. The urban development minister has a good proposal and if it can be executed the authorities should go ahead. If Portugal can generate electricity from its waste, why not implement it here. As it is, we have power problems. So if this technology which already exists is feasible why not implement it in the state. However, awareness at the grassroots level needs to be created and segregation of garbage needs to be made mandatory for this project to be a success.Blaise Costabir Industrialist, VernaNo, a tie-up with Portugal will not help, as this will become another white elephant with no results at all. What we need is to have a monitoring committee in the state to enforce a solution and help panchayats get over the red tape they face in trying to get funds for the same. We have capable people with knowledge and experience here in Goa itself. We also have the technology for it.Ashley Delaney E-waste recycling consultant, Saligao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "tawang", "code": "16924103", "title": "Tawang's age-old connect with Tibet &amp; China", "text": "TAWANG: China's claim over Arunachal Pradesh seem to be premised on historical links that Tibet has had with Tawang, the famous Buddhist monastery in the state.Gaden Namgyal Lhatse, or the Tawang monastery, and about two dozen objects in its tiny museum, provide interesting proof of this integration. The 331-year-old shrine was built in accordance with the wishes of the 5th Dalai Lama, Nagwang Lobsang Gyatso, who ruled over Tawang from Lhasa. The museum had some objects used by the 6th Dalai Lama, Tsangyang Gyatso, born in 1683 at Urgelling monastery, about five km from Tawang.Tawang was part of Tibet until the British lopped it off from that country through the 1914 Shimla accord that was never accepted by China. Even after Sir Henry McMahon demarcated the boundary between Tibet and British India making Tawang a part of India, no attempt was made to administer Tawang until April 1938, when a small British force led by Captain GS Lightfoot went in and tried to evict Tibetan officials. Lhasa protested strongly and Tibetan authority was restored after Lightfoot's brief stay at Tawang.For more than three years after Independence, Delhi did not establish its authority over Tawang. In end-1950, then Assam governor sent a team of officials led by the Major Ralengnao Bob Khating - assistant political officer to North East Frontier Agency (later Arunachal) - to Tawang. Pema Gombu of Lhou village near Tawang, who guided this team, wrote in his memoirs about how the Indian team pushed out Tibetan officials from Tawang. The Indian tricolour flew for the first time in Tawang in early 1951.Tawang was the most prosperous province of Tibet and accounted for a third of that country's economy. According to records at Tawang, most of the food consumed in Tibet was grown here. These records also dwell on the migration of the Monpas, the tribals of Tawang, from central Tibet from the early centuries of the last millennium.In the 11th century, Monpas came under the influence of Buddhism. Missionaries of the Gelugpa sect of Mahayana Buddhism from central Tibet brought Monpas into their fold in the early 17th century. The Tawang monastery, the second-largest in Asia after Lhasa's Potala Palace, is a Gelugpa seat. Monpas inhabit the Cuona district of Tibet, where they're known as Menbas. The Monpas in Tawang and Cuona use the Tibetan script and calendar. According to respected scholar Tsewang Norbu, author of 'Monpas of Tawang', there were seven waves of Monpa migration to Tawang from Tibet, and most of these took place during the time of the 4th and 5th Dalai Lamas.The 6th Dalai Lama, who was from Tawang, is still loved by Tibetans and the love songs he penned are very popular in both Tibet and Tawang. Ancient texts at the Tawang monastery say 14-year-old Tsangyang Gyatso was identified as a reincarnation of the 5th Dalai Lama and taken to Lhasa from Urgelling in 1697.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922912", "title": "Power cuts eat into small business units", "text": "Shopkeepers and owners of small businesses have been hit as the two-hour power cuts are back. While shops that store perishables are spending more to buy ice to preserve their stock or diesel to run generators, smaller ones that can't afford to shell out are losing business. At the Aavin booth in Nandanam, Indira Premkumar and her husband use blocks of ice brought from Parry's Corner. \"It costs us 40 a kg, but the freezers are powerful enough to keep milk fresh,\" says Premkumar.They also get dry ice, which costs 70 per kilo, to preserve ice creams. At a beauty salon in Nungambakkam, Shyamala P and her team buy diesel for 1,500 once in two days to run the generator. \"These days, you can't run any business without investing in a generator. Even then, customers get upset when we step out to switch on the generator,\" says Shyamala. Generators and dry ice are not options for the owners of Bellaria, an ice cream parlour on Chamiers Road.\"Luckily the power cut is from noon to 2pm at present and we open only at 2pm. Once the schedule shifts to 2pm, we will lose customers,\" says Vissa, one of the owners. When the two-hour cuts were introduced a few months ago, Bellaria had to turn away customers. \"Ours is a small business and we can't afford a generator. Inverters are not enough as the machines draw heavy power. So we had no option but to shut the shop when there was no power,\" she says. Once the schedule changes to 2pm, they will have to do the same and lose customers, especially the crowd that walks in after lunch on weekends.For those working from home, things are looking bad. H Ganga, a graphic designer who works from her house in Saidapet, says she has missed deadlines due to the cuts. \"The small printing units in Parry's are unable to process orders. As they can't give printouts on time, I have missed my deadlines and am unable to face clients,\" she says.The rains have also added to the trouble for many as interiors are dark. \"I am thinking of applying for a loan for a solar-powered inverter so I won't be dependent on the electricity board,\" she says. According to T Vellaiyan, president of the Tamil Nadu Traders Federation, the situation will become as bad as in the other districts, which have eight to 13 hour outages, unless alternate sources of power are developed. \"There have been many proposals to generate electricity from other sources, including solar power. We should look into them,\" he says.BRING LIFE TO A STANDSTILLTwo-hour power cuts was first introduced in the city February, but it was reverted back to onehour in July On Oct 18, two-hour power shutdown was reintroduced after there were protest in southern parts of the state where residents experience more than 13-16 hours a day without power", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16922417", "title": "Prime witness assaulted", "text": "MOHALI: A prime witness in the sensational murder case of cardiologist Dr Deepak Kaura, Shubham, was threatened and attacked. The incident happened on October 9, when he came out of his house, but was accosted by three unidentified persons, who first threatened him saying he would be eliminated and then assaulted him. Following the incident his security has been increased in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16920989", "title": "HSC certificates for vocational students", "text": "The state ministry of higher and technical education has decided to award higher secondary certificates (HSC) to students completing vocational education after Std X. They will also be eligible for admission to undergraduate degree courses.At present, the HSC certificate is given by the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education to students who complete the conventional 10+2 degree courses in arts, science and commerce. The aim of drawing equivalence between HSC and certificate vocational courses is to bring these students into the mainstream so that they can pursue conventional degrees such as engineering and medicine, said Rajesh Tope, state minister of higher and technical education.He said that close to three lakh students who pass vocational courses annually are set to benefit from this decision. The scheme will be implemented from the 2013-14 academic year (AY).The Directorate of Vocational Education and Training (DVET), a state board that regulates vocational education in the state, conducts two-year vocational courses through various affiliated institutes in the state. Students who qualify for certificate courses through DVET will receive the +2 HSC degree certificate. A total of 16 such courses are offered by DVET after completion of Std X. Subjects included are electrical maintenance, general civil engineering, carpentry, maintenance and repair of electrical appliances, building maintenance and office management, among others.\"The step has been taken to ensure that vertical mobility is created for these students after they complete their certificate course,\" said Tope. \"At present, students who undertake vocational education after Std X have limited options and are forced to pursue a career in the vocational segment. But, with an HSC certificate in hand, they can get into engineering, commerce, arts and other such fields. For engineering and medicine, however, they will have to sit for entrance tests like other students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921127", "title": "Playing cricket at Nehru stadium could get costlier", "text": "PUNE: Renting the grounds at Nehru stadium to play cricket could soon get much more expensive.The civic administration has proposed a hefty increase on charges for using the stadium grounds for cricket matches as well as practice sessions. The standing committeeof the PMC will decide on the matter on Tuesday.Located in Swargate area, the stadium is popular with budding cricket players and professional organizations, including information technology companies and other corporates, which rent the grounds for tournaments. At present, it costs Rs 1,000 to rent the ground for a day. The proposal seeks to increase the rent to Rs 10,000. Amateur sports groups or social organizations that use the ground will have to shell out Rs 3,000 a day.\"Income generated from the stadium is low. The cost to maintain the stadium is very high. So, the rates charged from people using the stadium should be increased,\" says the proposal.As per the proposal, rates for renting out the ground for coaching camps during vacations will go up from Rs 2,000 to Rs 6,000 a day as will the rates for practice sessions. The ground is made available for practice in two time slots of two-and-a-half hours each between 6am and 8.30am and 6.30pm to 8pm.Dressing room rates will double from Rs 200 to Rs 400, if the proposal is accepted.Nehru stadium was built in 1969 and holds a capacity of 25,000. It has hosted various national as well as international cricket matches, including one-day matches during the cricket world cup.The civic administration also proposes to increase the fees for using the halls at Sanas ground, near Nehru stadium. The fees for badminton will increase from Rs 65 to Rs 150 an hour, while fees for indoor games will go up from Rs 100 to Rs 200 an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922368", "title": "Garbage won\u2019t hurt us at polls", "text": "The garbage crisis enveloping the city has turned into a ping-pong game between BBMP officials and politicians. While the former claim that segregation at source is the only way out, the latter appear to be picking holes in it. Deputy chief minister in-charge of Bangalore R Ashoka and KPCC president G Parameshwara give their take on the issue.Garbage won't hurt us at pollsGarbage is becoming the BJP's nemesis. Why has the party not been able to solve it?I was in Bangalore all of Sunday, interacting with those concerned on how to deal with the problem. Even CM Jagadish Shettar is getting involved. The problem has escalated as no new landfill sites have been identified by BBMP for the past 20 years.What are the steps being taken to deal with the issue?The city needs a permanent solution. At present, there are two companies involved in segregation and disposal of waste. They are able to do so with 30% of the waste. We've given permission to two more companies. I'm taking up a proposal before the cabinet to increase this by two more companies - taking the number to six. Theys will deal with segregation and power generation.You've mentioned a mafia is involved.No comments.How does BJP propose to build its image during such a crisis?The garbage issue may not play a significant role (in determining the outcome of any future election). We have made honest efforts to handle it.It's BBMP's job, we have no roleDo you think opposition parties have a role to play in ensuring a clean city?When a party is not in power, what can it do? Can we hire trucks and dispose of the garbage? How long can my party MLAs intervene in garbage disposal ? It's the job of the BBMP.You've suggested that the government supersede the corporation.Yes, the BBMP has to be superseded . The government can hand over the responsibility of running the BBMP to the bureaucracy. If the BBMP is unable to handle garbage disposal , it cannot mess it up also.How will the Congress handle garbage disposal, if it comes to power?We will bring citizens to the streets, and educate them about their responsibility in disposal of garbage.Why didn't the Congress seek experts' views to tide over the present crisis?My party members have protested at BBMP meetings. There is no expertise required in learning how to handle garbage disposal. More pourakarmikas have to be recruited and landfills found to dump it.What does your party plan to do?We've already petitioned governor HR Bhardwaj. We will protest if the issue goes on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16922157", "title": "Air Kerala to approach DGCA for NOC", "text": "KOCHI: Air Kerala, the proposed airline of Kerala, will put in a formal application next month before the director general of civil aviation ( DGCA) for getting the no objection certificate for services.This was stated here on Monday by minister fisheries, port and excise K Babu, who is also a member of the director board of Air Kerala. He was speaking after inaugurating the covered passenger alighting and boarding facility at the international terminal of Cochin airport.The minister said the consultancy firm assigned to prepare the feasibility report on the proposed airline would submit its report in three months .\"But we are not waiting for the report and are planning to go ahead with other pre-launch activities. All such works will be undertaken simultaneously,'' Babu said.Cochin International Airport Limited (Cial) had launched a fully-owned subsidiary, Air Kerala International Services Limited in 2006 to launch international flight operations. However the proposal had to remain in cold storage because of 'regulatory hurdles'.The minister said repeated efforts of the Kerala government to make Air India Express sensitive to the demands of Kerala passengers had not yielded results so far. This was the trigger for reviving the Air Kerala proposal.He said Air Kerala would emulate the Cial model both in terms of capital mobilization and operations. A sum of Rs 100 crore will be mobilized initially from the public as shares.Built at a cost of around Rs 6 crore, the new faciltiy at the international terminal covers a total area of 52,800 square feet with four lane tarred road running through the covered area. Construction of this facility was started in November last. Cial would be the third airport to provide this facility for the passengers to come and board a flight even in the inconvenient days of monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16923975", "title": "Durga Puja: Committees not satisfied with Guwahati Municipal Corporation's waste management", "text": "GUWAHATI: Many puja committees are dissatisfied with the measures taken by the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) measures to clear the waste produced in and around Durga Puja pandals.Despite Monday being a government holiday, the enforcement wing of the GMC was seen working to keep the city clean, but residents feel the municipality needs to do more, as hundreds of eateries and other stalls have come up around the over-450 puja pandals in the city.\"The GMC should provide more dustbins in and around the pandals. We bought big polythene bags from the municipality for waste material produced during the puja days, but it is not enough,\" said Sanjiv Sharma, an organizer of the New Field Durga Puja Committee, at Paltan Bazar here.Pramod Barman of the well-known Nayantara Durga Puja committee said, \"The GMC workers are picking up garbage from our puja pandal every morning, but we it would be good if the municipality sent workers to clean the pandal as well.\"Rajiv Kalita, an organizer of Geetanagar Sarbojanin Durga Puja committee, expressed dissatisfaction with the GMC's cleaning work this puja. \"GMC officials asked us to buy polythene bags from them to store the waste generated during the puja days. But, we thought it better to dispose trash in our own dustbins installed around the pandal rather than paying the GMC for polythene bags,\" Kalita said.An official of the GMC, however, claimed that the municipality has arranged dustbins near all prominent puja pandals of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922466", "title": "Bidadi gangrape case: Accused thought victims were rich dancers", "text": "BANGALORE: The culprits who allegedly gang-raped three women after kidnapping them from their residence in Bidadi last week chose their victims under the mistaken impression that they were cash-flush cabaret dancers, Bangalore rural police said.The 8-9 gangsters swooped down on the house in Jagajyothi Layout, Kengeri, early Friday with an intention to steal.\"We know you are cabaret dancers and earn lakhs of rupees every day. Hand over all the cash,\" police quoted one of the gangsters as telling the women. Eight women and four men were staying in the house. One of the women was pregnant, while the others worked as bar girls in a bar and restaurant in Majestic. The men were bouncers assigned for them.The victims then took some time to disabuse the gangsters of their mistaken notion. The women told them that they were neither cabaret dancers nor live band artistes. \"Three of them scoured the house and turned everything upside down. They searched even the kitchen utensils and threw them thinking that money might be stashed in them,\" one of the women said. The intruders decided to abduct some of the women. Three of them were allegedly sexually assaulted in a house nearby. The five women were released on a road leading back to their house.An investigating officer said, \"They had been watching the movement of the women. We are on the verge of cracking the case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16928265", "title": "I&B; ministry monitors digitization progress", "text": "INDORE: A recent review of digitization progress by the information &amp; broadcasting ministry has revealed that 81% of cable TV digitization has already been achieved in the 4 metro cities of Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai. This goes up to 87% if the progress made by DTH is also taken into account. DTH operators have informed that 27 lakh boxes have been installed so far in the four metro cities, said an official spokesman.The ministry has launched a very aggressive publicity campaign in the electronic and print media to take awareness to the door steps of people. Print advertisements in local newspapers, SMS messages, spots on all TV and radio channels started by the ministry to inform people about the urgency to get set top boxes as well as benefits of digitization have generated a massive awareness. Stakeholders have also stepped up their efforts to ensure that the deadline of 31st October is met, said he. As per the data provided by MSOs, currently about 45,000 STBs are being installed per day in the designated four metro cities.An analysis of data and the progress review shows that Mumbai has already achieved nearly 100% digitisation. In other three cities, as shown in the graph below, Kolkata has achieved78% digitisation in cable alone; with DTH the percentage of digitisation in Kolkata has gone up to 81%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16925346", "title": "Maa Durga devotees worship young girls on Kunwari Puja", "text": "RANCHI: Young girls, manifestations of Goddess Durga, were worshiped in many temples and houses as part of 'Kunwari Kanya Pujan' on Mahashtami on Monday. According to priest Pandit Vinay Nath Jha, only girls aged between two and 10 are worshipped in Kanya Pujan. \"It is in our scriptures that only girls between this age group can be worshipped as they are considered a manifestation of the devi.\"Explaining the rituals, Jha said: \"The girls are called at home, their feet are washed and they are given new clothes. They are offered food - mostly sweet dishes as they are Goddess Gauri's favourites. People touch the feet of the girls and offer them minimum Rs 11, with rice, betelnut and other auspicious things used in pujas wrapped in a red handkerchief.\"It is said nine girls have to be worshiped on Mahashtami as nine forms of Goddess Durga. \"If one worships nine girls on Maha Gauri Puja (ashtami) then all their problems, be it health, family or any other, come to an end,\" said Jha.It is also said that a devotee should worship girls of various castes for acquiring different types of power. Pandit Ravindra Jha said, \"Our scriptures say if one wants to acquire knowledge one must worship a Brahmin child, if he wants power he should worship a Kshatriya girl. Similarly, those who want wealth and prosperity should worship a Vaishya girl and those willing to acquire Tantrik knowledge should worship a Shudra girl.\"Many Hindu families arranged the puja on Monday and invited little girls in their colonies so that they can offer food to them. One of the devotees, Ramakant Mishra, said, \"I have been doing the rituals of worshipping little girls for last 12 years and it has really proved beneficial for me. Since I started this puja, my family prospered a lot. I believe that Durga resides in the little girls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16924197", "title": "Durga Puja 2012: People flock to pandals", "text": "GUWAHATI: The crowd kept swelling at different puja pandals across the city on mahashtami on Monday. Dressed in their best clothes, the city roads are teeming with people who want to make the most of the occasion.\"I'm very exited with my new clothes during puja. I feel great to come to the pandal donning fashionable outfits,\" said Rupalim Sharma, a young puja reveler.As the last hour shopping is still on, Fancybazaar and malls across the city continued to be crowded with puja shoppers even on Monday. \"I am looking for something that is gorgeous yet subtle for the puja. When it comes to buying, clothes especially for festival like Durga Puja, it is not an easy job,\" said Naina Saikia, a shopper.While formal and traditional wears remain popular among puja revelers, some want to enjoy the festivities in non-formal garments. When asked about what he is going to wear for the puja, Sanjay Baruah, another city resident, said he is comfortable in jeans and T-shirt rather than sherwanis.Even beauty parlours witnessed a continuous flow of customers as Durga puja celebration is also about looking good. An employee of a reputed parlor said, \"The puja rush has started from the first day of this month and is still continuing. The rush in beauty parlors is a proof that a lot of importance is given to looking elegant.\"Toy shops and eateries dotting different puja venues are the biggest draw for the crowd. While 10-year old Pratim Baruah is trying to convince her to buy him Chinese-made toy guns, others are engaged in gastronomical delights. Eateries selling a variety of chaats and sweetmeats are doing brisk business even as prices of essential commodities have shot up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16922644", "title": "35 youths arrested for public smoking", "text": "NASHIK: As many as 35 youngsters were arrested by the Sarkarwada police for smoking in public and creating chaos at a shop, Gamers' Zone, off College Road on Tuesday afternoon.After a number of complaints, ACP Ganesh Shinde of Zone 1, raided the shop and nabbed the youngsters in the age group of 16-23 years.ACP Shinde informed that the same shop was raided about four months back. While the shop has been registered for playing pool, computer games were also found and the youngsters would come in large numbers and smoke heavily.Informing that some beer bottles were also found there, Shinde said, \"A senior citizen residing in nearby told us about the smoke and noise from the shop. Located near a residential area, with a children's nursery on one side, this resulted in passive smoking for kids studying at the nursery.\"Shinde said that while strict action will be taken against the owner of the gaming point, since he has not taken permission for running an entertainment point, parents of the youth will be called at the police station.Considering that it is the second time that Gamers' Zone has faced action in four months, Shinde said that the police may get stern against the shop owner.There have also been complaints of congestion on the road opposite the shop as youngsters park their vehicles for long hours, leaving hardly any space for movement of traffic.On asked if hookahs were also found at Gamers' Zone, ACP Shinde said they did not find any.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16921866", "title": "Flower sales shoots up on eve of Ayudha Puja", "text": "COIMBATORE: S Anand, a self employed man from RS Puram jostles through the crowd at the old flower market complex to buy fresh flowers that will be offered to the gods on Ayudha Puja at his workplace. As he reaches the stall he hopes to get a good bargain because flower prices have shot up exponentially on the eve of Ayudha Puja.\"It is one of the busiest times in the flower market ahead of Ayudha Puja. This time I am buying flowers for more than Rs 500,\" said Anand.The flower market witnessed a major spurt in sales on Monday even though the intermittent showers played spoil sport throughout the day. The price of jasmine flower shot up to Rs 400 per kilogram during the day and the entire load was sold out by the evening at the market.\"The entire jasmine load in almost all stalls in the market got sold by evening itself. Now chryusanthemums and tube roses are in major demand. Jasmine prices went up to Rs 400 today,\" said Noor Mohammed, a flower seller at the market.Majority of the customers on Monday evening were self employed businessmen and entrepreneurs for whom Ayudha Puja is a very important festival. \"I have purchased flowers for more than Rs 3000 for the special puja to be performed tomorrow. It is to ensure growth and prosperity in our trade,\" said N Palanisamy, a foundry owner.The going rates for major flowers on Monday evening kept fluctuating depending on the quality, freshness and colour. Chrysanthemum rates hovered between Rs 100 and Rs 120 per kilogram while tube roses were being sold at Rs 160 per kg.\"It is one of the busiest time here at the market and we have to deploy additional men to control and regulate traffic,\" said S Muthumalai, inspector, RS Puram police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16922347", "title": "Bus vandals remanded in judicial custody", "text": "NASHIK: The five accused, including two minors, involved in robbing bus passengers and pelting stones at a city bus have been remanded to magisterial custody on Sunday.According to reports, on Saturday evening two passengers in a bus proceeding towards Pathardi Phata from Nimani Bus Stand, asked bus conductor, Uddhav Rajwal, to stop the vehicle at Bharatnagar. When Rajwal did not pay heed to their demand, the accused assaulted him.Passengers who tried to intervene were also beaten up. Rajwal, a Panchavati resident, lodged a police complaint over the incident and also alleged that the miscreants robbed bus passengers.After the miscreants alighted from the bus, they allegedly also pelted stones at the vehicle which left a woman and a young girl injured.The accused identified as Babloo Adik Shaikh, Munna Azad Mehbook Shaikh, Asif Isaac Shaikh were arrested, along with two minors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16925322", "title": "Follow Red diktat in tribal hinterland, or else...", "text": "RANCHI: In one of the worst Maoist-affected states of Jharkhand , the rebels issue diktats and those who do not heed them get either their hands chopped off, or limbs amputated or even had their throats slit. The worst part is that it all happens not in hiding. The rebels summon the entire village, hold public meetings or kangaroo court and announce the punishment.In a shocking incident, rebels on Saturday chopped off hands of two villagers in Gumla after accusing them of stealing goat. Later, the duo were killed. Three persons Ramdeo Kherwar and Lachhan Lohra and Jitra were stopped when they were carrying a pair of goats home. A group of armed rebels asked a few questions and alleged that they were carrying stolen goats. \"Two persons were murdered while another left,\" said Amish Hussain, a police inspector in Gumla.Not only theft, the rebels also prohibit illicit relations. The People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI), a splinter group of the CPI Maoists, had killed an unmarried couple for maintaining a live-in relationship at Atheldih village, some 50km from Ranchi in August. In January, the PLFI had again killed seven persons for indulging in \"immoral activities\".In 2009, a 55-year-old woman in East Singhbhum district was dragged out of her by rebels and tortured. As Mukhi Munda did not agree to withdraw cases against the Naxalites in connection with the killing of her son, she was shot down.Inspector general of police of Ranchi range, M S Bhatia, agrees. \"Such incidents are part of fear tactics which the rebels use to blackmail the villagers. It has nothing to do with any morality. They just want to show to the villagers that they can do whatever they want if the villagers do not heed to the dictat,\" said Bhatia, who has served as SP in many Maoist-hit districts of the state.Around a decade ago, when the Maoist brutality was at its extreme point, the rebels used to ask villagers not to participate in elections and election campaign. The rebels had thrashed four villagers to death in Burmu block in 1996 when they had defied the diktats. They thenshot several bullets into their bodies.In 1998, the thumb of Mahadeo Yadav and the wrist of Jasmuddin Ansari were chopped off at Tandwa in Chatra district for participated in elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920358", "title": "Lanka politics threatens ties with India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ongoing one-upmanship between the Sri Lankan government and TNA, which represents a vast majority of Tamil population in the island nation, has taken a dangerous turn with many within the government, including President Mahinda Rajapaksa's brother and defence secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa, demanding that the 13th amendment to the Constitution, a product of the Rajiv Gandhi-Jayewardene 1987 accord, be repealed altogether.Though the 13th amendment, which guarantees devolution of power to the provinces and comprises several other major concession to the Tamils, has often been pejoratively referred to as an \"imported solution\", rarely has it been subjected to such attack by parties within the ruling coalition. Indian officials here said they were \"surprised\" by the development, but added they would respond at the right moment. Sources confirmed that Gotabhaya will be visiting India this week, and that the issue will be taken up with him.Gotabhaya's call for abolition of the 13th amendment is said to be in response to the \"post-war strategy\" of the TNA. India has repeatedly, and successfully, sought a reiteration from Lanka of its commitment to the 13th amendment, saying it was imperative for reconciliation after the war ended in 2009. Despite raising doubts about the agenda of TNA, described by India as a credible body, President Rajapaksa had told TOI earlier this year that his government remained committed to 13th amendment. A joint statement issued by the two countries last year had said that \"a devolution package, building upon the 13th amendment, would create conditions for genuine reconciliation\".Indian officials underlined how Lanka made the same commitment in the 2008 Universal Periodic Review (UPR), which looks at the human rights record of all UN member states every four years. Interestingly, Lanka's record will be reviewed again by the UPR in early next month with India being one of the three countries that will carry it out. \"This is not just a commitment made to India but to international agencies,\" said an official.The reconciliation talks, which started after the war, collapsed in January with President Rajapaksa insisting that the process could be taken forward only through a Parliament Select Committee (PSC). The TNA has refused to join the PSC.While ties have suffered because of India's vote at the UN Human Rights Council against Sri Lanka, PM Manmohan Singh did try to save the situation when he met Rajapaksa last month and assured him of New Delhi's support at international fora in future. In the talks, though, India also conveyed to Lanka that it looked upon TNA as a credible entity with which talks must be resumed. The relations now threaten to hit an all-time low with the talk about scrapping the 13th amendment altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921223", "title": "Police clampdown dampens dandiya spirit", "text": "PUNE: Delay in getting police permission, ban on loud music after 10 pm, fear of terror attacks and police raids have collectively dampened the dandiya festivities this Navaratra. Organizers and event managers have cited a considerable drop in the number of events this year with the number of visitors too going down drastically.A manager with a club said, \"The number of events has dropped due to increase in the number of permissions that the organizers have to procure from police as well as the entertainment tax department. Though our club holds only one dandiya event, I have seen other venues where there have been no such events at all.\"Ankit Shond, a city-based event manager, does not see a drop in the number of events. \"This time a lot of big organizers have held most of the events on select days, instead of dispersing them throughout the nine days. But yes, the permission required to play music till 10 pm has resulted in reduced crowd at venues,\" he said.Sandesh Deshmukh, another event manager, also blamed the 10 pm deadline for less dandiya events and fall in number of patrons. \"There has been a 15% to 20 % drop in the number of functions as compared to last year. Some event managers have opted out because of delays in getting police permissions,\" said Deshmukh.Nilesh Kothari, who organizes dandiya functions, said that music could be played till midnight last year. \"This year, dandiya festivities start at 6.30 in the evening and need to be wrapped up around 9:45 pm. Most people are in their offices during this time and only a few make it to the venue. We have noticed almost a 40% drop in the number of people turning up to play dandiya,\" said Kothari. Last year, at least 15 such events were held at different venues. \"It is not the same this year. Recent terror attacks combined with delays in getting police permissions have all played their part. People feel uneasy going to crowded places now,\" he added.DJ Sunny V said that last Navaratra he was busy throughout the nine days. \"This year I am playing on alternate days. Besides delay in getting police permissions for commercial events, police raids on popular night spots in the city have discouraged many organizers,\" he said.BoxThe district entertainment tax department has given permission to 33 Navaratra events this year. No-objection certificates of this department is mandatory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16916225", "title": "Central make early inroads against East in Duleep Trophy", "text": "CHENNAI: Off-spinner Jalaj Saxena grabbed two quick wickets to help Central Zone make early inroads against holders East in the rain-truncated Duleep Trophy final at the MA Chidambaram Stadium on Monday.Saxena dismissed openers Dheeraj Jadhav (25) and Natraj Behera (22) in quick succession after East were put in to bat on the second day of the five-day inter-zonal contest.Pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar sent back Anustup Majumdar for 13 to leave East struggling at 64/3 at stumps on Day Two. Play began at 3 pm following the opening day's washout.Nightwatchman Iresh Saxena (0) was at the crease with Ishank Jaggi (3).Central, runners-up last season, were boosted by the availability of India pacer Praveen Kumar , who was a doubtful starter after suffering a chest injury during the semifinal against North Zone last week.Praveen moved the ball around as he returned four maidens and conceded just four runs in seven overs to put the pressure on the East openers.However, it was Madhya Pradesh's Jalaj who provided the breakthrough, having left-hander Jadhav leg-before after the opening pair had displayed patience to stitch a 44-run stand on a pitch where the odd delivery kept low.India A spinner Jalaj was however lucky to dismiss skipper Behera with a low full toss that the batsman hit to mid-on, where Bhuvneshwar held the catch after running to his right.\"The pitch was offering slow turn,\" Jalaj told reporters. \"The plan was to contain runs and vary the pace. We wanted to bowl in the right areas, build pressure and allow the batsman to make the mistakes. Our pacers did a wonderful job to build the pressure. There was not much in the pitch by way of bounce but they used the seaming conditions well,\" added the 25-year-old from Indore, who enticed Jaggi to edge but the ball fell short off lone slip.Bhuvneshwar repeatedly beat Majumdar outside off stump and finally got his man who pulled a short-of-good-length delivery down Jalaj's throat at square-leg. \"We will stick to the plan of containing and I am sure things will turn out favourable,\" said Jalaj on the prospect of the third day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921055", "title": "Alandi civic body to start Indrayani river development project", "text": "PUNE: The Alandi Municipal Council (AMC) proposes to take up the Indrayani river development project to help reduce pollution of the river.The civic body will seek funds from the Union ministry of environment and forests (MOEF) for the project which has been initiated by Shirur MP Shivajirao Adhalrao Patil.Alandi, which is a major pilgrim town, is situated along the banks of the Indrayani river and is visited by thousands of people annually. The river originates in the Western Ghats near Lonavla and passes through Talegaon and Alandi towns, Dehu and other villages and Pimpri-Chinchwad city, and later joins the Bhima river. However, rapid industrialisation and urbanisation in the areas along the river for the last few decades have heavily polluted the river.Patil said, \"The MOEF has identified a list of heavily polluted rivers and Indrayani river is one of them. The Central Pollution Control Board has said the river should be included in the National River Conservation Plan on a priority basis.\"Patil, who held a meeting of officials and elected office-bearers of the AMC about the state of the river, said a detailed project report (DPR) for Indrayani river development will be prepared by the council and submitted to the state government for approval. The state government will then forward the project report to the Union ministry. A project consultant will be appointed for the project which will be implemented through the funds allotted by the Union government, he added.\"We want to prepare the DPR at the earliest to ensure that it is sent to the Union government in six months. I will follow up on the project with the state and Union governments,\" he saidVarsha Kodre, president, AMC, said, \"Discussions were held at the meeting about the works that can be included in the project. The pollution is not only due to the Alandi town but also due to the villages and towns located upstream. The work of renovation of some of the ghats along the river in the town has been completed. We need to take action to conserve and beautify the river.\"The AMC will also construct a sewage treatment plant to reduce the pollution. \"The council will also consider taking other measures to reduce the pollution,\" Kodre said, adding, \"Civic officials from the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation had been invited for the meeting to share their knowledge on how they are working on the Pavana river development plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16922522", "title": "'Hawkers eat into restaurant business'", "text": "MAPUSA: The Mapusa uphar graha owners association (MUGOA) confronted chief officer of the Mapusa municipality, Hanumant Toraskar, demanding action against mobile hawkers selling tea and snacks.Hoteliers from Mapusa complained that hawkers eat into restaurants' business in Mapusa market. They complained to the chief officer that persons moving with a kettle of tea and eatables in the Mapusa municipal area have had an adverse impact on their businesses.The owners stated that because hawkers supply items like tea, coffee, samosas and bread to the fish, vegetable and fruit vendors in the area, the restaurateurs lose clientele, thus causing heavy losses to them.Hotel owners complained that their food items get wasted every day because of the increasing number of hawkers.They were annoyed that despite many complaints to the municipality, no action was taken to prevent their loss of business.Chief officer Toraskar said he has ordered that only licensed movable kiosks will operate in the town following complaints from the restaurant owners in Mapusa that unlicensed vendors were selling food items which has affected their business.He said those kiosks which do not have licenses would be confiscated.\"I have ordered that the municipal inspectors keep a check on the unlicensed vendors selling tea and snacks,\" Toraskar said, adding, kiosks without licenses will not be allowed to operate in the town.Toraskar also said that he has imposed various other conditions for operation of kiosks in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16922311", "title": "Mandur standoff ends, dumping till February 1", "text": "BANGALORE: With the villagers of Mandur, near Hoskote, off Old Madras Road, lifting their blockade late on Sunday, the city's garbage crisis may end, at least for now. They had prevented trucks from dumping garbage in the landfill after the October deadline ran out.The villagers have agreed to allow dumping of garbage for three more months. The change in the villagers' stand came after intense pressure from the state government. A huge police posse had been deployed at the landfill on Sunday.Their blockade had resulted in 15,000 tonnes of uncleared garbage piling up on the city's roads from Wednesday last.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel told TOI: \"We will dump garbage at Mandur landfill till February 1, 2013. But the number of trucks will be reduced by 75 every month. Now we are sending 225 trucks, roughly containing 1,900 tonnes of waste to the landfill everyday. By December, we'll send only 150 trucks and this will be brought down to 75 in January. As we near February, the number of trucks will be zero.\"Thammanna Gowda C, gram panchayat member who attended a meeting with the BBMP commissioner, said: \"The commissioner promised us that the load will be reduced gradually. No garbage truck will be sent to Mandur from February 1, 2013 onwards. We hope he sticks to his words.\"Gowda said the issue of compensation to be given by the government for the crop loss suffered by the villagers due to pollution caused by the landfill, is yet to be discussed with the ministers concerned.A section of Mandur farmers was keen to obtain a written undertaking from the BBMP on the three-month deadline. However, sources said the villagers did not insist on it due to political pressure.Police protection was provided to garbage trucks heading towards Mandur on Monday also. Though the villagers had said trucks should be sent only during the night, they started moving out by 2.30pm.\"Last night, we were waiting near the Mandur landfill till 1.30am. Because of the festival on Tuesday, the trucks started moving towards Mandur on Monday afternoon. The police initially objected, but we convinced them,\" said Venkatesh M, a truck driver who ferries waste from Indiranagar and Defence Colony.A late-night meeting of BBMP officials and ministers R Ashoka and Arvind Limbavali is believed to have ended the Mandur standoff. Limbavali is MLA of Mahadevapura constituency, under which Mandur falls.AFTER FEB 1, WHAT?BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel hoped that within three months, the civic body will get so aggressive on segregation of waste at source that there is no muck to be sent to landfills.Goel admitted that Mandur needs bio-mining. \"Their problems won't end just by not sending trucks there. The 10 lakh tonnes lying in the landfill must be cleared by bio-mining. BBMP is on working on it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16932354", "title": "Ram\u2019s Ongole Githa to have a new angle", "text": "The filmmakers of actor Ram's next flick had been deliberating over the title Ongole Githa for quite sometime now. After much consideration like they have finally decided to stick with the same title. Ongole Githa is a very popular variety of oxen that is found in the Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh !Actor Ram confirmed the news saying, \"We just had a meeting with the producers this morning and came to the conclusion that considering the story, hero's character, backdrop etc, we have decided to go with Ongole Githa as the title of the movie.\"Billed as entertaining lover story, the film is being directed by Bommarillu Bhaskar. \"The film will have Bhaskar's trademark love story, cure relations and another new angle as well,\" adds Ram.The filmmakers are planning to release the movie in December. Kriti Kharbanda is playing the female lead in the movie. The cast and crew of the movie are currently shooting in Tanuku.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16925238", "title": "PLFI men give cops the slip following encounter in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: A group of People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) extremists gave security forces the slip following an encounter at Redwa village under the Kamdara police station of the district on Monday.Gumla subdivisional police officer (SDPO) D K Pande said the encounter occurred when a police team led by inspector BN Pande along with the officers in-charge of Kamdara, Basia and Sisai police stations -- Arjun Purty, Pradeep Chowdhary and Kuldeep Ram respectively -- arrived at Redwa village following a tipoff that a group of People's Liberation Front of India activists were on way to the village, located about 55 km from here, to conduct an operation.When the extremists arrived at the village at around 10 am an encounter ensued between PLFI ultras and the police team in which around 20- 25 rounds were fired were exchanged between both sides, thesubdivisional police officer (SDPO) said.There were 10- 12 People's Liberation Front of India men including commanders Martin Kerketta, Charka Munda and Sanjay Tigers, according to the subdivisional police officer .\"The PLFI cadres managed to escape. There was no casualty on either side,\" Pande said.The People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) has been very active in Kamdara and Basia areas while it has, of late, expanded its network in areas under the Gumla, Ghaghra, Bharno , Sisai and Raidih police stations of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16921624", "title": "Grenade blast: Strict action against those responsible for negligence", "text": "We have repeatedly argued that where life or limb is lost due to the negligence of civic authorities, they should be held responsible and made to pay compensation. The same principle applies to this situation as well. Children simply should not have access to areas where unexploded grenades are lying around. Conversely, where children do have access, the BSF must ensure that there are no hazardous things. The victims' families must clearly be paid adequate compensation in this case. But that alone won't do. The officers responsible for letting such a situation arise in the first place must be held accountable and strict action taken against them.Related Story  :  3 teens killed in grenade blast near BSF range", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16921985", "title": "Walled city rocks on eighth night", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Walled city saw maximum action in Ahmedabad on the eighth day of Navratri when people offered ashtmi prayers and performed yagnas. It was also the night when many people, who had taken special vows and pledges, rocked the night dancing with auspicious earthen pots and series of lit diyas on their heads.Raheel Patel of Vaarso said that walled city livens up especially in the last two days of Navratri when people perform special prayers marking the culmination of their fasting.In Bhanderi ni Pol, a number of men and women danced with lit diyas and garbis on their heads. The feat attracted lot of attention from Amdavadis living outside the old city, as well as, foreign tourists. Goddess Amba idol made of 'ghee' is also a special attraction. The idol is made from 150 kg of ghee and needs 900 kg of ice to keep the surrounding temperature down and retain its form.In Vaghan Pol, most of the people who had sought special favors from the goddess danced with garbas and garbis on their heads. While men danced with earthen pots, women carried replicas of the Mataji's temple on their heads. \"It required great reverence and skill to dance with garbas and garbis on their heads. It is a feat worth watching,\" says Patel.Dr Hemant Bhatt of Desai ni Pol said that the local yuvak mandal has organized community dinner wherein all the members of the pol will share a special meal to mark the end of festival. \"We had theme garbas with special dress codes of baadla, bandhni, and laheriya,\" said Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16925826", "title": "Campus interviews from October 30", "text": "BHOPAL: Campus interviews have been organised from October 30 to November 10 for pre-final year students of selected engineering colleges and technical institutions. The campus interviews will be held at Bhopal, Indore, Ujjain and Gwalior.Students of only pre-final year will be eligible to appear at the University Entry Scheme-23 Interview for the session 2012-13, a government spokesperson informed on Monday.The interviews will be held at Bhopal from October 30 to November 3, Indore November 5 to 7, Ujjain on November 8 and Gwalior on November 9 and 10. Interviews will be held from 9 am to 5 pm.At Bhopal, campus interview will be held at MANIT on October 30, UIT on October 31 and November 1, LNCT on November 2 and RKDF on November 3.At Indore, the interview will be held at MIT on November 5-6, SDBCT at November. In Ujjain, it will be held at MIT on November 8 and in Gwalior at MITS on November 9-10. In all, 1648 students will appear at the campus interviews, the spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "16925754", "title": "Katni power project hits a roadblock as protest intensifies", "text": "JABALPUR: With hundreds of farmers threatening self-immolation, the proposed Rs 7,360 crore worth thermal power plant (TPP) to be set up in Katni by Wellspun Energy Limited has hit a roadblock. The work at the site came to a standstill last Sunday after nearly 2,000 farmers, protesting against the forced acquisition of their land, sat on unlit pyres in Bujbuja village and successfully stalled the bhoomi pujan ceremony.The numbers has swelled since then with residents of neighbouring villages joining the crowd and even as authorities struggle to maintain law and order, local BJP leaders squarely blamed ally Janata Dal for \"engineering and instigating a regressive movement\".Badwara BJP MLA Moti Kashyap specifically named former JD MLA Saroj Nayak for misleading the gullible farmers. \"MP faces a power shortage and the proposed TPP could go a long way in salvaging the situation. The state needs new projects and industries. If the world renowned Wellspun group is made to pack up and leave, no new industrial house will head our way,\" Kashyap told TOI while lambasting his JD colleague for the mess up.Nayak, who incidentally is leading the agitation, airs grave reservation about the strong arm tactic of the government. \"The environment impact assessment report by Wellspun, she declared, describes the entire Bujbuja and Dokaria belt as barren and agriculturally non- productive single crop land. This, she alleged, is a rank lie as the site hugs acres and acres of lush paddy fields. The families of 200 farmers own 400 acres of land which Wellspun wants to acquire. Having failed to persuade the farmers, they have resorted to pressure and blackmailing in connivance with administration, she charged.The plant, feared Chaitu Patel, one of the protesters, \"will pollute Mahanadi river - our only source of irrigation. We will not allow it to come up,\" he said.The proposed plant aims to produce 2,000 mega watt TPP by 2015. The MoU with the state government was signed in November 2009. Nearly 800 acre out of the proposed 1,200 acre is divided between the government land and that owned by tribals, and has already been acquired.\"Remaining 400 acre, official sources claimed, belongs to Kurmi, Kacchi, Patel and other backwards, who are playing into the hands of vested interests. There have been sporadic protests held over the last two years but things have taken a serious turn since Sunday,\" one of them told TOI.Meanwhile, both sides wait for the other to blink.\"We cannot be forced to part with what is rightfully ours,\" Patel declared.Jay Shukla, local head of Wellspun, expressing concern at the \"activities of motivated outsiders\" is sure that \"work will shortly resume\" even as the administration keeps its fingers crossed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920873", "title": "Child witnesses shouldn't be dismissed: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The evidence of a child witness shouldn't be rejected outrightly by courts, the Delhi high court has cautioned, while awarding life sentence to a man for kidnapping and then raping a minor girl three years ago.A bench of justices Sanjiv Khanna and S P Garg dismissed Shalimar Bagh resident Amrit Sharma alias Amit's appeal against his conviction and sentence of life imprisonment, awarded by the trial court on September 27, 2010 on basis of the testimonies of the victim and her friend.\"The law on the issue is that the evidence of a child witness cannot be rejected outrightly. It must be evaluated more carefully and with greater circumspection because a child is susceptible to be swayed by others and can be tutored,\" the bench noted, saying that \"Small children can make false identification not because they want to depose and state false facts but because they may not be guided and be fully aware and conscious of the adverse consequence and the effect of making false positive identification.\"HC accepted the statements of victim, a 4-year-old girl at the time of incident in April 2009, and also her friend, who is also of same age group, that the accused had offered them biscuit and Rs 10 to go with him. While the victim's friend declined the offer of the accused she saw the victim being taken away by him to a nearby forest.\"In the absence of any contrary evidence, we cannot assume that testimonies of the victim and her friend should not be considered simply because they are child witnesses. There is nothing on record to show that both of them were not capable to reveal the incident and identify the accused,\" the court concluded.Dismissing the argument of the accused that the victim's mother is trying to frame him to extort money the court emphasized that \"it was the perception of the child witnesses as to how they connected the culprit as he was not known to them by name. There was no hesitation in both of them to recognize and identify him in the court. The accused was arrested on the identification of the prosecutor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922755", "title": "Doctors, patient's kin clash at King George's Medical University, services hit", "text": "LUCKNOW: Patient care services at the Gandhi ward of King George's Medical University were disrupted following a clash between junior doctors and attendants of a patient on Monday morning. Police had to intervene to control the situation. The aggrieved attendants have lodged an FIR with the Chowk police, while medical university constituted a five-member committee to probe the matter.According to eye witnesses, the incident took place at around 9.00 a.m., when the patient Surya Narayan Dwivedi (50) was brought to the medical university on account of severe chest pain and high blood pressurewhich could have been due to some cardiac complication.To confirm if there was an involvement of the heart in the patient's condition, Dr Mohit Bhutani, the doctor on duty recommended an ECG test.Bhutani was completing the paper work, while the condition of some other serious patient worsened. Considering the circumstances, the doctor decided to let the ECG of the serious patient be performed before that of the lawyer.The action was opposed by patient's son Prateek. The objection raised by the patient's son soon assumed the shape of an argument between the doctor and the attendant. Seeing the situation getting critical, guards deputed in the Gandhi ward pitched in and took the agitating attendants out of the ward.However, doctors claim that the attendants assaulted the guards. Meanwhile, public relations officer on duty reached the place and tried to control the situation. But by now, the attendants were joined by fellow lawyers of the patient and the argument grew bigger. Medical university officials called the police to take charge of the matter.The aggrieved attendant alleged that junior doctor along with his fellow residents and security guards on duty, locked him up in medical university public relation officer's room and bashed him instead of conducting the test. He also said that the doctors misbehaved with his father. Irked over all this, Prateek lodged an FIR against the doctor. IP Singh, in-charge Chowk police station said, \"We have booked Bhutani under sections 394 and 307 of IPC and are taking statement of the eye-witnesses.\" Section 395 amounts to voluntarily causing hurt and committing robbery, while 307 is pressed for attempt to murder.KGMU spokesperson Prof Abbas Mahdi, said vice-chancellor Prof DK Gupta, has constituted a five-member committee headed by dean Prof Raj Mehrotra to probe the matter.\"The committee would submit its report in a week's time. Based on their recommendations, future course of action would be decided,\" he said. There were rumours that the resident doctors could proceed on a strike in protest over the incident. However, authorities have denied any such development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920139", "title": "Key IM man Fasih deported by Saudi Arabia, held at IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: India finally got Fasih Mohammad, a key fund-raiser for the Indian Mujahideen (IM), in its custody.The engineer, who hails from Bihar's Darbhanga district and is believed to be one of the founding members of IM, was arrested by Delhi Police at the Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport here on Monday morning, after he was deported by Saudi Arabia.Fasih is believed to be connected to the Chinnaswamy Stadium (April, 2010) and Delhi's Jama Masjid (September 19, 2010) terror attacks.Fasih is the third terrorist to be deported from Saudi Arabia in the past five months, while five others, including Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) operative Fayyaz Kagzi, are still holed up in the country. The key 2611 Mumbai terror attack handler Abu Jundal was deported in June, whereas another Lashkar terrorist A Rayees of Kerala was deported earlier this month.India has already written to Saudi Arabia, seeking help in tracing the five suspects, including Kagzi, who have been running sleeper cells from there to carry out terror attacks in India.The arrest brought to an end a long spell of uncertainty within the Indian establishment about whether New Delhi would be able to get access to Fasih. The deportation is seen as a breakthrough for Indian investigators who have been trying to lay their hands on the senior IM `terrorist'. Agency sources said they believe this arrest would help them gather more information on this shadowy organization, which Indian agencies believe was set up by LeT and ISI to promote homegrown terrorism within India. This makes Fasih a prize catch, said sources. In his initial conversations with investigators, Fasih is believed to have revealed that five other IM members, including Kagzi, were still in Saudi Arabia.Hours after getting Fasih deported, Indian on Monday termed him a \"very important catch\", saying Saudi Arabia fully cooperated in his deportation to India. In his first official reaction on Fasih's arrest, home secretary R K Singh said, \"He was a very important catch. He was deported after he had served a sentence there( for some crime committed there). Saudi Arabia fully cooperated with us.\" He said India had submitted \"material evidence\" against Fasih to Saudi authorities to press its demand for deportation for his involvement in various terrorist acts in the country. \"Our officers were in touch with Saudi Arabia. That is how it happened,\" he said. The home secretary's statement raised frowns in MEA, which has been trying to get the home ministry to keep operational details out of public view.Fasih has been in Saudi custody since May. India wanted him for his involvement in Chinnaswamy Stadium blast in Bangalore and IM's Meer Vihar (Delhi) factory, which was unearthed by Delhi's Special Cell last November, with the arrest of 13 IM terrorists. Fasih's name as an important leader of the organization and close association with Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal in Pakistan and Yasin Bhatkal in India, had cropped up first during questioning of other IM members \u2014 Gauhar Aziz Khomani and Mohammad Tarique Anjum Hasan (both natives of Darbhanga). His role is also being examined in the Jama Masjid attack case. A Red Corner Notice (RCN) was also issued against him in May.Sources say \"since the formation of Indian Mujahideen in 2003, he used to visit several places and collect funds for Jehadi activities. He was in direct touch with Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal\". During the interrogation of 13 IM terrorists, Delhi Police investigators learned that the IM boss, Ahmad Zarrar Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal, used to make regular calls to Saudi Arabia. They suspect those calls were made to Fasih.The Fasih deportation differs from that of Jundal, primarily because there was little doubt about the former's nationality. While Jundal was picked up in Saudi Arabia with Pakistani documents, Fasih had Indian identification on him. Ironically, the case against Fasih was helped by his wife, Nikhat Parveen, who filed a habeas corpus regarding his \"disappearance\", accusing the Indian authorities of hiding him.India's efforts to have him deported, however, got complicated because of legal reasons. Though he was part of IM since his days in the Engineering College at Bhatkal, he was never charge sheeted for his involvement. In fact, he was detained by Saudi authorities allegedly for a minor visa-related offence.It took a while for the Indians to put together a credible documentation on him. The charge sheet against Fasih in the Chinnaswamy Stadium case came after he was detained by the Saudi authorities. In addition, Fasih insisted he was not Indian, though his wife's legal efforts put paid to that bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16921467", "title": "Thousands throng pandals as puja spirit peaks", "text": "JAIPUR: Devotees from the city flocked to various Puja pandals on the occasion of Maha Asthami on Monday. Various Bengali clubs witnessed festive fervour reaching its peak while Shila Devi temple at Amber fort attracted thousands of worshippers. Almost 8,000 people visited the temple on Monday. The crowd was more than expected and police had a tough time in managing it. \"Sunday and Monday witnessed huge queues in the temple. There was a massive crowd on the fourth and sixth day of the Navratras too,\" said Vishnu Prakash, a shopkeeper in the area.Durga Bari remained the major point of attraction among both Bengali and non-Bengali worshippers. Around 4,000 people were present for the evening puja. \"Generally, Ashtami and Navami are the days that see maximum number of people visiting the pandals. This year though, Sunday followed by Ashtami saw a lot of crowd at pandals,\" says Sudipto Sen, secretary, Jaipur Durga Bari Association.Similarly, many people turned up for offering prayers and pushpanjali in the morning at Agrani Cultural Association, Raja Park. The sound of the dhak attracted everybody in the locality to pay a visit to the pandal. The scrumptious bhog offered in the noon was enjoyed by more than 2,000 devotees. A similar attraction was at the pandal of Probasi Bengali Cultural Society at Jai Club. The club saw a footfall of around 4,000 devotees and was packed to capacity during the morning and evening pujas.After evening prayers, all clubs geared up for the most important 'sandhi puja' which happens between Ashtami and Navami. This year, sandhi puja was performed between 12:17 am and 1:23 am. \"Sandhi puja is meant to destroy negative energies present in nature. It is a very important puja for the Bengali community,\" said Mrityunjaya Rai, a priest involved with the puja. He added, \"In the earlier days, there used to be an animal sacrifice, but now we do it symbolically by cutting a fruit.\"All the members in various clubs and associations also prepared for cultural events during the evening. Special competitions and progarmmes have been organized by them. Some of them have even called troops form West Bengal to give a flavor of the festivities going on there.\"It is a time for us to come together and celebrate the festival as a community. Events during the puja give us the opportunity to get to know each other,\" said Ashok Sharma, media convener of Probasi Bengali Cultural Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16921368", "title": "Help pours in as baby Damini fights for life", "text": "JAIPUR: Baby Damini is struggling for life. Days after TOI published the story of the newborn who lost her mother at time of delivery, forcing her rickshaw puller father to carry her around in a sling, doctors say her condition is critical and she is on ventilator support.After the report was published, financial aid had poured in for the baby and her poor father. Now, the state government is bearing the cost of her treatment. Unfortunately, Damini's organs have got affected due to infection and she is also suffering from pneumonia, apart from being underweight and anaemic.Damini's mother Shanti died on September 20 at the time of delivery and since there was no one to look after the girl, her father Bablu started carrying her in a cloth tied around his neck while riding a rented rickshaw to earn his livelihood.After the intervention of Bharatpur district collector Gyan Prakash Shukla, the baby was rushed to Fortis Escort hospital in Jaipur on Sunday night. A doctor attending the girl, J K Mittal said the girl is suffering from pneumonia, fungal septicemia, renal failure and electrolyte disturbance even as the doctors are leaving no stone unturned to save her life.State government claimed that they would help Bablu in every possible way.Shukla said, \"The state government will bear all costs of treatment of the girl. Bablu will not have to spend even a single penny.\"The collector said that they have also ordered an inquiry into the death of Bablu's mother. Shukla said that Bablu had alleged that his wife died due to carelessness of doctors. \"In this regard, I have ordered an investigation to find out if there was any carelessness on the part of Zanana hospital doctors,\" Shukla said.Shukla said, \"Many people have donated money for his (Bablu's) daughter. We will ensure that the money will only be spent on her education but our first concern is about the health of the girl.\"\"After his girl recovers, there are many options for Bablu. An NGO has offered to keep his child and also give a job to Bablu so that he could live there and take care of his daughter,\" Shukla said.Outside the hospital, Bablu broke down when he was told that his daughter is critical. Bablu said, \"How could I let my daughter die? For the last 33 days I kept my daughter close to my heart while pulling a rickshaw. I want to send her to school. I am praying to God for my daughter's life.\"When asked why he did not keep her in a children's home run by NGOs or the state government, Bablu said, \"Someone told me that I would not get my daughter back once I placed her in someone else's custody.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "durban", "code": "16924553", "title": "It was a big achievement to open with Tendulkar: Smith", "text": "DURBAN: Coming into Champions League T20 as the defending champions, Mumbai Indian might be leaving South Africa without a single win under their belt but for Dwayne Smith the experience has been fulfilling personally as he got a chance to open the batting with Sachin Tendulkar .\"At MI you open the batting with Sachin Tendulkar. From the time I was young, I've always admired him as a batsman and to open the batting with him is a big achievement for me. I feel a lot more confident when I'm batting with him,\" he said.\"He keeps chatting to me while batting. Especially if I play a bad shot, he comes up to me and tells me it wasn't the right shot to play and explains me how to go about the game,\" Smith added.Stating that there was a small technical issue that he was facing before coming to CLT20 but has now managed to sort it out with the help of Tendulkar and MI coach, Smith said, \"He (Tendulkar) has been talking to me in the nets as well. I had a little glitch coming from World T20. Sachin and coach Robin Singh have been of great help to me in sorting it out.\"I don't have any problems anymore. I just want to move on from it,\" Smith was quoted as saying by clt20.com.Smith said that he had thoroughly enjoyed his stint as an opener during the CLT20.\"From the time I started opening, I've enjoyed this role and I still am enjoying it. As an opener you get the better part of the game.\"It's challenging as sometimes you have to build the innings, while at times you have to go after the bowling. The first six overs are the opportunity for me to play to my strength and attack the ball. It's good for me and I like it.Meanwhile, speaking about his Mumbai Indians' dismal performance during the tournament, Smith said that the team failed to click as a unit.\"I just think we didn't play as a team. The batting or bowling didn't come together. We know where we went wrong. We will all go back to the drawing board and learn from our mistakes,\" he insisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926767", "title": "I gorge on puranpolis: Sonalee", "text": "Dussehra is one of my favourite festivals as it marks the beginning of the upcoming festive season \u2014 Diwali, Eid and then Christmas. Every year, our entire family \u2014 my parents, brother, grandparents, uncles, aunts and cousins get together.The first thing that comes to my mind about celebrating Dussehra is the custom that we follow at home. We don't really know how it originated, but my grandmother tells us that it has been followed by generations. We create a huge replica of Lord Rama made from rice grains. Then the children of the house hunt for the gold hidden in his stomach (which is kept earlier by the elders in the house) using a knife. This signifies that Goddess Laxmi resides in the Lord and visits your house on this day. Now we all have grown up, but we still enjoy taking part in this ritual like we did as children. Though I am not particularly fond of sweets, I gorge on puranpoli made by my grandmother. I love the festive mood in the house and indulge in drawing a rangoli in front of our house using marigold flowers. This year Dussehra is extra special for me, as I start the outdoor shoot for my first Hindi film in Baroda. Although I will miss the festivities at home, I will make it a point to stay connected in my own way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16925484", "title": "Durga Puja: Viral fever ruins the festivity", "text": "RANCHI: Durga Puja spells fun frolic and fiesta. But several residents of the city have had to forego all this as viral fever has taken many in its fold.Several cases of viral fever have been reported at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) and Sadar Hospital in the past few days. \"Changes in temperature increase the chances of viral fever, cough and vomiting.This being a transitional phase, such cases are likely to be on the rise. While the temperature soars during the day, it dips at night. Hence, it is advisable to take some precautions as people prefer eating out in the festive season. Most of their time is also spent outside. So they must refrain from having ice-creams and street-side food and maintain hygiene as the virus is contagious,\" said the associate professor of the department of medicine in RIMS.Needless to say, this has dampened the spirit of many who have been confined to their homes owing to fever. \"I have been down with viral fever for the last four days. Other family members have also caught the virus. This has spoilt our mood as we had been making preparations for the Puja for a month. But now I can't move out and the children are also upset,\" moaned Divya Singh, a housewife.Vaibhav Kumar, a student, is faced with the same problem. \"I was so excited about Puja vacations. I had made elaborate plans. But here I am, down with viral fever and cough. I am missing out on all the fun of being at the pandals with my friends and eating the bhogs. This Puja was important as I was moving out next year for further studies. But this fever has dampened my spirit and spoilt my plans.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16925787", "title": "Gandhi topi a must for students at MANIT convocation", "text": "BHOPAL: Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) will continue its tradition of asking students to wear Gandhi topis during the convocation ceremony. This year the ceremony is scheduled for October 28.The Gandhi topi was made a part of the ceremony last year.MANIT authorities have said all degree recipients will have to follow the dress code as decided by the nstitute. Male degree recipients have to wear white shirt, black trousers and institute blazer. Female degree recipients have to wear white salwar kurta and institute's blazer.The dresses are to be arranged by the students only. However, the sash and Gandhi topi will be provided by the Institute.According to organizers, former director, IIT Madras, Professor Madaboosi Santanam Ananth will be the chief guest while chairman, board of governors of MANIT, Prof GK Mehta will preside over the function.In the 9th convocation of the MANIT, 1096 degrees will be conferred which includes 696 B.Tech. degrees, 26 degrees in B.Plan ,41 degrees in B.Arch, 72 MCA, 45 MBA, 2 M UDP, 176 M.Tech and 36 PhD degrees.Candidates for first and second position will be awarded with gold and silver medals respectively during the convocation ceremony..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16920921", "title": "Arrested Gosikhurd engineer yet to be suspended", "text": "BHANDARA: Superintending engineer of the Gosikhurd lift irrigation circle (Ambadi) Madan Mate who was caught by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) for demanding Rs 50,000 as bribe for approving a tender is yet to be suspended by the higher authorities.According to the Maharashtra conduct rules, any employee or officer who is an accused in an anti corruption case and spends 48 hours in police custody is either transferred or suspended. Mate was in police custody for 48 hours.After Mate was granted bail, the ACB wrote to the higher ups of the irrigation department in Mantralaya, Mumbai demanding his suspension, but the order was not issued.The ACB searched Mate's house in Pratap Nagar in Nagpur and found Rs 2.28 lakh with his mother Ansuyabai and savings certificates worth Rs 13. 32 lakh. His mother also owns agricultural land.Officials also wanted to search his bank lockers but Mate requested them for time. He said that since there were guests at home, he would personally come to the ACB office and co-operate with the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921169", "title": "Conspiracy charge invoked over riots", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch on Monday invoked criminal conspiracy charges against those involved in the Azad Maidan violence on August 11, hinting at more arrests this week.Crime branch officials have collected phone records of Yusuf Ahmed Khan, a Myanmar national who allegedly told some Mumbaikars about alleged atrocities on minorities in Myanmar. Khan, an illegal immigrant living in Behrampada, was arrested on Sunday. He is a disciple of Maulana Nyamatullah Noori, one of the 17 community leaders present at Azad Maidan on August 11.\"Noori spoke to Khan's contacts in Myanmar to confirm whether the attack claims were true. Khan then forwarded the text messages to many others,\" said an officer.Noori allegedly used this SMS-based information in his speech at the protest rally at Azad Maidan, which cops believe was provocative. \"A group of protesters who had come prepared with material like petrol, kerosene, bamboos, swords and unlicensed weapons got charged up after hearing the provocative speech and vented their anger on the police and the media,\" said the officer.But community leaders have denied this claim and maintain that the purpose of the protest was to highlight atrocities on minorities and the failure of the government and the media to give it importance. \"The meeting was called to mark a peaceful protest and pray for those suffering in Assam and Myanmar. But due to the acts of a few notorious youths, the city's peace was destroyed, disgracing the community,\" said one of the leaders.During the course of the investigation, it has transpired that Salim Anwar Passa alias Lightwala, the other accused in the case who was arrested from Mysore, has over two dozen complaints against him. Lightwala, who was on run from the police, was arrested from Mysore on Saturday. With Khan and Lightwala's arrests, the total number of those arrested touched 62.The police believe that it was Khan who first got the message about three lakh minorities being thrown out of their homes and 30,000 of them being killed, robbed etc. Khan forwarded the text to Rizwan Khan alias Dayawan, the main organizer of the protest. The police also believe that Khan further forwarded the SMS to a few community leaders and organizers of the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16923991", "title": "Army nab Tamenglong schoolgirls' rapist", "text": "IMPHAL: A defected cadre of the underground Zeliangrong United Front (ZUF), Latjanthai Malangmai, who along with another defected colleague, Gigonpou, allegedly raped four schoolgirls at Khoupum area in Tamenglong district on October 5, has been caught by the army.Though the victims had said that Gigonpou had committed suicide in front of them inside the quarters of a government office chowkidar on the fateful day, the army said he was shot by his colleague, Latjanthai.The four girls were returning home from Don Bosco School at Gaidimjang village in Khoupum subdivision of the district when they were allegedly raped by two inebriated ZUF cadres, said an army statement released on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16922499", "title": "'Mining cos must compensate affected'", "text": "BICHOLIM: The Surla gram sabha on Sunday made a unanimous demand that the state government must shoulder responsibility by directing mining companies to compensate the mining-affected people.Shankar Ghadi, a local, said that villagers will have to remain on a hungry stomach if legal mining business is not started at the earliest.Another local Pradeep Kolahapurkar said mining companies should now take initiatives to start other kinds of businesses and pay a monthly honorarium to each family.Uday Gaonkar said that farmers may face acute water shortage this year, if mining activity is not started at the earliest.Sachin Narvekar said that mining companies should undertake the responsibility of paying full payment to the villagers till the period of mining ban is over.Sarpanch Mangaldas Usgaonkar chaired the meeting which was also attended by deputy sarpanch Suhasini Fondve, panch members Manisha Tarik, Bholo Khodginkar, Ramdas Gawde, Rameshwari Ghadi, Suryakant Gawde and Sanjay Surlikar.Other issues discussed included road repairs at Bayem Surla-Gaonkarwada, Bhile-Kadchal, Bhailifal, Dignem, Ghodkant and construction of new roads in other areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16924050", "title": "This Durga Puja communal harmony returns to Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura has regained its lost glory of communal harmony this Durga Puja. Besides the Hindus, several people of Muslim, Christian and Buddhist communities jointly organized as many as 13 community pujas in different locations of Tripura this year while about 207 pujas were organized by both tribal and non-tribal in Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council (ADC) areas.Tripura is hosting a total of 2151 community pujas including 351 in Agartala alone this year.Hundreds of devotees thronged into the pandals and temples on Mahasthami on Monday where Durga was worshipped in Kumair form, the virgin look (the most powerful form of Mahashakti).The administration has undertaken extra security and management measures in all Ramakrishna missions across the state, Durgabari of Agartala where the goddess is being worshiped for over 200 years now according to royal tradition and Matabari of Udaipur for Mahasthami celebration.Police said there was no report of any untoward incident anywhere in the state so far during the puja, except for the death of a youth in road accident in Agartala city last night. About 5000 security personnel along with dog and bomb squads were deployed in the city in the wake of threat of insurgents.With the withdrawal of southwest monsoon from Tripura last week, the state has been blessed with a very pleasant weather this time during puja and as a result, since Saturday evening, people started pandal hopping to see the artistic decorations and idols of Goddess Durga in and around the city.On the eve of Dussehra, Tripura Road Transport Corporation (TRTC) has also introduced a half-an-hour sightseeing on 11-seater double-engine choppers of the Pawan Hans in the city from Monday for five days at an affordable cost of Rs 500-700 per head like previous year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16922645", "title": "Tiatr Academy Goa's khell tiatr awards", "text": "Tiatr Academy Goa (TAG) will present the 'Khell/khell-tiatr awards' to three prominent khell-tiatr artistes. Aniceto Rodrigues, Surendra D Rankale alias Babu and Marcelina D'Costa alias Celina will be presented the lifetime contribution awards on the occasion of the birth anniversary of the khell-tiatr legend the late Rosario Rodrigues, on October 24 at 4.30pm at the Ravindra Bhavan, Margao. Deputy chief minister Francisco D'Souza will be the chief guest and will present awards. Well-known khell-tiatr and tiatr artiste of yesteryears Joe de Cavelossim will be the guest of honour. The award presentation ceremony will be followed by a musical programme directed by Lawry Travasso and comedian Agostinho, 'Rosario Rodrigues Goan Shakespeare', dedicated to the late Rosario Rodrigues.Art exhibition at Alto Porvorim: An exhibition of 40 selected paintings of Goan painter Angelo da Fonseca, titled 'Angelo da Fonseca, Maiden, Muse and Madonna', is presently on show at the Xavier Centre of Historical Research, Alto Porvorim. The exhibition will be on till November 14, Monday to Friday, from 10am to 5pm.Friday Balcao to discuss RTI, KYC forms: Right to Information Act and KYC forms for LPG cylinder will be discussed at the Friday Balcao discussion event to be held on October 26 from 4pm to 6pm at Goa Desc Resource Centre, Liberty Apartments, Feira Alta, Mapusa.Screening of 'Blood Simple' at Panaji: Sachin Chatte will host the screening of 'Blood Simple' at Sunaparanta - Goa Centre for the Arts, Altinho-Panaji, on October 24 at 6.30pm. Directed by Joel and Ethan Coen , the 97-minute film features Frances McDormand and John Getz in lead roles.Harp player Pratish Motwane at Nerul: Blues harp legend Pratish Motwane will perform at the Sol hotel, Nerul, on October 25 from 8pm onwards. Motwane will be backed by the house band 'Smoking Chutney', featuring singer Chrystal Farrell, guitarist Benoy Rai, pianist Sancho Menezes, drummer Bosco D'Souza and bassist Colin D'Cruz. For details call on 6714141.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16922165", "title": "Corporation to install biogas plants in schools", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi corporation plans to rope in schools to take up disposal of waste at source to promote such projects. It will join hands with Suchitwa Mission to install biogas plants at government and aided schools within city limits.The project will be inaugurated on November 1, along with the launch of Unarvu 2012 - a two-day exhibition of waste disposal equipment. The programme will be held at Rajendra Maidan.The civic body had earlier announced the plan of setting up biogas plants at schools, based on theme of My City My Pride, as part of the Suchitwavarsham programme. \"The biogas plants are being installed to treat waste generated on school premises. It will be ensured that plastic and other non-bio degradable substances are removed before transferring the waste collected in bins to the plant. The biogas plants will be installed at schools free of cost,\" said T K Asharaf, chairman, health standing committee.The project beneficiaries will include lower primary to higher secondary schools.On Unarvu 2012, he said the focus would be on promotion of non-plastic products.As the civic body find it difficult to treat waste generated, it was important to promote bio-degradable products and also equipment facilitating treatment of organic waste at source.A rally highlighting the message of cleanliness, in which at least 3,000 students are expected to participate, will be taken out prior to the launch of the exhibition.The corporation had come out with projects like Bhoomika, Suchitwasamvadam, seminars and My City My Pride to create awareness on cleanliness. Asharaf said the success of all these projects depended on public participation.\"In almost all our projects, we wanted the participation of schools. Children can take home the message and it can be taken to various levels from there,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "rajoli (mahbubnagar)", "code": "16922980", "title": "Telugu Desam Party chief skirts around Telangana issue", "text": "RAJOLI (MAHBUBNAGAR): Telugu Desam Party chief N Chandrababu Naidu on Monday reiterated that his party was not against Telangana and that he would declare their stand if the UPA government at the Centre holds an all-party meeting. He put the onus of resolving the state division issue on the Congress on the first day of his 'Vastunna Meekosam' padayatra in Telangana region at Rajoli in Mahbubnagar district.With no support from Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS), the Telangana Joint Action Committee's move to stage protests against Naidu at Rajoli fell flat. His entry was almost smooth as he, along with son Lokesh, entered the district at around 4.15 pm after crossing the Sunkesula barrage in Kurnool district. He was given a warm welcome by thousands of party workers and leaders, along with over two dozen party MLAs. Errabelli Dayakar Rao, Kadiyam Srihari, Mothkupalli Narsimhulu, Revanth Reddy and others were part of the welcome party. Singing party songs, waving yellow flags, beating drums and raising slogans, alongside women activists attired in colourful dresses and carrying Bathukammas on their heads welcomed Naidu. Enthused by the good presence of party activists and the public, Naidu lambasted the Congress and the YSR Congress party. \"The Congress is conspiring against the TDP in Telangana while the YSRCP is all set to merge into Congress if the cases against Jaganmohan Reddy are struck down,\" he said.Addressing a huge gathering at a public meeting here, he said there was a lot of pressure on him regarding the Telangana issue even though he was not in power. It is for the central and state governments to resolve the issue , he said. He tried to reason out with the people that TDP was the only party which served them in Telangana.He promised that if TDP came to power the first file signed would be on waiver of loans to farmers, the second on the closure of all belt shops in the state. Trying to woo the weaver community of Rajoli, he said he would do everything for the revival of handlooms by allocating Rs 1,000 crore in the budget.Earlier in the day, TJAC leaders M Kodandaram , K Swamy Goud, V Srinivas Goud and others who were on their way to Rajoli to stage a protest were stopped by the cops at Shantinagar near Alampur temple town. They leaders squatted on the highway and entered into heated arguments with the police authorities who refused to allow them from proceeding further. The JAC leaders affirmed the police that they would not stop Naidu's yatra but would only stage a protest seeking his stand on Telangana. Swamy Goud and Srinivas Goud objected to their arrest near Kottakota where they were arrested again and released.Tension mounted in Shantinagar when a handful of activists of Madiga Reservation Porata Samithi (MRPS) shouted slogans against Kodandaram asking him to go back, leading to disruption in traffic movement. They were ensued in a jostling with the cops who later dispersed them.Naidu, who completed 400 km of his walkathon while he was on the Sunkesula dam in Kurnool district, will walk for the next 12 days in Mahbubnagar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "durban", "code": "16917248", "title": "MI vs SS: Sydney Sixers beat Mumbai Indians by 12 runs in CLT20", "text": "DURBAN: Mumbai Indians' disastrous campaign in the Champions League Twenty20 came to an end with their third defeat in four matches as they meekly surrendered to Sydney Sixers by 12 runs at Kingsmead on Monday.Scorecard | PhotosChasing a modest target of 137, Mumbai frittered away a good platform provided by openers Sachin Tendulkar and Dwayne Smith as they ended on 124 for eight in their stipulated 20 overs.Tendulkar and Smith added 52 runs for the opening stand in 8.2 overs but the middle order failed miserably as the Big Bash champions clawed their way back into the match.Mumbai Indians gained a lucky entry as the fourth IPL team in this tournament but their entire campaign was a nightmarish one as they failed to perform as a unit in high-pressure situations, thus ending on a winless note.Unlike Kolkata Knight Riders and Chennai Super Kings, who played with a no-holds barred approach after being eliminated, the Mumbai Indians could not shrug off the rustiness that was their companion for the entire duration of the tournament.Australia's gen-next pacers, Mitchell Starc and Pat Cummins along with talented all-rounder Moises Henriques shared bulk of the spoils between them.For Mumbai, Smith top-scored with 28-ball 26 while Tendulkar, who looked well set en route his 22, was once again bowled before he could make it big.Mumbai kept on losing wickets at regular intervals as Rohit Sharma (16), Dinesh Karthik (18), Kieron Pollard (4) and Thisara Perera (2) failed to make any substantial contribution with the bat.Earlier, a disciplined bowling effort by Mumbai helped them restrict Sydney to a modest 136 for seven.Mumbai bowlers stuck to their task with pacers Lasith Malinga and Munaf Patel picking up a couple of wickets each.Barring a few overs at the start, Mumbai bowlers put up a splendid show to stop the Australian side from posting a challenging total.Steven Smith top-scored for Sydney with a run-a-ball 41 and together with Nic Maddinson (27) added 36 runs for the fourth-wicket partnership, which was the only highlight of the innings after the good start given by the openers.Electing to bat, Michael Lumb and Peter Nevill provided Sydney Sixers with a solid start but Munaf's twin strike in the sixth over pegged them back.Malinga struck to give Mumbai first breakthrough having Lumb (28) caught by Smith at deep midwicket. Lumb added 33-run for the opening stand with Nevill. In the next over, Munaf's double strike reduced the Sydney side to 40 for three in 5.3 overs.Munaf first accounted for Nevill, who mistimed a pull shot only to find Thisara Perera at mid-on. Two balls later, Haddin departed without troubling the scorers as he was caught by Ambati Rayudu at cover-point while trying to play a cut shot. Munaf's third over was a double-wicket maiden.Sydney struggled to build any substantial partnership after the departure of their openers as they lost wickets at regular intervals.Maddinson and Smith tried to revive the innings before the former got run-out by Malinga. Maddinson's 13-ball knock included a couple of boundaries and an equal number of sixes.Skipper Harbhajan Singh piled more misery on Sydney as he scalped Moises Henriques (0) to leave Sydney tottering at 77/5 in 12 overs.Towards the end, Nathan McCullum scored an unbeaten 12-ball 20 to help his side reach a modest total.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16923959", "title": "Mahashtami marked by animal sacrifice", "text": "GUWAHATI: Kamrupa, with its history etched by legends and myths, is synonymous with its adherence to \"shakti\" cult of Hinduism. On the occasion of \" mahaashtami\" on Monday, many goats, pigeons and buffaloes were sacrificed at various temples in the city.Major shakti hotspots in and around the city were thronged by ardent devotees forming serpentine queues and waiting patiently with their offerings. While some devotees carried plates with earthen oil lamps, flowers, vermillion, incense sticks, others tagged along pigeons in baskets, buffalo calves and even gourds and sugarcane sticks as part of their sacrificial offerings. The scene was same at Kamakhya, Ugra Tara, Dirgeshwari and other temples and shrines. At Kamakhya, buffaloes were sacrificed.At the Ugra Tara Temple, devotees queued up since early in the morning. As the day progressed, the queue only got longer. \"The gates were opened at 8 am. We are following a 1000-year-old tradition which forms an integral part of our culture. Sacrifice is an element of shakti worship. There were many debates about this practice but tradition cannot be stopped. I am surprised by the sheer number of people offering sacrifices. It cannot be stopped. As per tradition, we have to offer one sacrifice from the temple. On \"nabami\", buffaloes will be sacrificed,\" said Upendranath Bhattacharya, one of the members at Ugra Tara.The temple was built by Shiva Singha, an Ahom king. The legend says it was here where sage Bashistha was able to call Tara, one of the manifestations of the goddess. \"The tradition is maintained for the betterment of society. People come here for fulfilment of their desires,\" said Paresh Kalita, the general secretary of Ugra Tara Puja committee.\"I have come here to offer my prayers to the goddess. I have brought gourds and sugar canes to be sacrificed. I love animals and the sight of them being sacrificed is quite sad,\" said Bhadeshwar Kalita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16922465", "title": "'Forest dept has no records of mining leases in national parks'", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of mines and geology has said that the forest department does not have any record of how many mines are operating within the 10km radius from national parks and wildlife sanctuary, in a report prepared to be submitted to the Supreme Court constituted central empower committee (CEC) on Tuesday.The CEC had sought data on illegalities pointed out by the Shah commission report.Sources in the mines department have said, \"There is no record with the forest department of how many mines operating within 10km stated in the report.\"Director of mines Prasanna Acharya and officer on special duty in the mines department Levinson Martins on Monday evening left forDelhi to submit the report. \"The report will be submitted to the CEC on Tuesday,\" sources said.The CEC has sought information from the mines department on the number of leases falling within 10km from national parks and wildlife sanctuaries and their area.\"Details of non-operational mines and areas of leases falling within 10km from from national parks and wildlife sanctuaries,\" stated the questionnaire sent to the mines department by the CEC.The CEC has sought information on leases for which environment clearances had been granted with the condition that approval of chief wildlife warden will be obtained. \"Mining leases allowed to operate within a distance of one km from nearby national park, wildlife sanctuaries after Auguest 4, 2001\", stated in questionnaire.CEC had also sought information on mining leases allowed to remain operational within a distance of 10 km from nearby national parks and wildlife sanctuaries after December 4, 2001, without environment clearance by the standing committee, national board of wildlife.Details of the leases where environment clearance granted by the MoEF after December 4, 2006 were also sought. The CEC had also sought information on the number of leases in forest areas and whether it was approved under the Forest Conservation Act and how many applications are pending under the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16926551", "title": "Roger Moore saved Jane Seymour's life", "text": "British actress Jane Seymour has revealed that Roger Moore turned into a real life hero and saved the actress' life on the set of Bond movie 'Live And Let Die,' in 1973.The two stars were shooting scenes for the dramatic climax of Moore's debut 007 outing in 1973, when a mistake by a crewmember left the now 61-year-old actress teetering on the edge of a gaping hole in the ground.Quick-thinking Moore grabbed Seymour by her hair and yanked her to safety with seconds to spare.\"It was the voodoo scene and I was tied up, waiting to be rescued by Bond. We were supposed to descend into a grave together, but it all went horribly wrong,\" the Daily Express quoted her as telling Hello! magazine.\"The gravestone was actually a forklift truck in disguise and as the guy operating it pressed the wrong button, it collapsed.\"I could have plummeted into the chasm, but Roger instinctively grabbed my hair and pulled me towards him. I fell on top of him, on his private parts, which must have hurt,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924212", "title": "Busty trend catches up in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A century after an American woman underwent world's first breast augmentation, the 'busty' trend is slowly catching up in Odisha. \"Awareness about breast implantation is growing across the state,\" said Laxmikanta Mishra, cosmetic and plastic surgeon, who has done 18 such surgeries in the last six months.\"Most women want an increase in size. A smaller number want to restore breast that has been disfigured or lost to cancer. Women having amastia (absence of breast, or hypomastia (small size) are going under the knife\" said Mishra, who is working at the Apollo Hospitals in the city. He also dispelled the misconception that such surgeries affect milk secretion. \"Breast implants do not affect milk secretion in any way,\" asserted Mishra.According to experts, exposure to literature, media and internet and rising aspirations have made women in Odisha go for breast implantation - a trend popular in metros. \"I went for breast augmentation because their size was small. I browsed the internet and came to know that silicone implants are being done in Bhubaneswar,\" said a woman requesting anonymity.Talking about the trend, Dr Girija Sahu, cosmetic surgeon at the Ispat General Hospital, Rourkela, said, \"Earlier, people used to go to Mumbai or Delhi for the surgery. Now with the facility available here, women are preferring to get the surgery done in the state.\"According to Jayant Das, plastic and cosmetic surgeon at SUM Hospital in the city, \"Women have shed their inhibitions in tune with the times. The number of such surgeries has risen in Odisha due to three reasons - it's cost-effective, follow-ups are convenient involving less travel cost and language is not an obstacle particularly for those who do not know how to speak English or Hindi. In Vizag or Mumbai, this surgery costs Rs 1 lakh.\"For breast augmentation a silicone prostheses is implanted under the breast tissue or chest muscle, to increase the bust size. This has become unimaginably successful. In 2010, 1.5 million such surgeries were carried out worldwide. Out of these, 51,000 were in India, the seventh highest in the world. The US topped the list with 3,366,48. \"Awareness has increased manifold due to rise in the number of working women and peer pressure to overcome inferiority complex,\" said Dr Sunil Kumar Rout, consultant plastic surgeon, Kalinga Hospital. \"I have done 40 such surgeries so far. A few years ago, the concept was non-existent in Odisha and neither were there any experts,\" said Dr Rout.Three factors - patient's aspirations, structure of her body and aesthetic sense of surgeon - decide the final cup size. The risks involved could include rupture, infection, scarring asymmetry and bleeding. But Dr Mishra said the rejection percentage is between one and two.The cost of implanting a pair of gel cups in private hospitals in Odisha ranges from Rs 45,000 to Rs 50,000. For a single breast it's Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000. Though both silicone (gel) and saline (balloon and water) implantations are done, the former is more popular.Sagging breasts are corrected by a procedure called mastopexy (breast lift surgery) followed by implant. In cancer cases, flesh from other parts of the body is turned to cover resected cancer breast. Then the implant is done. Resection is partial removal of an organ or other body structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16924434", "title": "Trai allows telcos to offer combo recharge vouchers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom regulator Trai has allowed operators to provide new kind of recharge coupons for pre-paid connections that will provide dual benefit to consumers.The new \"Combo vouchers\" will enable customers to add value in their mobile phone account as well as avail services at discounted rates.\"...the Authority has decided, through the Fourth Amendment to the TCPR 2012, to permit the Combo Vouchers as a fourth category of vouchers with safeguards,\" Telecom Regulatory Authority of India said in a statement.Earlier rules allowed only three categories of vouchers, namely Plan Vouchers (either through cards or electronically) that enrols a consumer into a tariff plan, Top-up coupons for adding monetary value in to pre-paid account of consumers and Special Tariff Vouchers for getting value added services or discounts on services.After notification of Telecom Consumer Protection Regulation, 2012 (TCPR) in January, Trai said that there had been demands from several service providers and COAI to allow a fourth category of vouchers (Combo Vouchers).\"The Combo Vouchers would provide monetary value and tariff concessions through a single voucher,\" Trai said.Combo Vouchers will enable mobile phone subscribers to add monetary value to their prepaid balance as well as get benefit of special tariffs through a single transaction instead.As per Trai's instruction to telecom operators, Combo Vouchers will bear a blue colour band whereas the Top-Up Vouchers will have a green colour band.Telecom operators will also have to provide option of standalone top up vouchers along with combo vouchers.The regulation says that Combo Vouchers will clearly have to mention the terms and conditions so that subscribers can make an informed choice.Trai has said that service providers should ensure that customers are properly informed and conveyed about conditions and restrictions, if any, imposed on the monetary value provided through combo vouchers to avoid the possibility of confusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921315", "title": "Citizens check noise levels with cellphone application", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars have been monitoring decibel levels during the Navratri festival.Awaaz Foundation, which works towards creating awareness about noise pollution, received nine complaints since October 16, the first day of Navratri. Four people notified that they had downloaded free apps on their cellphones to monitor the levels in their locality.The complaints came from across the city, including Bandra, Juhu, Chembur and Ghatkopar. People said they wanted to check noise levels and eventually report violations, if any, to the police.Sumaira Abdulali, convener, Awaaz, said such cases should be reported to the police.\"Police complaints can be made anonymously, no one needs to fearIndividual complaints filed with the police will eventually count and authorities will realize that high noise levels beyond a certain time limit are not favourable,\" said Abdulali.On Monday, the eighth day of Navratri, garba was held at a Mulund (E) ground, which is 40m from a hospital. Loudspeakers were used at the event and Abdulali recorded 97db levels in the area. Only 40db is allowed in silence zones and as per HC order, only a distributed sound system can be used.now seem to be taking charge of the noise pollution in their locality on their own. Be it measuring the noise levels, or making a complaint, residents of various housing societies have taken a step towards monitoring the unnaturally high decibels during Navratri.Awaaz Foundation, which works towards creating awareness about noise-pollution, received nine complaints since October 16, the first day of Navratri, about high noise levels. Four people notified that they had downloaded free phone Apps to monitor the levels in their locality.The complaints came from across the city, including areas like Bandra, Juhu, Chembur and Ghatkopar. People also said that they had got the Apps to check levels and eventually report violations, if any, to the local police. Sumaira Abdulali, convener, Awaaz Foundation, said that the next big step would be reporting the high disturbing decibel levels to the police.\"People should also make an official police complaint. Since, a police complaint can be made anonymously, no one needs to fear. Individual complaints filed with the police will eventually count and authorities realize that high noise levels beyond a certain time limit are not favourable,\" said Abdulali. Abdulali said that among the complaints received by Awaaz Foundation, many are by anonymous senders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922749", "title": "Close shave for constable chased by goons in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: A police constable got first-hand experience of the deteriorating law and order situation in the city, when he was attacked by five persons near Colvin Talukdar College at 12.35am on Sunday.Dara Singh , a constable stationed at Aliganj circle office, was heading toward Parivartan Chowk on his bike in plain clothes when a white Tata Safari (registration number UP 44 - AS 0002) blocked his way after overtaking him. According to Dara, five persons got off the SUV and charged at him with intentions of snatching his pistol after killing him.Dara gave them the slip with an immediate U-turn and raced on the wrong side of the road. The group got into the Safari and chased him, allegedly, to ram him with their vehicle and ensure the matter went unreported. The SUV followed Dara and hit his bike from behind.Dara abandoned his bike and ran for his life on the road crying for help when a blue-beacon car slowed down. Sensing trouble, the gang of five hurriedly fled the scene.The incident was flashed on wireless across the city and the SUV was traced in a parking lot of an apartment in Vibhuti Khand area of Gomtinagar. The five accused were also arrested from one of the flats in the building.The SUV belongs allegedly to Chandrabhadra Singh aka Sonu, former MLA from Sultanpur district who lost the election this time.Those involved in the case are believed to be close aides of the duo Yashbhadra Singh alias Monu and Chandrabhadra Singh, popular as Monu and Sonu in political circle.\"Those involved in the case seem closely connected with Sonu and Monu,\" confirmed A A Ansari, CO Aliganj, under whose jurisdiction Dara is deputed. Further, the investigating officer of the case revealed that the flat from which the five accused were found, is registered in the name of the duo's mother. The five accused, Avinash Singh, Dilip Kumar , Sandeep Singh, Sunil Kumar and Suresh Kumar, were sent to jail on Monday and stringent charges have been pressed against them including under sections 395 and 307 IPC related to dacoity and attempt to murder.The police also found that two of the five accused, Sandeep Singh and Sunil Kumar, have been implicated in several cases including murder of Ram Kumar Yadav, a revenue inspector whose body was found in Sultanpur. Yadav was killed during panchayat polls in November 2010. Monu and Sonu were accused by Yadav's wife for his murder.Chadrabhadra Singh, meanwhile, refuted all the accusations. \"We have a fleet of SUVs including a Pajero, Fortuner and Scorpio but the Safari mentioned is not a part,\" he said, adding he or his mother do not own any flat in the said compound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16932444", "title": "Samantha dubs for herself in SVSC", "text": "Actress Samantha has decided to start speaking for herself . . . in the movies that is. The actress is all set to dub for herself in her next flick, the much talked about Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu ( SVSC). She is paired opposite Mahesh Babu in the movie. Venkatesh and Anjali are also starring in the flick.The actress shared the news through her twitter account saying, \"So I have taken on the Herculean task of dubbing for my Telugu films....SVSC dubbing day 1.... Half way through...I am still alive hee hee.\"The actress has been working on her Telugu for quite sometime now and is apparently very excited about the whole thing. In any case this is going to be a bit of a litmus test for the actress. Singer Chinmayi's husky voice was big part of her success in her debut flick, ye Maya Chesave. The singer has lent her voice to Samantha in a few films since. We will have to wait and see how the audience will react to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924294", "title": "Old vehicles rot on BMC premises", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At least 37 vehicles are lying defunct on the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) premises for over five years, eating into precious space as well as imparting an ugly look to the compound. According to official records, out of these 37 vehicles, 11 are under repair, 18 are waiting repairs and eight are eligible for auction. A vehicle after 15 years of use can be auctioned.Among the vehicles dumped are tractors, auto-rickshaw, canteen trucks, ambulance van, electrical ladder, tipper, cargo tipper, excavator, hook loader lorry, bed ford van, mini truck and cesspool emptier. Since 2007, eight vehicles have been declared to be 15 years old and are thus eligible for auction. But for five years, there has been no auction.Junior engineer (JE, mechanical) of BMC Abhimanyu Behera, who looks after the vehicles, said four tractors and trollies, two canteen trucks, one ambulance and one auto rickshaw can be auctioned.\"The eight vehicles are 15 years old and should be auctioned. There are around 11 vehicles, which are under repair. Once we get the clearance for auction, we will start it,\" said Behera.Mayor Anant Narayn Jena pointed fingers at the motor vehicle inspector (MVI) for the delay in auctioning. He said MVI has to certify that the vehicles cannot be used. But this report reached very late and the vehicles, which were ready for auction, couldn't be auctioned, he added. \"Unless the MVI report is handed over to the BMC, the auction is not possible. Files regarding auction are ready and it will be carried out soon,\" the mayor said, adding that the MVI takes Rs 400 per vehicle for supervision.Currently, the BMC uses around 108 vehicles, including 28 hired ones. The hired vehicles are used for official tours.BMC owns only six vehicles for official tours. Barring 34 vehicles out of 108, all other are utility-based and used in garbage dumping, electrical works, cleaning, transportation and carrying materials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16924685", "title": "More than 50 out of 75 members seek removal of zila panchayat chief", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a signed statement submitted to the district magistrate (DM) on Monday, around 52 out of 75 zila panchayat members have expressed no confidence in the leadership of present chairperson Kesri Devi Patel. They have demanded her immediate removal from the post.The members led by Rekha Singh met the DM Rajshekhar and drew his attention towards unconstitutional and corrupt practices which have taken place under the tenure of the present chairperson. These include misuse of official position, showing disrespect towards members, misuse of government facilities sanctioned for the development of public.The statements signed by SP MLA from Handia, Pratappur, Phaphamau, Bara, Phulpur, Soraon, City South former district vice president Vinay Kushwaha and others was handed over to the DM.The allegations levelled against the present chairperson include using undemocratic means to win the confidence of members during the zila panchayat elections in 2010 and granting tenders to her favourites and family members in violation of set norms.Kushwaha added that the DM was also apprised about the fact that former chairman made payments against works which were undertaken partially and workers were not paid their wages.Besides, they alleged that the members were never taken into confidence while passing proposals related to undertaking development works in Shankargarh and Karchana block.More than 20 shops run under the aegis of zila panchayat in Mauaima block were not auctioned and instead allotted illegally. This has caused loss of several crores to the zila panchayat exchequer.The complaint submitted by members also draws the attention of district authorities towards installation of solar streetlights at a private engineering college and residence of the zila panchayat chief despite the fact that they were bought for lighting up public places.The meeting of committees functioning under the zila panchayat which should be convened every three months were never convened by the chairperson which is against rules, complainants said.Zila panchayat chairperson Kesri Devi Patel, however, refuted the charges levelled against her. \"Ever since the Samajwadi Party government has come to power, development works have come to a standstill. Moreover, members are being coerced to sign on papers demanding my removal,\" she told TOI.Accusing the SP MP Reoti Raman Singh of engineering this conspiracy, she said charges against her are a direct fallout of results of assembly elections in Karchana assembly constituency where Singh's son lost to a Patel who contested the elections on Bahujan Samaj Party ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16922607", "title": "Arrested Loutolim locals get 15 days of police custody", "text": "MARGAO: All 15 persons who were arrested on charges of arson and rioting after a group of 40-50 persons allegedly broke into the house of Dinesh Mota at Carvota in Loutolim and caused damage to his property earlier this month, were remanded to 15 days of judicial custody on Monday.The 15 persons were earlier remanded to 11 days of police custody and were remanded to 15 days judicial custody by the judicial magistrate first class, Margao, on Monday.On October 15, after the accused completed four days of police remand, they had moved a bail application which was rejected and they were remanded to seven days of police custody.The accused persons moved a bail application on Saturday which will come up for hearing on Tuesday in front of South Goa district judge Nutan Sardesai.On October 10, locals vented their ire on Mota's house as they were upset at Mota for having rented out his premises to Santosh Pujari, the accused who has already been arrested by the police on charges of murdering Luis Baptista from the village.Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco expressed his dissatisfaction with the police investigations and demanded the arrest and interrogation of Mota who he alleged was aware of the murder and did not inform the police at the appropriate time. Pujari, a 25-year-old native of Gulbarga in Karnataka has been accused of murdering Baptista, who was found dead meters from his residence at Carvota, Loutolim, on October 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920872", "title": "RWAs welcome DDA move to hike floor-area ratio", "text": "NEW DELHI: A large number of cooperative housing societies have welcomed DDA's notification allowing higher floor-area ratio (FAR) for existing group housing societies, approved by the LG's office. Since the increased FAR - from 150 to 200 - applies only to new constructions, these societies are considering bringing down old structures to make way for new buildings.The provision for higher FAR in cooperative societies is part of the new master plan. \"We were getting a lot of queries from group housing societies that wanted to make use of the excess FAR. However, it was felt that the exisiting societies cannot be allowed to extend the structures as this would undermine the strength of the building and put people's lives at risk. The only way they can make use of the additional FAR is by constructing another block or tower on the premises,\" said a DDA official.There are thousands of cooperative housing societies in Patparganj, Mayur Vihar, Rohini, Vasundhara Enclave, Dwarka, etc. Barring new societies in Dwarka and Rohini, residents say all apartments constructed on DDA land are generally dilapidated, contain four or eight storeys, and lack parking space. In Patparganj, composed only of housing societies, many societies are exploring the idea. \"We are working on the proposal and checking with DDA on how to move forward. We have approached many builders, but we're yet to zero in on any one of them. We need to first wait for the final notification from DDA,\" said Santosh Mangal, secretary RWA of Ksheer Sagar cooperative housing society (Kailash Apartments) in Patparganj.He added, \"This society was made in accordance with the FAR 20 years ago. Once the higher FAR is incorporated into the amended master plan, we plan to seek flat owners' consent for redevelopment plans. At present, the society has three floors, but with the additional FAR we will be able to take it 12. Additional facilities, such as a two-storey underground parking, are also on agenda. Each flat owner will get a larger area and the additional flats made with higher FAR can be sold by the builder to cover his costs,\" he said.However, if even a single flat owner disagrees, the proposal would have to be shelved. Flat occupants will have to be relocated during the reconstruction. MN Bhattarcharjee, who is part of an NGO, has taken up the case of redevelopment of such buildings, said, \"We have sent a memorandum to the urban development minister to expedite the process. Many housing societies were constructed without architectural or engineering assistance three decades ago. Many of these structures are showing signs of aging. The main problem with redevelopment is of funds. This can be resolved if a builder can sell the additional flats he constructs with higher FAR in place of old buildings,\" he said.Cooperative society owners in Mayur Vihar Phase I and Vasundhara Enclave have approached DDA for details and are drawing up similar plans. Sushil Kumar from Dwarka forum, however, said most societies in Dwarka were relatively new and many flats were still empty, so they were not looking at any such proposal.Officials said the additional FAR is permissible under Master Plan 2021, and the decision was taken by senior officials at a meeting in the LG's office in April.\"To avail the higher FAR, society members will have to take permission for demolition of old structures, and building the newer ones, complying with building regulations of the government or DDA as applicable. The process is lengthy and requires consent of all flats owners,'' added an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16922289", "title": "Little girls hold centre stage at festivities", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents celebrated Durga Ashtami or Maha Ashtami, the eighth day of Navaratra with devotion and fervour on Monday. Devotees invited little girls dressed in ethnic clothes to their homes and worshipped them as \"kanjaks,\" avatar of goddess Shakti.Those fasting for the last one week for Navaratras completed their fasting on Monday, while still others who would commence their fasting on the ninth Navaratra would be inviting small girls on Tuesday. Goddess Kali is said to have appeared from the forehead of goddess Durga on this day to annihilate demons Chanda, Munda and Raktabija.\"I missed school on Monday to be a part of Ashtami celebrations and enjoy the festivity,\" said Deeksha, a student, who is a resident of Sector 15.The auspicious day is also marked with special food prepared to be had after morning \"puja\" of goddess Durga. Salted black \"channas\" are specially prepared with \"puri\" and \"halwa,\" on the occasion.\"The day has a special significance during Navaratra. On this day eight forms of goddess Durga, called the eight \"Shaktis,\" are worshipped. Satvik food is consumed on this day and throughout Navratra, with no onion and garlic used in meals,\" said Shukla, a devotee.Some residents in the city hosted the evening \"aarti\" on the occasion of Ashtami and others visiting temples to attend it. \"It is believed that the evening between Ashtami and Navmi - the eighth and the ninth Navaratra - is very auspicious and a special evening prayer is done to mark the day,\" said a city-based priest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913712", "title": "Priyanshu replaces Prasenjit in Goutam's next", "text": "In a recent development Prasenjit Chatterjee has been replaced by Priyanshu Chatterjee in Goutam Ghose's untitle next. Prasenjit who has been always the Tollywood director's first choice after initial nod refused to do the film citing date issues. Unable to find alternate dates the director decided to move on and casted Priyanshu as the lead.Brand value communication produced this film is to have elegant Konkona Sen Sharma as the female lead. The film's shooting is going on at full pace at the heaven of earth, Kashmir.Link: http://bengalimovies.org/news/priyanshu-best-alternate-prasenjit-9663", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16924662", "title": "Rebels kill one in Koraput for 'helping' police", "text": "KORAPUT: Continuing their well-calibrated offensive against suspected police informers, Maoists gunned down a tribal in Koraput district on Sunday night. The deceased has been identified as Gumpha Kadraka, a resident of Gurumeda village under Bandhugaon policelimits.On October 18, the rebels murdered gram rakhi (village guard)Bhagaban Naik of Girliput in the district for passing on information to the police. In the latest incident, around 8 pm on Sunday, local villagersspotted the body of Kadraka lying in a pool of blood in an isolatedroad between Neelabadi and Kumbhariput, which lies at a distance ofabout 100 km from here.Sources said, Kadraka, who was in his mid-40s, had gone on somework but never returned. The Maoists pumped bullets from a close range.A Maoist letter, written by the secretary of the Koraput-Srikakulam division of the CPI (Maoist) Daya, recovered from the spot, revealed that Kadraka was acting as a police informer.\"On several occasion we had warned Kadraka to refrain fromhelping the police in their combing operations but he didn't listen to us. Based on information supplied by Kadraka, the security forces conducted a combing operation in the area in November 2011. Kadrakawas punished for helping the police,\" read the Maoist letter. The Maoist letter also threatened others with dire consequences if they worked for the police.However, the police brushed aside the allegation that thedeceased was a police informer. \"Kadraka was never a police informer. The Maoists must have killed him for some other reason. Nothing much is known about the deceased. We are verifying his antecedents,\" said SP Koraput Awinash Kumar.Meanwhile, the police are yet to ascertain the whereabouts of the two, including a gram rakhi, who were abducted by the rebels onSaturday night in Malkangiri district. The Maoists had abducted one of their former companions identified as Daya Challan who had deserted the outfit a few months ago and gramrakhi Lachman Pangi from Malkangiri.\"We are hopeful that the rebels will release Pangi. As Daya has beenabducted on charges of extorting money in the name of Maoists, his release remains doubtful,\" said SP Malkangiri Akhileswar Singh. Also, L S Jagan, whom the Maoists had abducted on Saturday nightfrom Onkadeli in Koraput, is also in Maoist captivity. However, the rebels freed Janaki Rout of Onkadeli on Sunday night who was abducted on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16925485", "title": "Cruise for fun and frolic at Regional Park", "text": "INDORE: If throwing a bash for friends and relatives on cruise has been your idea of a perfect way to celebrate an occasion, here is some news to cheer about. Madhya Pradesh State Tourism development Corporation (MPSTDC) has started a boat club at Regional Park which is likely to be declared open for public in the next few days. The boat club will offer mini cruise on rent for few hours where people can celebrate party on moving cruise. Test ride of new boats was carried on Monday.Regional manager of MPSTDC, M N Jamali said, \"We have 20 boats including mini cruise, water scooter, motor boat and pedal boat. On small boat and water scooter, people can enjoy boating, while mini cruise will be available mainly for party purpose.\"Indore will be the third city in the state after Bhopal and Jabalpur to have a boat club. Depending on the response from people, the number of boats will be increased in coming months, he added.\"Hosting a cruise party provides a different experience altogether and we are expecting very good response from the local residents. In Jabalpur, where we have a bigger cruise, MPSTDC had also organized a weeding,\" he said, adding that initially, we will be able to offer only small parties.MPSTDC that has taken Regional Park from Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) believes that park will soon emerge as one of the favourite hangout destinations for Indoreans. The tourism department is also coming up with modern tent for night stay and food zone inside the park.Talking about the club, which is expected to be inaugurated in the next few days, Jamali said that it will remain open for public from 10.00 am till the sunset. However, in some special cases, visitors will be allowed even after sunset like for boat parties and alike.He said that boating facility will be available for people round the year. If water level reduces in summer, authorities have promised to provide water from the nearby dam. Floating jetty has been established as dock, which can be moved from one place to other in case of varying water level.\"If water level recedes, we can move the floating jetty (dock) deeper into lake,\" said Jamali adding that to add aesthetic appeal to the place, tourism department is also going to keep a dozen of ducks near the dock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920176", "title": "Teen caught for role in Muthoot robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: A minor accused of robbing the Muthoot Finance branch in Rohini has been caught. Altogether, 13.5kg gold and Rs 5 crore cash was lost in the June 22 robbery.The 17-year-old is the second suspect to be caught in the case. A team from Malviya Nagar police station caught him after a tip-off, a senior police officer said. The teen was produced before the Juvenile Justice Board and handed over to the outer district police, in whose jurisdiction the crime took place.The teen is being questioned to ascertain the whereabouts of two other accused who are still at large. Efforts are on to recover 10 kg gold and some cash that are still with the robbers.The northwest district police had earlier arrested businessman Kaushal Chauhan (30) on October 10 and recovered around 3.5 kg gold and cash amounting to around a crore rupees. A Tata Safari bought from the loot money was also seized.The minor, police said, had planned the robbery with Kaushal Chauhan and two others. He assaulted the guard during the heist. He has disclosed that he met Chauhan in Bhiwani and they bought weapons to commit the crime.They also roped in Rahul and Amit with the promise of money. The gang surveyed the area and selected the Rohini branch as just 2-3 employees worked there and the security was feeble.Police were informed about the armed robbery by the account assistant of Muthoot Finance.The apprehended minor had allegedly stabbed the guard with his knife and hit him on the head with the butt of a pistol.A case was registered at the north Rohini police station and the commissioner of police also announced a reward of Rs 1 lakh for information leading to the arrest of the accused.Chauhan had told interrogators that a matrimonial dispute had left him in a financial crisis that was deepened by business losses.After this, a heavy fine imposed by the electricity department forced him to attempt a robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16926357", "title": "BJP stands behind Gadkari, questions Congress stand on Vadra", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP stood firmly behind its president Nitin Gadkari facing corruption charges, saying the party \"endorses\" his stand on facing any investigation by competent authority.At the same time, it also lashed out at Congress for being \"prejudicial\" in demanding probe against him but refusing investigation into corruption charges against the party or against Robert Vadra.\"The BJP party president has himself said allegations levelled against him are baseless. He has appeared in media to explain his position. He has himself said that he is open to any investigations by any competent authority. The party endorses his view,\" party spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters here.The difference between BJP and ruling Congress party facing \"list of corruption\" charges lies in the fact that while Gadkari has said he is open to any investigation, Congress is running away from answering questions and is not open to investigations, she said.\"...you found cabinet ministers in the Union Cabinet coming out openly to say there is no need to investigate (against Vadra) in this matter. The difference lies in the fact that BJP is always open and its ready to meet the press and to say they are open to investigation,\" she said.\"If ministers are taking very prejudicial line on party basis... I don't think ministers should be selective of picking and choosing,\" she said.The party spokesperson also criticised Congress for trying to cover up allegations of corruption against Vibradra Singh and demanded a probe.\"There is an effort by the Congress to show all the reports which are coming against Virbhadra Singh... as though it is simple case of tax avoidance or tax related matters. It is certainly not that simple, it is just a clear cut open and shut case of corruption,\" she said.\"BJP demands that it be treated as corruption related and with all seriousness be investigated into,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16922821", "title": "Govt suspended engineers 6 months ago, and forgot", "text": "LUCKNOW: Has the UP government forgotten about the six engineers of irrigation department chief minister Akhilesh Yadav suspended six months ago? The question gains significance as even after the passage of six months, the inquiry into the case -- as per the service rules -- is yet to be completed and the fate of these officer hangs in balance.The six engineers were suspended on April 4 on the charges of laxity in maintenance of a barrage in Lakhimpur when chief minister Akhilesh Yadav was on an inspection in the district, 20 days after he took over. Chief engineer (West) Jaipal Singh, chief engineer (Sharda) Awadhu Ram, superintending engineer Lautu Ram and executive engineers Bharat Ram and Ram Nayan were suspended for poor maintenance of the barrage in Sharda Nagar. Heavy siltation was found in the barrage which was flooded with water on the day of the CM's inspection.According to the service rules, they should have been served a charge-sheet and an inquiry completed maximum by six months. By that logic, the inquiry should have been over by October 4. The service rules also say that the suspended officials are deemed to be reinstated if the deadline expires. Sources said that it was only two month ago that the suspended officials were handed over a charge-sheet. Significantly, all these engineers had been promoted during the Mayawati regime.CM suspends 16 UPPCL engrs for laxity in dutyUP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, on Monday, suspended 16 engineers including three superintending engineers of UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) on charges of laxity in duty and revenue recovery. Yadav was presiding over a review meeting of the energy department. According to sources, the engineers suspended included three executive engineers each from the four distribution companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16923066", "title": "Body of Dubai restaurant staff arrives", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of Deivamani , an employee of the Saravana Bhavan group of hotels who died after a fall from the sixth floor of a building in Dubai , was brought here on Monday . It was sent for another postmortem at the Government Royapettah Hospital and before being handed over to his parents.On October 20, police arrested Marshal , personal secretary to hotel proprieter Rajagopal's son Sivakumar, on charges of threatening the family to withdraw the complaint filed by the victim's brother Shakthivel.Deivamani's brother Shakthivel had sought the help of police commissioner S George to bring back his brother'sbody from Dubai .He said that on October 1, a representative of the hotel told the family about Deivamani's death and promised to help bring the body home . He also promised to pay Deivamani's financial dues. The hotel didn't keep the promises , Sakthivel said in his complaint and alleged foul play .\"Another post mortem has been conducted and we are awaiting the preliminary report ,\" joint commissioner of police (South ) K P Shanmugarajeshwaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16922603", "title": "Drive, walk freely on Calangute-Baga road soon", "text": "CALANGUTE: Come December, and the stretch from the Calangute football ground junction to Baga will receive a facelift at a cost of 1.5 crore thanks to sponsorships.The Calangute panchayat has been demolishing all the illegally constructed walls and shops on the narrow Calangute-Baga road since last Thursday. Simultaneously, the panchayat has been constructing a footpath on the two-meter \"reclaimed\" space for pedestrians on the left, as one goes from Calangute to Baga. The two-meter-wide space on the other side of the road is being used to widen the narrow road.Calangute panchayat member Joseph Sequeira told TOI that around 40 structures have been demolished so far. By early December, people will be able to walk without the fear of being run over, while cars will also find it easier to drive through, he said.Sequeira and Calangute MLA Michael Lobo have been personally supervising the ongoing work all day since the operation started last week. \"It's the need of the hour,\" Lobo told TOI. \"People don't want to walk on the road and get knocked down. There are so many complaints of people being brushed by cars, or rear-view mirrors dashing against somebody. The Calangute-Baga area is the heart of tourism in Goa. If we don't give tourists the required infrastructure, then it creates the wrong impression,\" he added.The Calangute panchayat is also in the process of readying a new parking lot opposite Casa Portuguesa. Sequeira said that the cost of 1.5 crore on the demolition, footpath and road-widening is being met through sponsorships from \"well-wishers\" from among the many resorts and hotels in the area as part of their corporate social responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16921289", "title": "Crimes against women: Khaps, women panel meeting on Oct 28", "text": "ROHTAK: It would be for the first time that Haryana khap panchayats and National Commission for Women (NCW) would join hands to find a solution to deal with growing crime against Women in the state. Khap leader Om Prakash Dhankar told TOI on Monday that NCW chairperson Mamata Sharma has agreed to participate in a meeting on the issue.Sharma would be the chief guest in the meeting organized by the Rohtak 84 khap (comprising 84 villages) in Chhotu Ram Dharamshala in Rohtak on October 28, said Dhankar. Dhankar, who is also coordinator of the meeting, said the NCW agreed to share platform after they were convinced that khap panchayats were not against women.Many khap panchayats including Meham Chaubisi, Dahiya khap, Hooda khap, Ahlawat khap, Sangwan khap, Sheoran khap and Dhankar khap have been invited for the meeting. However, Dhankar said that khap leaders, who had recently made controversial statements regarding lowering marriageable age of girls, would not be part of the meeting.Khap leader Vinod Bala, who is a teacher by profession and is from Dhakla village of Jhajjar district, said: \"We expect a number of women from rural areas, activists and student representatives to attend the meeting. They will deliberate upon a strategy to fight crimes like female foeticide and honour killing. A drive to awaken society would be initiated later.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16926301", "title": "Air Force loses to Thakur's hat-trick", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ace striker Deepak Thakur proved too crafty for the Air Force men, scoring a hat-trick in Indian Oil Corporation's (IOC) massive 6-1 victory over Indian Air Force on the second day of the All India Sahibzada Ajit Singh Hockey Champion Trophy 2012 at Prithipal Singh Hockey Stadium at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU).IOC, coming off their hard fought victory over BPCL in the title clash for Surjit Singh Memorial Hockey Tournament three days ago, seemed a bit weary in the start. As a result, Indian Air Force, which started at a much faster pace, scored the first goal of the match through a stunning drag flick by Jagroop Singh.After many attempts on the goal, IOC equalized through a strike of Deepak Thakur's stick from the top of the circle 23 minutes into the game. Thakur then took IOC to a comfortable position with a two goal lead in the next couple of minutes.In the second half, IOC mounted pressure and scored at regular intervals, capitalizing the cracks in Air Force's defense with counter attacks, as they pushed forward for a goal. One such counter attack by IOC, built up between Deepak Thakur and Prabhjot Singh, brought them a penalty stroke when Prabhjot was fouled in a goal scoring position. Penalty corner specialist Gurjinder Singh flung the ball low into the right corner of the post.Earlier, in another one sided affair that witnessed the first hat-trick of the tournament, Namdhari XI defeated Baba Farid Club (BFC) 5-0. BFC looked out of sorts conceding soft goals to give a 3-0 advantage to the Namdhari team before half time. Joga Singh proved outstanding for Namdhari, scoring first three goals and assisting the fourth one, out of the five goals scored.In the third match, ONGC Mumbai defeated Punjab National Bank by 3-2, as two goals came from Gurjant Singh's stick for ONGC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16921883", "title": "Erratic supply of drinking water hampers measures to curb dengue", "text": "COIMBATORE: While all the healthcare officials both from public health services and the city municipal corporation are busy implementing control measures to curb the spread of dengue, another problem is slowly brewing. The erratic drinking water supply has forced residents in some areas to catch and store drinking water that is being supplied only once in five or 10 days. These same areas seem to emerge in the dengue forecasts as red alert areas.The vector indices are high in these areas, especially the container index which indicates the number of containers in which aedes aegypti larva is detected while conducting surveillance operations.\"One of the main aspects involved in controlling the breeding of dengue vector mosquitoes is to ensure that there are no stagnant water containers in the vicinity of residential areas. If water is stored for a long period of time, it will encourage mosquitoes to lay eggs in it,\" said Dr R Damodharan, Deputy Director, Public Health Services, Coimbatore.Some areas that are occasionally featured in the dengue red alert list issued by the public health services department include Vadavalli, Ondipudur, Singanallur, Ganapathi, Rathinapuri and Ukkadam.The frequency of water distribution in Vadavalli and neighbouring areas at the moment is once in more than 20 days while it is around eight days in Singanallur and Ondipudur. Even areas in Rathinapuri and Ganapathy receive water once in three days making it inevitable for residents to rely on storing water for daily use especially in families without overhead water tanks and closed syntax tanks.\"Singanallur and Ondipudur areas are now receiving water only once in eight days. Corporation officials claim that there is some problem in the line pumping water to the area and it will take a few more days to narrow the gap in the water distribution cycle. At the moment people have no option but to rely on storing water for daily use,\" said SM Samy, municipal ward councillor ward no 61, Coimbatore Corporation.According to A Murali Kannan, an employee at a private foreign exchange firm and a resident of Bommanaickenpalayam of Vadavalli, drinking water is supplied only once in 20 days. He also claimed that though the issue has been taken up with corporation officials and ward councillors there has been no improvement in the situation. \"They sometimes claim that there are problems in power supply or with the operator that has delayed water supply,\" Murali added.S Karuppusamy, husband of ward no 16 councillor K Kumutham from Vadavalli said corporation officials have assured them they will take measures to ensure proper supply of water in Vadavalli.Health department officials say this is a critical issue, as high vector indices is the main reason for the particular locality to figure in the red alert list issued to deploy intense control measures in these areas.\"A common problem encountered while implementing mosquito control operations in red alert areas is water containers in houses kept for an extended period of time, sometimes for more than 10 days,\" said a corporation official involved in mosquito control operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16925773", "title": "Narco test report throws up zilch", "text": "BHOPAL: Nothing important came of the narco-analysis test that was conducted recently on three persons in connection with mysterious killing of Jhurjhura tigress at Bandhavgarh National Park in May 2010, sources said.The three denied any involvement in the tigress' death after they were administered the 'truth serum' at Gandhinagar Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL), said an officer of Special Task Force (STF) of MP, the agency probing the matter, on condition of anonymity.Man Singh (driver of the then range officer Lalit Pandey, Pankaj Vishvakarma (driver of the then CEO of Umeria Jila Panchayat Akshay Singh) and Dhirendra Chaturvedi (guard at the park's entry gate) were subjected to the test at Gandhinagar-based FSL on July 30. The test report landed here on Saturday, sources said.\"We are working on corroborating evidences. Teams have been dispatched to Umeria and Rewa. Investigations are on,\" said D S Sengar, additional director general of police (ADG) STF told TOI.The young tigress, mother of three cubs, was found dead in a water-hole at Jhurjhura area of Bandhavgarh on May 19 in 2010. Post-mortem revealed that it had died of internal haemorrhage while circumstantial evidence suggested a vehicle hit the big cat to death.Initial attempts by the forest department to push the tigress' death under carpet proved futile as the matter was taken up on international platform by slain RTI activist Shehla Masood through her NGO 'Uday'. Park field director C K Patil made recommendations following which the state government handed over the case to the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) and then to the STF.After a month-long investigation, the STF narrowed down the list for narco-analysis test to four persons-Man Singh, Pankaj, Dhirendra and Shrilal Yadav (the driver of ranger officer at Kallava). While three agreed to give their consent, Yadav refused on grounds of post-test hazards.The officials are now analysing the CDs of the interrogation session provided by Gandhinagar FSL for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921298", "title": "Trans-Harbour Link cost rises by 3,630cr in 7 yrs", "text": "MUMBAI: While construction on the 22-km Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link (MTHL) is yet to take off, the cost of the project has risen by over 60% in the last seven years-from Rs 6,000 crore in 2005 to Rs 9,630 crore now. The proposed six-lane freeway road bridge will start at Sewri in Mumbai, cross Thane Creek north of Elephanta Island and end at Nhava Sheva in Navi Mumbai.On Monday, metropolitan commissioner Rahul Asthana said, \"The estimated cost of the project has shot up from Rs 8,800 crore in 2010 to Rs 9,630 crore now. The increase is due to the additional scope of connecting arms on Sewri side of the MTHL. There would be no more escalations and the present cost will remain frozen.\"While arriving at the new figure of Rs 9,630, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), which is implementing the project, has accounted for a 25% escalation in the project's cost on account of inflation and interest accrued during the construction. The proposed MTHL will also be linked to the Mumbai-Pune Expressway and the Mumbai Goa highway. It is expected to be commissioned by 2017, said sources.Said Asthana, \"We need to improve connectivity on land and widen roads and bridges.Once MTHL opens, there is bound to be huge traffic on the mainland. We need to create adequate infrastructure else roads will choke.\" There are plans to construct a proper bridge over the creek between Uran and Rewas and widen the road.Sources said the NCP, which is under fire over the hike in the cost of irrigation projects, may use the MTHL hike to hit out at the Congress. CM Prithviraj Chavan heads the MMRDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16925919", "title": "Australia should integrate more with Asia: Survey", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australia should have greater integration with the Asian region to boost its global competitiveness and to take advantage of 'Asian century', says a survey.According to a survey by CPA Australia, a global accounting body with a membership of more than 1,39,000 finance, accounting and business professionals across the globe, Australia's lack of integration with Asia was affecting its ability to compete internationally.The survey contains views of more than 6,000 Australian and Asian business leaders from across the mining, education, transport industries.\"This discord should act as a wake-up call for Australia to realise that it may not be as closely integrated with Asia as it believes,\" CPA Australia CEO Alex Malley said.\"Furthermore, Australia's apparent disengagement from Asia and the lack of Asian literacy in the broader population is a distinct competitive disadvantage.\"As we await the government's much-anticipated Asian Century white paper, CPA Australia has shown that far from being ready to take advantage of the Asian Century, Australia is well behind in beginning this journey,\" Malley said in an statement.\"Geographic distance may not be a handicap, but our cultural distance is.\"There is a strong risk that without a change in mindset from Australian business, Australia will be a peripheral player in the Asian Century,\" Malley said.\"As the rules of the competitiveness game change, it's imperative we begin to take tangible steps to ensure Australia is actually a player, rather than a spectator.\"CPA Australia said it has suggested the government and the business community to act on various fronts in this regard.It included funding a review to look into the possibility of making the study of Chinese language compulsory in all Australian primary and secondary schools.Besides, it said the review could also look into appointing a dedicated cabinet minister to coordinate and oversee the consultation and implementation of the recommendations of the Asian Century white paper.It asked the Australian businesses, particularly small-to-medium enterprises (SMEs), to build workable alliances with their Asian counterparts.\"SMEs should spend significantly more time in Asia and consider business exchanges,\" it noted.Malley said: \"The role of governments must therefore focus on increasing the supply of Asian capable workers, as such workers are essential in shifting Australia to an internationally focused economy.He said \"We need to ensure we focus on mechanisms to create wealth rather than simply redistributing the wealth from the resources boom.\"Our integration with Asia is a central mechanism to ensuring productivity and long-term economic growth\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16921375", "title": "BSNL union leader falls to death at district centre", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A union leader of BSNL, Sukhvinder Pal, died under mysterious circumstances on Monday morning at the Raj Nagar District Centre (RDC). The deceased had reportedly entered into an argument with the BSNL general manager and allegedly slipped down a flight of stairs while he was going back to his cabin. The deceased's family has held the GM and opposition union leaders responsible for his death, however senior BSNL officials have claimed that he died due to injuries sustained after the fall. Police have sent the deceased's body for post mortem and are investigating the case.The Ghaziabad police have registered two FIRs on the basis of complaints from both the parties. Meanwhile, keeping the gravity of the issue in mind, police officers are keeping a close tab on the issue to avoid any law and order problem. The deceased family alleged that the GM, along with the opposition union leaders, beat him to death.Kavi Nagar police station SO, Sudhir Tyagi, said, \"We have received complaints from both the parties. We have registered an FIR against the GM and four others under Sections 302, 147, 148 and 149, while on the basis of the GM's complaint another FIR has been registered under Section 332 and other sections of IPC.\"\"The deceased's post mortem report is awaited. Only after that can we ascertain the line of further investigation in the case,\" Tyagi added.\"Around two months back, the deceased had reportedly beaten an AGM in BSNL and after the incident a probe had been initiated against him. He was angry after a chargesheet was issued against him on Saturday,\" said BSNL GM, Adesh Kumar Gupta, adding that on Monday at 10.45am the enraged deceased barged into his room on the third floor and had an argument with him.\"My staff tried to stop him entering my room, but he manhandled me in front of the other staff. He kept abusing me for 15 minutes. Later, he slipped from a flight of stairs while going back to his cabin. He was taken to a nearby hospital where he died,\" Gupta said.The deceased's son, Rohan, alleged that his father was beaten to death by the GM and four others. \"After signing off from duty on Monday, I went to my father's office. I waited for 15 minutes but there was no sign of him. Other staff told me that my father had gone to meet the GM. When I was heading towards the GM's office, I found my father with severe injuries on the right side on his face. He succumbed to his injuries in the hospital during treatment,\" Rohan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924628", "title": "BJD leaders clamour for Pyarimohan's dismissal", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The demand for Pyarimohan Mohapatra's ouster from the BJD is gaining momentum with several party leaders seeking his dismissal for questioning chief minister Naveen Patnaik's leadership.\"No political party can survive unless discipline is enforced. Pyarimohan Mohapatra and some of his associates claim they are continuing in the BJD, but are openly criticizing the party leader Naveen Patnaik . They should be expelled from the party forthwith,\" senior BJD leader and health minister Damodar Rout told TOI on Sunday.Rout, who has had bitter verbal exchanges with Pyari in the past, termed his allegations against Naveen as \"bogus\". \"His allegations that Naveen is inefficient, depends on officers and has ceased to be president of BJD since July, 2010, is bogus,\" Rout said, adding, \"Not long ago Pyari was heaping praise on Naveen, but because his activities were exposed he is now making baseless charges against the chief minister.\"The minister pointed out Pyari was suspended from the BJD for allegedly attempting an unsuccessful coup against Naveen on May 29. \"Instead of rectifying himself he is working against the party and organizing rallies. He should be thrown out of BJD in the better interest of the party and the government,\" Rout added.Other BJD leaders like Debashish Samantaray and Pravat Tripathy also demanded that Pyari should be expelled from BJD. \"One who does not correct himself and instead is engaging in acts of indiscipline by questioning the leader's position deserves to be dismissed immediately,\" Tripathy maintained.Jagneswar, who is spokesperson of the newly launched Odisha Jana Morcha (OJM), headed by Pyari, said, however, Naveen cannot dismiss Pyari from the BJD. \"Naveen does not have the powers in tune with the party constitution to suspend or dismiss anyone,\" he said, adding, \"To talk about implementation of the party constitution does not amount to indiscipline.\" Incidentally, Naveen suspended Jagneswar after he announced formation of OJM on September 30.On Friday, Pyari stepped up his attack on Naveen, claiming the latter has lost the right to be BJD president as he violated the party constitution. \"BJD has no president. He (Naveen) has ceased to be the president since July 10, 2010, when the party's constitution was amended. He has not adhered to the party constitution,\" Pyari had said.The same day, Naveen, while addressing a BJD convention in Berhampur, said some people were attempting to back stab him. \"Some people are trying to stab me in the back and murder democracy,\" Naveen had said, without naming anyone. \"For me, it is immaterial who is with me and who is not. For me, the four crore people of Odisha are important. I want to work for them,\" the chief minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920877", "title": "Nothing suspicious about investments and growth of Purti: MD", "text": "NAGPUR: Purti Power and Sugar Limited, which identifies itself as a social enterprise, has denied all charges of irregularities: from the appointment of persons known to Nitin Gadkari as directors of investor companies to loans from the IRB Group which got an important construction contract during the BJP chief's tenure as Maharashtra's PWD minister.\"Gadkari never recommended any of his assistants to be appointed as directors of any of the investor companies. It was through their own acquaintances and independent rapport that they might have been appointed. It is wrong to say that these investor companies have been taken over by persons close to Gadkari,\" Sudhir Dive, managing director of Purti Power and Sugar Ltd, said.Dive, a long-time associate of Gadkari who also served as his personal secretary, was responding to detailed email queries from TOI.The latest shareholding pattern of Purti, as provided by the company, shows that the Gadkari family has negligible direct ownership in the company. While Gadkari owns 310 shares, his elder son Nikhil owns 5,000 shares. It collectively amounts to just 0.01% stake in Purti.Although a founder-promoter and a shareholder, Gadkari does not hold any post in Purti of which he was earlier the chairman.Ideal Road Builders Pvt Ltd, which was awarded the contract for Mumbai-Pune Expressway, is one of the investors in Purti and has a 4.07% stake in the company. However, Dive maintained that there was no conflict of interest in Gadkari's relationship with IRB promoters.\"D P Mhaiskar and his company acquired shares in Purti in the year 2003. Tenders awarded to IRB were done by the central government and not PWD ministry. Even the toll contracts were given to IRB in subsequent years by Congress and NCP government,\" Dive said.He added that Purti was incorporated in the year 2000 and while raising funds for it, people who had faith in Gadkari and knew him contributed towards its equity. \"Mhaiskar and his company have also invested in our company along with other shareholders, which include farmers, individuals, other companies and service class people,\" Dive said.The Purti MD added that the capital required for Purti \"was first raised from farmers and other persons in the region\". \"Since the project was big, the entire requirement could not be completed. Thus, capital was raised from investment companies and non-banking financial companies. Some of the persons associated with these companies and members/directors of these companies were known to Gadkari,\" he said.TOI found that some of the addresses of Purti's investor firms (in Mumbai and Kolkata) were incorrect, but Dive said not much should be read into it. \"We are informed that all these companies are regular in complying with all the rules and regulations. We understand that there is some confusion about locating the addresses of some of the companies but that should not mean something is fake and fishy. However, the situation can be best explained by the concerned companies only,\" he said.Gadkari did not respond to TOI's query if the BJP believed that it was all right for contractors/firms that have benefited when a politician is in power to invest in his firms. But Dive said Gadkari \"upholds the highest level of ethical values in public life\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16921418", "title": "RTI misused to fleece builders?", "text": "THANE: Municipal commissioner RA Rajeev's decision to suspend an executive engineer in the town planning department last week has exposed the nexus between officials and \"professional complainants'' who misuse the RTI law for extortion and harassment.The alleged \"criminal conduit'' between executive engineer Ajit Karnik and a local RTI activist Mukesh Kanakia was exposed after the technocrat reportedly asked a Naupada-based doctor to pay Rs 2.75 lakh to Kanakia to get him to withdraw his complaint about a nursing home being set up in a residential flat here.\"It is a case of collusion. As an executive engineer Karnik is tasked with the key role of scrutinizing building plans, verifying legal papers and recommending sanctions for construction projects. He choose to be a go-between Kanakia and the doctor for which he would get his share of the money,He has betrayed the trust by stooping to such low levels of mediating in corrupt practices,'' a bureaucrat said.The episode, however, has opened a Pandora's Box of the goings-on in the town planning department here which has been accused of being the hotbed of corruption in the Thane corporation.Observers here said such \"profit-motivated activism'' misusing the RTI law has become a reality backed with the active support and involvement of civic officials here.\"There are habitual complainants here who file Right To Information applications seeking specific details about a building plan or the modified building plans.\"Without the involvement of a department insider it is difficult for people to point out loopholes.\"The architect or a builder is informed by the town planning staff about the RTI concerning his project and ask him to silence the complainant by paying him to withdraw his complaint. It is a major racket here,'' an official said on condition of anonymity.Explaining the modus operandi of so-called RTI activist, an official said most of the complaints in the town planning department are related to projects which are underway either without a commencement certificate (CC) or without waiting for a plinth certificate (PC).\"These are procedural irregularities and it involves a fine. But only those who are familiar with town plans know these irregularities. A significant number of buildings in Thane do not have an occupation certificate (OC) and RTI queries are made in specific cases seeking a status report about the OCs and the intention here is to make the builders pay,'' the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16922956", "title": "Dengue patients hit by platelet quality", "text": "HYDERABAD: Reports of dengue cases continue to pour in from Old City even as the government is trying hard to play down the outbreak of the disease. Adding to the woes of patients is the declining quality of the platelet units supplied by blood banks that is crucial in treatment of severe cases.The district administration along with the GHMC had identified five areas in the South Zone as being high risk. They include Kishanbagh, Uppugudda, Azampura, Hafeez Baba Nagar and Shastripuram and were designated such based on mosquito menace and the number of cases reported. According to estimates from the GHMC entomology wing, around 206 cases have so far been reported in the municipality limits of which about 80 cases are from Old City alone.District Medical and Health Officer Dr Ananta Reddy said that the situation this week has improved. But medical practitioners from Old City say that the figure given by the government belies the ground reality and the number of cases reported in South Zone itself would exceed the number from the entire district. Around 25 patients are currently receiving treatment in Princess Dureshevar Hospital while the 500-bed Princess Asra Hospital is treating around 30 cases, say doctors treating patients at these hospitals.\"The Asra and Dureshevar hospitals between them receive around 10 cases everyday. The emergency wards in many paediatric private hospitals in other parts of the city are also brimming with dengue patients. Also many of the infected are treated as outpatients by government hospitals. The number ought to be far higher,\" said a physician from Dureshevar hospital. Also alarming is the platelet scarcity. One of the major symptoms of dengue is the rapid decrease in platelet count which can result in profuse bleeding that can also turn fatal. If the drop is significant, platelet transfusion is crucial to facilitate blood clots. Doctors say that by pandering to panic, many hospitals are prescribing platelet transfusions where it is least needed, thereby creating a scarcity.What is more worrisome than the scarcity is the suspected dilution of platelets units. A medical expert who practices at multiple health care facilities in the city said on the condition of anonymity, \"Usually one unit of platelet increases the blood count by five thousand. In many cases it has come to our notice that the count increases only by thousand. This points to dilution of platelet concentration which may be done due to scarcity or high demand during the fever season. So we have to administer five units where one unit should have sufficed.\" Each unit of Platelet Rich Plasma (PRP), that is plain platelet, costs Rs 1,200. The normal platelet count in the body ranges between 1 - 4.5 lakh. To avoid taking any chances with PRP, some doctors are prescribing Single Donor Platelet (SDP) which can increase platelet count by fifty thousand. However, the SDP comes at a premium of Rs 12,000 per unit.Director of Institute of Preventive Medicine, Dr Suchitra Murthy maintained that the scarcity was artificial. \"Even if the platelet count is at 40,000, the body can still produce enough platelets to recuperate. Only if it goes below this number, transfusion is required. The scarcity is created by some hospitals. There is no scarcity at IPM or in government blood banks,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16920732", "title": "Fever kills one more in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: One dengue death was reported from a private hospital here on Monday taking the toll to six for this year. However, the health department has confirmed only one death so far. The death was reported from Park Hospital, where 26-year-old Lalit had been admitted since October 18. Confirming this, Dr V S Bhalla, medical superintendent of the hospital, said: \"The patient died of multiple-organ failure. We are in the process of notifying the health department.\" The victim was a resident of Samaspur village.Bhalla added that four-five dengue cases are being reported at the hospital on a daily basis. There is no slowdown in viral fever cases. On an average, the Civil Hospital has been referring two viral fever patients to Delhi every day. Moreover, 12-15 patients are getting admitted to the Civil Hospital having dengue-like symptoms.Principal medical officer (PMO) Dr Asaruddin said, \"Between October 10 and 22, 22 patients were referred to Delhi.\" Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) on Monday evening decided to start fining the residents on whose premises mosquito breeding is found. \"We have just received information from the state health department that we can collect a fine of Rs 300,\" said Dr V K Thapar, chief medical officer, MCG. A deputy director-level officer visited Gurgaon on Monday and held a meeting with the health officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16924774", "title": "Durga Puja: Musical nights enthrall revellers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Keeping up with their practice to hosting special entertainment programmes during Durga Puja, organizing committees in the city are presenting an array of shows. These include both traditional and modern music.Big puja mandap such as Sahid Nagar, Nayapalli, Rasulgarh, Jharpada, Laxmisagar, Ravi Talkies, Satya Nagar and Old Town have started bhajan samaroahs from Saptami. \"We wanted to do something different from the orchestra programmes that had somewhat become a norm during Durga puja for last two decades. Earlier we had invited veteran artistes like Anup Jalota and Anuradha Paudwal. This year Manmath Mishra and his troupe will be performing,\" said Jagannath Mahapatra, president of Saheed Nagar Puja Committee.The Jharpada Puja Committee have included a programme on Odia songs, 'Geet Asar', in their itinerary of musical programmes. \"We are staging this show on the demand of locals. We are spending Rs 1.5 lakh on the cultural programmes with Rs 35,000 on Odia music show alone. We also have a programme on modern dance that will be presented by the local RNR celebrations group\", said Sikhara Chandra Jena, president of the committee.In a departure from modern shows, the Bhouma Nagar Puja Committee is organizing only classical music and bhajans shows for four days. It has also invited Ghoda Nacha troupe from Nayagarh. \"We presented 'Chaiti Ghoda Nacha' on Saptami,\" said Suru Sethi.At Satya Nagar, music lovers thronged the Abhijeet show in large numbers. The famous Bengali music director and singer rocked the stage on Asthami. \"Abhijit's show was a huge crowd-puller besides the Dandiya programme,\" said Bishnu Sharma, president. On the same day, 'Sur Khetra' and 'Sur Jhankar' music groups set the festive mood at the Rasulgarh puja pandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "16922842", "title": "Nitish's development claim a hoax: Taslimuddin", "text": "KISHANGANJ: The voice of dissent against chief minister Nitish Kumar is getting louder within his own party. Former Union minister and senior JD-U leader Taslimuddin put a question mark on Nitish's claims of having brought a turnaround in Bihar and said the development was nothing but big a 'hoax'.Taslimuddin said the Nitish-led government was deeply mired in corruption and red-tapism. Taking a jibe at the honorific of 'Vikash Purush' foisted on Nitish by his small coterie of sycophants and others, Taslimuddin told TOI on Monday that the state still lacked the basic infrastructure and people were still groaning under poverty.Taslimuddin said Nitish's antipathy for Gujarat CM Narendra Modi was only skin-deep and there was no difference between the two as such. \"The minorities are still at the receiving end in Bihar and Muslims are wary of him because of his ties with BJP,\" he maintained.Making a pointed reference to his Adhikar Yatra to Kishanganj recently, Taslimuddin accused the CM of hobnobbing with the sand mafia which became clear when he preferred to stay at a tainted person's house at Kishanganj.The former minister said when he joined JD-U, he was assured of a fair deal to the 'Seemanchal' comprising three districts of Purnia, Araria and Kishanganj, but Nitish has gone back on his promises on this front also.Taslimuddin accused Nitish of making false promises to the people. In this context, he pointed out how the state government was sitting idle in respect of Mahananda basin for which centre has already allocated Rs 750 crores.\"I have no personal axe to grind, but I would be the last person to tolerate betrayal of the poor people,\" said the four times Lok Sabha member from Kishanganj who had lost the last general elections to Congress nominee Mohammad Asrarul Haque.\"I had left Lalu Prasad's party for the same reason,\" he said. Asked if he was planning to return to the RJD, he said, \"I will take a decision at an appropriate time. I may also contest next Lok Sabha poll as an independent from Araria.\"Attacking the BJP, he said, \"Deputy chief minister and senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi has been approving the bad decisions of Nitish.\"Taslimuddin is the third leader to revolt against Nitish. Earlier, BJP MP from Purnia, Uday Singh, and JD-U MLA Chhedi Paswan spoke against the state government.The elderly leader, who had served as Union minister of state for home in the H D Deve Gowda ministry and as MOS in food ministry in UPA-I, had switched to JD-U from RJD in May 2010. His son Sarfaraz Alam is JD-U MLA from Jokihat in Araria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16925199", "title": "Human skeleton recovered from sack", "text": "BOKARO: Police recovered a human skeleton kept inside a sack lying near boundary wall of Bokaro Ispat Vidyalaya Sector-1/B under city police station here on Monday.Earlier on Sunday police have recovered two unidentified dead bodies in different parts of the district.Residents came to know about the skeleton after a rag picker opened a sack and raised alarm. Later people informed police who come to the spot and took away the Skeleton. City police station OC Ramod Kumar Singh said they recovered bones and a head from the spot.\"We will investigate how this human skeleton came here. Who has brought it here and with what purpose? A case has been lodged in this connection with the police station,\" he said. The spot where the skeleton has been recovered is situated in the mid of the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16924880", "title": "Allahabad celebrates 'Sangam' of festivals, devotion", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city is engulfed by the excitement of Dussehra and Durga Puja celebrations. On one hand, one can see various colorful tableaux being taken out while on the other, people are also seeing Ramleela being staged by various Ramleela committees of the city. Various Durga puja pandals are also being set up attracting large crowds. The atmosphere in the city is charged with devotion.Hanuman Dal procession under the auspices of Daraganj Ramleela Committee was taken out with much fanfare with camels, horses, elephants, musical bands, large flags and banners, et al. The most attractive scene was of Lord Ram and Laxman in the procession seated on the silver throne atop an elephant.Various colourful tableaux were taken out amidst the public cheering and hailing the show. Scenes related to 'Ahilaya Uddhar' and 'Shiv Tapasya' enthralled the spectators.In addition, public thronged to see Ramleela staged in different parts of the city. The Ramleela Committees are staging various episodes of Ramayana attracting eager crowds. At the Pajawa Ramleela Committee, the scene of 'Bali Vadh' was staged, after which Lord Ram perform the ' Rajyaabhishek of Sugreev. Later, Hanuman proceeds to find Sita, crossing the sea to reach Lanka. Ravan's servants catch Hanuman and try to put his tail on fire, but Hanuman flies around burning the city of gold, Lanka.At the Patharchatti Ramleela Committee, the scene of 'Sita Haran' was displayed. The event was showcased with the help of special lights and special effects leaving the audience overwhelmed.Meanwhile, public made beeline for various Durga puja pandals set up in various parts of the city and paid obeisance to Goddess Durga. Special puja is being organised in the Dura Puja pandals of Bai Ka Bagh, Colonelganj, Darbhanga Colony, George Town, Kareli, Netanagar, South Malaka, Lukerganj, Khuldabad, Allahpur and other areas.The Durga Puja Pandal of Darbhanga Colony deserves special mention as it has been shaped to look like Swami Vivekananda Rock Memorial in Kanyakumari. The unique characteristic of this pandal is it is located on a raised platform of about 25 to 30 foot from the ground on a framework of bamboos. The interior of the pandal is decorated exquisitely. People are flocking to see the Ashok Nagar Durga Puja pandal which is showcasing the life of a typical West Bengal village. Various cultural programmes are also being organised in these pandals The temples of Goddess Kalyani Devi, Lalita Devi, Alopi Devi and others are filled with devotees visiting to the deity and seeking their blessings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mandi", "code": "16921266", "title": "Sonia reiterates Gandhis' 'tryst' with Himachal hills", "text": "MANDI: On Monday, the picturesque Himachal hills renewed their tryst with the Gandhi family.In an attempt to uproot the ruling BJP from Himachal Pradesh, Congress president Sonia Gandhi struck an emotional chord with the supporters in the hilly state known most for its tourist attraction.While addressing a rally at the Paddal ground in Mandi, reminded on the deceased members of her family harboured \"limitless affection for the state and its culture.\"\"Nehruji, my mother-in-law Indiraji and my husband Rajivji were all fond of Himachal Pradesh. They would come here and stay here for long days because they loved your hills. It's for them that I seek votes,\" Sonia told them.Minutes before, she was greeted with a Himachali shawl -- a locally woven art work of the state that is usually in high demand across the country -- by state Congress president Virbhadra Singh.Wearing the fabric around her neck during her 20-minute address, she made an emotional connect with the youth and women of the state. \"I will come to this beautiful quiet state again in the next few days,\" she was heard promising the gathered crowd as she moved around the ground.Women, among them, cheered on looking at her with their impromptu slogans as they referred to the bustling local Indira market and the Gandhi chowk -- both located across the few yards away.The Congress president had earlier talked at length about the lack of women empowerment in the state.\"Where has the Central assistance gone? We still see women facing problems here. Look, what Centre did to empower the females. We brought the 50% reservation system for women in the panchayat raj. We raised the salary for women working in anganwadis by 2%\" she said.The Congress leader -- whose party's three choppers that brought her, Anand Sharma and Virbhadra Singh raised a big dust storm at the ground -- also took a swipe at the crumbling and pot-holed roads of the state which she said were the only lifeline for people in absence of a decent railway system.\"The Centre gave the BJP government in Himachal Pradesh a sum of Rs 10,000 crore. No body knows what happened to them. It neither translated into education nor any other infrastructure on health or industry,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16920312", "title": "2 held with drugs at IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men were arrested by the Narcotics Control Bureau at IGI airport on Monday morning after they were found to be in possession of 60kg of pseudoephedrine tablets. One of the accused is the son of a deceased Manipur police staffer, hinting at a possible connection with an arrest on October 6 where three passengers, including a constable of Manipur police, were caught at the airport carrying the same drug.\"Around 9am on Monday, two passengers who were carrying huge bags came to gate no 3 of terminal 1D. They were identified as Md Akhtar Hussain and Amir Khan . The two were to fly to Guwahati on GoAir flight G2-606 at 10.55 am. The two looked extremely nervous and based on profiling, they were stopped at the gate itself and their bags were checked,\" said Hemendra Singh, PRO, CISF.During checking, the CISF staff recovered a large number of tablets that were later confirmed to be pseudoephedrine, a non-prescription anti-congestant which leads to hyperactivity if taken in large quantity. Hussain is 21-year-old and a resident of Pmojing in Manipur's Thoubal district. Khan's father, now deceased, worked in the Manipur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16925257", "title": "Mafia chief 'wanted to kill Frank Sinatra'", "text": "One mobster hated Frank Sinatra so much that he wanted to kill the singer, according to secret tapes put forward as evidence at the trial of an alleged mafia \"boss.\"The trial of Joseph \"Uncle Joe\" Ligambi, reputed head of the Philadelphia mob, began last Thursday after he was arrested on gambling and extortion charges in 2011.Prosecutors claim that Ligambi provided video poker machines and other illegal gambling devices to bars, restaurants and shops in Philadelphia.The prosecution wants to use tapes recorded by a mobster-turned-FBI informant to paint a picture of the violent past of the mob.However defense attorney Christopher Warren, who is representing Ligambi and another alleged gangster Joseph \"Scoops\" Licata, described the tapes to jurors as just a \"bunch geriatric gangsters talking,\" according to philly.com.He said that the recordings were not relevant to his clients' trial.The tapes were made by mobster Nicholas 'Nicky Skins' Stefanelli who became an informant for the FBI and recorded dozens of conversations by wearing a wire.One conversation took place between 69-year-old Stefanelli and Licata at the American Bistro in New Jersey last April. Louis Fazzini, 45, and Nicholas Mitarotunda, 74, were also allegedly at the meal.The men talk about a mafia consigliere (advisor) called Antonio \"Tony Bananas\" Caponigro who was told by Sinatra to \"stop talking\" during a performance.The mobster was so enraged, he was said to have \"hated\" the singer and threatened to kill him.The gangsters then begin to discuss their other favorite singers - with Bobby Darin , Tom Jones and Elvis Presley topping the list.One suggests that Presley did a better version of 'My Way' than Sinatra.The discussion around the dinner table then turns to fashion, in particular custom-made shirts, along with how you get a better sleep in prison because no one can call you in the middle of the night.They also complained that prison sentences were getting longer because, in the past: \"Every cop was on the take. Nobody to pinch you. Do anything you want.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16921320", "title": "Auto commuters get fleeced late at night", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers are apprently fleeced outrageously at night when unscrupulous auto drivers do not think twice before charging 50% to 60% more than the already increased night fare.\"Drivers fleece us during the day, but the amount demanded late in the night are astronomical,\" said a passenger, adding that for a trip, which would cost him not more than Rs 150 during the day, he was asked for Rs 340 past midnight. \"I suspected foul play and argued with the driver. Soon other drivers gathered and tried to intimidate me. When I showed them the charge on a genuine card I had with me, he refused to acknowledge it.\"Another passenger, Kunal Das, also complained that he had fights with drivers over \"nigth charges\" almost every night. \"I suspect most of them carry fake cards,\" he claimed. Another commuter Shilpa Thakker said the fleecing was so rampant at night as there was no vigilance at that time. \"The RTO and the traffic police usually conduct checks during day.Besides, when drivers threaten passengers, especially women, at night, we feel helpless,\" she said. Activist Aftab Siddique said most drivers on night duty don't wear proper uniforms, allow a friend or acquaintance to sit besides him while on duty (this is not permissible as drivers have to travel alone), take four passengers illegally and there have been cases of crimes like robbery and molestation in the past in which few drivers were involved.Commuters demand that there should be at least one traffic cop posted outside stations late at night.Activist Sunil Mone said, \"If the traffic police check drivers for official badges and permits, I am sure the illegal operators will be caught.\" A senior Andheri RTO official assured commuters that the department had started a round-the-clock drive. \"After receiving complaints from passengers, we have decided that our squads will work over the night,\" he said.Auto union leader Sharad Rao, however, shrugged off his responsibility by saying errant drivers did not belong to his union. \"The unauthorized drivers thrive in connivance with officials and cops. We again request the state to crack down on 40,000 illegal autos here,\" he said. Most of these illegal autos ply in the night when the fleecing is rampant, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920772", "title": "Former Railways Ranji star Raja Ali dies at 36", "text": "NAGPUR: When ex-India cricketer Jai Prakash Yadav left his former Railways teammate Raja Ali at 10 pm after a function on Sunday night, he would not have thought that it would be their last meeting.Ali, a former Railways and Madhya Pradesh cricketer, died of cardiac arrest in his home town Bhopal around 11.45 pm.\"It was ironic that he passed away on the death anniversary of our mentor Dr Shafqat Ali Khan. He was complaining of chest pain to me for the last couple of days and I was insisting he see a cardiologist. In fact, we were supposed to go to a doctor today (Monday). I got the news around 1 am. Had somebody helped him out, he would have been alive. It's a personal loss to me. We shared a room for nearly 20 years,\" a shattered JP told TOI on Monday.According to JP, Ali, 36, stopped his bike after realizing he had a cardiac arrest. However, none of the passers-by helped him. Patrolling cops found that him lying unconscious on the road and rushed him to a hospital. But it was too late by then.Exactly 16 years ago (October 22, 1996), Ali made his first class debut for Madhya Pradesh against Railways at the Karnail Singh Stadium. He later joined Railways and was part of their Ranji Trophy winning squads in 2002 and 2004-05.He was one of the players instrumental in Railways' rise in the early 2000. He also played a crucial part in taking Railways back into the Elite group after they got relegated in 2005-06. He played his last first-class match in 2008.His former teammates are in shock. Central Zone coach Abhay Sharma, who was Ali's captain at Railways, said it was a great loss to the cricketing fraternity.Abhay, who is in Chennai for the Duleep Trophy final, said, \"We wore black armbands today. We were in constant touch. The team man that he was, he would have been a great coach,\" Sharma said.Former India and Railways allrounder Sanjay Bangar was at loss of words. \"He always loved challenges and thrived on it. He never shied away from any responsibility. Off the field, he was fun to be with. With his carefree attitude, he was loveable person. He was true team man,\" he said.Central Zone captain Mohammed Kaif . \"He was a great bat at No. 6 or 7. The way he used to finish the match was commendable. He never had any ego and was always willing to do anything for the team. My heart goes with his family. We had a great time during Deodhar Trophy. As an opponent, he was always a dangerous batsman,\" Kaif said.Ali made his debut for Madhya Pradesh when the team had great success under Sandeep Patil and Chandrakant Pandit. His former MP teammate Narendra Hirwani called him crisis man.\"I used to call him Sankat Mochan. I still wonder how he would kept his cool under pressure situation. It's a great loss to the cricketing fraternity,\" Hirwani said.First Class CareerMatches: 87; Innings: 130; Runs: 4337; Highest: 148; Average: 38.38", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16921371", "title": "Victory 'partial', India Against Corruption not satisfied", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming DERC's power tariff adjustments \"nominal\" and \"cosmetic\", Arvind Kejriwal-led India Against Corruption on Monday announced a door-to-door campaign for a complete rollback from November. Although it described the tariff announcement as a \"partial victory of the people's agitation\", IAC promised to keep up the pressure on the government.The main opposition party, BJP, too, will hit the roads to intensify its agitation against the government on the issues of power tariff, inflation and corruption.\"People of Delhi have been fighting against the tariff hike. This tariff adjustment is a partial victory for them. The struggle will go on as part of the Bijli Satyagraha till the tariff is rolled back to the old rates,\" Kejriwal said.\"The tariff adjustment shows the government seems to have given in to the pressure of the people. But at the same time, it seems to be under more pressure from the discoms as the tariff adjustment is best described as nominal and cosmetic,\" Kejriwal said, adding members of the ward committees being constituted by the IAC will go door-to-door to inform people about tariff related issues.IAC member Manish Sisodia said the DERC order was just a pacifier. \"We want chief minister Sheila Dikshit to order a CAG audit into the power issue. Till the state seeks an audit, CAG cannot take up the matter.\"Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta said the adjustment in tariff is hardly a relief. \"We have been protesting against the tariff hike and will now intensify the agitation. On Dussehra, we will burn effigies of power bills, inflation and corruption under the Congress-led governments at the Centre and the state. Our protests on power will continue till November 30.\"Former union minister Vijay Goel alleged the CM was using DERC to mislead the people of Delhi. \"The tariff adjustment is an eyewash and offers little relief to consumers across the board. The BJP has decided to step up protests, and RWAs and the people of Delhi will join hands to demand a rollback,\" Goel added.Distancing herself from the tariff adjustment order, the chief minister said the tariff was decided by the DERC and not Delhi government. \"It is always DERC which sets the tariff. Anyone can go to DERC and give their views. Even India Against Corruption could have gone to DERC,\" said Dikshit, reacting sharply to allegations by BJP and IAC that the state government was the key player in tariff fixation.Refusing to comment on the contents of the order, she said, \"We are still to see the order and will react only after thoroughly examining it. Let us see what DERC has said. The government will take action accordingly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16920999", "title": "100 volunteers, NGOs to help Nagpur Municipal Corporation check dengue", "text": "NAGPUR: Dengue has emerged as a big epidemic in the last couple of months. Health experts believe better sensitization of the people can result in better prevention. With this end in mind, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to engage services of 100 volunteers and some non-governmental organizations (NGO) working in the health sector. They are expected to start helping the civic officials from next week.The civic body has also increased its efforts to check breeding of mosquitoes in areas from where most suspected dengue have been reported. This month alone, 87 suspected dengue samples have been sent to Pune's National Institute of Virology (NIV). The reports of these are still awaited.Last month, 13 people tested positive out of the 34 samples sent. Through the year, a total of 135 samples have been sent, 121 of which have been sent in September and October alone.\"Last week itself, we got 10,000 litres of mosquito larvicide oil that we have started spraying in all ten zones of the city. The efforts are more focused in North Nagpur, that is, Ashi Nagar zone, where more cases of the disease have come to the fore,\" said Dr Ashok Urkude, Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) medical officer for vector-borne diseases. He added that the state government had allotted 100 volunteers to the civic body to help them raise public awareness about the disease.Collector Saurabh Rao and wife Priyanaka had also fallen prey to the disease in the beginning of the month. He had told TOI last week after rejoining work that fogging and identification of mosquito breeding sites had begun in the city as well as the rural areas of the district.NMC has started visiting the houses in affected neighbourhoods, telling people the prevention measures they need to take. Dr Urkude said since dengue was caused chiefly by mosquito bites sustained during the day, schools and workplaces were also being visited. \"Along with raising awareness, we are also inspecting the homes and offices to look out for the potential breeding spots and do away with them,\" he said. However, people had to play the most important part by following the preventive measures, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16922015", "title": "10 years on, Britain embraces Modi, the \u2018untouchable\u2019", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The United Kingdom ended its decade-long boycott of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Monday with its high commissioner in India James Bevan meeting Modi for the first time after the 2002 communal riots. The two discussed opportunities for economic cooperation and ensuring justice for the three British nationals killed during the riots.\"The engagement was always there. We now look forward to increased ties,\" said Bevan in Ahmedabad after the meeting. \"As we improve ties with India, we cannot ignore Gujarat.\"In Sadbhavana mode Modi made a minority-friendly gesture by presenting two paintings on cloth to Bevan with the Tree of Life motif. The paintings were made in the traditional Rogan art form by Muslim families in Kutch.The British government had had dissociated itself from the Gujarat government after the post-Godhra riots to protest alleged lack of religious freedom for minorities. But with Modi's growing importance in national politics, attempts are being made to mend fences. The British high commissioner also met Gujarat governor Dr Kamla, state Congress chief Arjun Modhwadia and human rights activists during his eight-hour visit.After his 50-minute meeting with Modi, Bevan insisted that UK's engagement should not been as any endorsement of a particular person. The high commissioner also raised the issue of justice to families of three British nationals killed in the riots. Six people are being tried for killing the three - all Muslims of Indian origin - on February 28, 2002 near Prantij in Sabarkantha.\"We hope for a speedy trial. Judicial trials of 2002 riot cases have seen convictions including a former member of Gujarat government,\" he said referring to life sentence to former minister Maya Kodnani.Modi also welcomed the decision of British Prime Minister David Cameron to strengthen and develop relations with Gujarat. Keeping in mind the large Gujarati community in the UK, Modi urged Bevan to start an office of deputy British High Commission in Gujarat.The UK India Business Council has already agreed to partner the Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors' Summit in January next year. Modi said there were great opportunities for British companies, particularly in projects like Gujarat International Finance Tec-city (GIFT) and port development.Bevan also insisted there was no symbolic message in his visit just ahead of the assembly polls. \"I don't think a British high commissioner spending time in Ahmedabad is going to affect elections,\" he said.He however remained non-committal on Modi becoming eligible for a UK visa. \"He hasn't applied for a visa as of now. We will consider it as and when it happens. We take every application on a case to case basis,\" the high commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16921101", "title": "Coming together to eat, pray and love", "text": "PUNE: It is a known fact that Bengalis eagerly look forward to the four-day-long Durga Puja. But, now, what is more surprising is the rise in the number of non-Bengalis at any puja pandal. The celebrations that begin with Mahashashti (the sixth day of Navaratra) and culminate into Dashami (Dasara), is celebrated by all with equal fervour.Of course, the puja itself forms a very integral part of the festivities, but another important thing that brings together the varied crowd is the authentic Bengali cuisine available at most pandals. Bengalis are known to be fond of food and no celebration is complete without mouth-watering delicacies.Says Anurag Chaudhari, who has been a regular at puja pandals in Pune since the last four years, \"It was in Kolkata that I was introduced to the wonderful madness of Durga Puja. The aarti, the dhak (traditional drums), the khichudi bhog (a prasad made of rice and lentils), and of course, the non-stop pandal-hopping and partaking of traditional Bengali fare... I fell in love with the entire experience. Though Pune is not the same as Kolkata, the celebrations here are nonetheless on a large scale. I don't think I have as yet managed to visit all the pandals in my four years of stay here.\"Chaudhari's wife, Snigdha, is new to the entire experience. Says she, \"It was my first puja this year. I was amazed by the enthusiasm that the old and young alike have for the festivities. But, perhaps, what most surprised me was the bhog. It was humbling to see people sit down together for food irrespective of class or caste bias. Everyone was served with equal affection by the organisers.\"The traditional bhog is not the only thing draws non-Bengalis to the pandals. Authentic Bengali cuisine is ranked high on many a foodie's list. City restaurants that specialise in Bengali cuisine do brisk business during the four days as they set up food stall on the pandal premises. serving mouth-watering delicacies that sell like hot cakes, or shall we say, hot rosogollas?Chandran Krishnamurthy, a self-confessed 'sweetaholic', says, \"Back in college I had a Bengali roommate. He would always get homemade sweets and all of us in the hostel would polish it all off. I love all kinds of Bengali sweets, and puja is the time I indulge my sweet tooth. During all the four days, once my office is done, I head to my favourite pandal serving traditional Bengali sweets and simply let myself go. From rosogollas, to chamcham, to kheer chop, to jalebis made of cottage cheese, and sandesh, it is never enough.\"\"The puja is any day the most important function, but it is heartwarming to see the celebration of food. People coming together, praying together and eating together. It is indeed a beautiful feeling,\" he adds.There are many like Krishnamurthy who swear by Bengali sweets and think that all Bengalis can think of are sweets. But tell that to a true-blue Bengali and he will rattle off a whole list of spicy and delectable delicacies before you can even finish off that chamcham.Ankita Desai talks about her love for traditional Bengali fare. \"During puja most pandals have stalls selling traditional stuff like, mochar chop (cutlets made of banana flowers), the typical Kolkata biryani, different kinds of mutton, chicken and of course fish items. It is actually difficult to do justice to all the dishes available. Four days are just not enough,\" she says.\"I may not be a Bengali but puja for me is literally carnival time. I go pandal-hopping with friends, learn about a culture that is different from mine and am welcomed with open arms evevrywhere. Food, of course, forms an integral part of the celebrations. Wonderful friends, humbling moments, a beautiful and all-powerful deity, festive atmosphere and good food - isn't this what a perfect celebration should be?\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16920565", "title": "Obama ahead in 2012 election newspaper endorsements", "text": "WASHINGTON: For what it is worth, with just two weeks to go for elections, President Obama is marginally ahead of his Republican rival Mitt Romney in newspaper endorsements for the top job, a decades-long American media exercise of dubious value.Some 35 American newspapers and journals have endorsed Obama and 32 have come out in favor of Obama in a ritual that research has shown has little bearing on the election outcome, but media pundits say is aimed at stimulating conversation and debate.Houston Chronicle, Fort Worth Star-Telegram, and Orlando Sentinel are among the newspapers that have switched to Mitt Romney after having endorsed Obama in 2008, but the President still has the greater support from the media, including in key swing states, than his rival. Among newspapers that endorsed John McCain in 2008, Winston-Salem Journal and San Antonio Express-News have backed Obama this time.USA Today and Wall Street Journal are among the few large newspapers that do not endorse any candidate, but almost all other publications, including the New York Times and Los Angeles Times (which has backed Obama this time), endorses not just the Presidential race candidate but also other local contenders for elected office.Media mavens have lately reflected much on this practice and concluded that endorsement may not carry the weight they perhaps once did given the boom in social media, partisan blogospheres, the instant news-cycle and declining print publications in the U.S.Still, newspapers are reluctant to give up the exercise. In fact, one newspaper, the South Bend Tribune of Indiana, published an editorial last week explaining why it chooses to continue endorsements.The Tribune's Editorial Board, the paper maintained, \"continues to believe that the endorsement process is an important part of our duty. Editorial Board members not only have followed the issues closely, but have an advantage many voters do not enjoy: interviewing the candidates.\"\"We are not endorsing in every race voters will see on their ballots. If we weren't able to meet personally with candidates or to closely follow pertinent issues, or aren't in a position to know any more about a race than voters can learn themselves, we will not weigh in,\" it said.Occasionally, an unexpected or unusual endorsement or a switch in support can cause a minor stir. This election for instance, the Salt Lake Tribune from Romney's home state of Utah caused a kerfuffle by backing Obama. After lavishing praise on Romney's service to the state, the paper, in an editorial headlined \"Too Many Mitts,\" said his frequently shifting positions and lack of detail about policies during his presidential bid make him \"worthy of mistrust.\"\"Therefore, our endorsement must go to the incumbent, a competent leader who, against tough odds, has guided the country through catastrophe and set a course that, while rocky, is pointing toward a brighter day. The president has earned a second term. Romney, in whatever guise, does not deserve a first,\" it said.Not that it matters very much in the state. Obama and the Democrats have written off Utah, which is firmly in the Republican Romney's pocket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16924849", "title": "Congress gives memo on poor civic conditions", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A delegation of Congress workers on Monday met additional municipal commissioner and handed over a memorandum demanding improvement in the poor civic conditions prevailing in the city.Congress leader Mukund Tiwari blamed the officials for pathetic civic conditions in the city. Heaps of garbage is lying piled up at different spots while drains are lying choked for the past several months. It has become difficult for public to move on the route with filth and garbage, he said. He said the civic officials have not carried out fogging in the city as a result several localities have become a breeding ground for mosquitoes.Congress workers said the festive season has started yet no cleaning drive is being undertaken in the city. They warned of protest at the office of municipal commissioner if civic authorities fail to clean the city. Meanwhile, additional municipal commissioner assured to look into the matter.Competition: A one-day inter-college competition on creative advertising \"ADVERTER\" was organised at Shambhunath Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology. The programme was organised by the department of business administration, Shambhunath Institute of Management. It focused on the need for creativity in advertising.The students exhibited their talent and inclination for creative ideas in the field of advertising. Eighteen teams from different management colleges from the state participated in the competition. The programme was judged by RS Singh, associate professor, AU department of business administration, Anand Ji Agarwal, AGM, NTPC Ltd., Allahabad and Nagendra Yadav, HoD, department of business administration, UPRTOU.Ban sought on Zakir Naik: The general secretary of All India Jamaat Raza-e-Mustafa Committee Shahid Ali Siddiqui has urged chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to ban the entry of religious scholar Zakir Naik in UP. Naik is scheduled to address a religious gathering at Azamgarh on November 17. He said the permission granted to Naik be immediately withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16925418", "title": "Durga Puja: City of lights Ranchi lit up by grand pandals, splendid idols", "text": "RANCHI: The city turned into a veritable amusement fair as the gates of Durga Puja pandals opened for visitors on Sunday evening. Ranchi was decked up like a bride with the entrance of every street welcoming throngs of people with open arms, every tree laced with bulbs that lit up your face, children thoroughly enjoying themselves in amusement rides put up at every nook and corner. The street vendors armed with a host of goodies from balloons, toys to musical instruments formed the major attraction for children. Not to mention the serpentine queues in front of pandals. Needless to say, there was a spring in every step with the festive spirit overwhelming one and all.Thousands of people thronged choked the city roads as the puja frenzy caught on. People not just from the capital but also neighboring districts are in the city to partake of the festivities. Ravish Kumar of Gumla is one of them. \"I came here with my family and will be staying at my brother's place for the next three days. My family wanted to see something new so I thought of bringing them to Ranchi which has something new and innovative every year,\" he said.The city is particularly known for its magnificent lighting. People from far away places come here for a glimpse of the lighting during Durga Puja. From big light balls to theme-based lights, the city is beautifully illuminated making it a sight to behold. \"I liked a particular light theme in which lord Hanuman was seen entering Sursa's mouth. It was so arresting that I stopped and looked at it again and again for almost 15 minutes. Another one which depicted Krishna and Radha in Vrindawan was also quite captivating,\" said Smita Singh, a college-goer.Beautiful pandals awed people with their wonderful finish and exquisite idols of goddess Durga looking down upon them. Phoolmani Devi, a visitor said, \"If there is paradise on Earth, it is here. With so many pandals replicating different temples across the country, I felt like I was on pilgrimage.\"For another pandal hopper, Rekha Singh, the idols this year appeared to be more life-like than ever before. She said, \"One look at these idols made me feel like I was standing before Durga herself.\"If Durga Puja is here, can shopping and eating out be far behind. People were seen queuing up at the roadside food stalls well into the night. \"Post pandal-hopping, you need some good food to reenergize you for more rounds of pandal visits,\" quipped 24-year-old Vivek Kumar.Children were seen playing with balloons and other toys being sold near pandals. The toy pistols caught the fancy of most, with each flaunting one.\"I remember buying them as a kid and now my son comes with us on the condition that the toy pistol is bought for him. It's like reliving my childhood during Durga Puja,\" reminisced Kumar Saket, employee of a private firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-23"}
