{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14399839", "title": "CPM should introspect: K C Venugopal", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal said the CPM should attempt a critical introspection on the correctness of its political line of physically eliminating its opponents in the backdrop of the murder of T P Chandrasekharan. the overwhelming public condemnation it has generated in the state.Inaugurating the workers meet organized by the Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC) at the Town Hall here, he said it was a shame that the party which had once provided shelter to veteran leaders like A K Gopalan and Krishna Pillai in their fight for noble causes, had denigrated itself as a party providing protection to killers.He said the CPM had made a grave mistake in believing that the murder of Chandrasekharan would make headlines only for two or three days as had been the case with other political murders, and that the case could be scuttled just like other political murder cases.Venugopal said it was an irony that the CPM, which incorporates extermination of the bourgeoisie class as a political ideology, was now unleashing violence against common people and members of the working class who happened to be their political opponents.The TP murder probe has brought out the fact that if police are allowed to investigate cases without outside interference, then the real culprits will be brought to book, he said. He also demanded that all unsolved political murder cases in the state be reopened to bring the perpetrators and conspirators to book.KPCC secretary N Subramanyan, INTUC state vice-president K Sadirikoya, advocate P M Niyas and former minister M T Padma also spoke on the occasion..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396187", "title": "Several areas to face power shutdown on Wednesday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas between 9am and 5 pm on Wednesday for maintenance work. The supply will be resumed before 5pm if the works are completed, an official press release stated.Kaladipet area: Ennore Express Road (Tolgate to Pattinathar Koil), T H Road (Tolgate to Tiruvottiyur Market), Sathankadu High Road to Tiruvottiyur Railway Station.Gummidipoondi Spicot area: Parts of Gummidipoondi Sipcot, Sirupuzhal Pettai, Madarpakkam, Arambakkam, Kannamkotai, Eguvarpalayam.Durainallore area: Kavaraipettai, Thandalachery, Puduvoyal, Peruvoyal, Panpakkam, Sompattu, Paranambedu, Kilikodi, Arani, Durainallore, Medur, Devampattu.TV Voyal area: Entire T V Voyal area, Kaniambakkam, Kadapakkam, Kalpakkam, Kattupalli, Kattoor, Neithavoyal.Melur area: Entire Melur area, Athipattu, Pattamanthri, Vallur, Athipattu Pudu Nagar, Nandiambakkam, Tamil Koranjur, Mouthambedu, G R Palayam, S R Palayam, Pallipuram, Athipattu Camp, Vallur Camp.Sothuperambedu area: Sirinium, Angadu, Karanodai, Athoor, Gnayuru, Arumanthai to Vichoor, Sothuperumbedu, Bhoodur, Orakkadu, Sholavaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398684", "title": "New sub-station for Mayur Vihar-III area", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Monday laid the foundation stone for a sub-station in Kondli, Mayur Vihar-III. This is BYPL's 51st sub-station.To be constructed at a cost of over Rs 16 crore, the 66/11kV sub-station will serve the fast-growing and densely populated area of Mayur Vihar. \"With an initial capacity of 50MVA, which can be augmented to 75MVA, and depending on the area's increase in demand, this sub-station will provide relief to over 1 lakh customers in areas like Mayur Vihar Phase III,'' said a BYPL official.BYPL CEO Ramesh Narain said, \"The sub-station will be the sixth in Mayur Vihar area and will help keep up with the present and future demands. The demand in the area is around 150-160MW as against an installed capacity of 240MW. With the addition of the Mayur Vihar III grid in Kondli, we will increase the installed capacity of this area to 300MW, which is sufficient to meet the area's power needs for the next five years.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396623", "title": "Parents force Delhi Public School buses to drop students till home", "text": "NAGPUR: Vehement opposition from parents has forced Delhi Public School (DPS), Nagpur, to ask its school buses to drop kids right at their houses. The issue had come up again recently, after similar protests in April, because the bus was dropping kids a few blocks away from their houses.Karishma Galani, a parent who had been instrumental in forcing the school authorities to comply in April, was very agitated at the school's initial decision. \"My 14-year-old son was dropped off one square away from our house, and the distance he had to walk is quite large. How can I be assured of his safety when every day he is crossing the busy square all alone?\" she asked.Safety concerns are preying on all parents, considering the city's chaotic traffic and numerous accidents of late. The parents are also inconvenienced by the changes in schedule and routes. \"I am a working parent. I cannot ferry my child back and forth every day when I myself have a tight schedule,\" said Galani, who was surprised the school was not following HC orders that children alighting from school buses must be accompanied to their residence.\"When I approached the school authorities yesterday, they were not very helpful at first,\" said Galani. However, after some persuasion, principal Akhilesh Chaturvedi assured her that the children would be dropped off to their residence. She said that the principal has been quite supportive this time and her fears were allayed to a large extent.\"Though the school authorities do have the students' best interests in mind, I felt it was my duty as a parent to approach the school regarding this matter. I am happy with the school's decision,\" she said.Chaturvedi categorically refuted all charges and claimed that there were no problems regarding the bus route during regular school. \"A temporary change had been made in the route during summer classes in April, because of which four students were caused some inconvenience. However, during regular school hours, the buses will return to their original routes. So there is no longer any issue regarding the routes,\" he said, adding that the parents had been informed of all the details in writing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14396627", "title": "CU VC praised new govt, says Bratya", "text": "KOLKATA: Education minister Bratya Basu made a strong defence of allegations that Trinamool was promoting dal-tantra instead of eradicating it in the state assembly on Monday during his reply to the first education budget debate.The opposition also claimed that reappointment of Das as the CU VC for a second term by the search committee only proves that merit was the yardstick in selecting VCs during their rule as well.Outlining chief minister Mamata Banerjee's vision, Basu said that dal-tantra is being misinterpreted. \"We never said that none can't have a political ideology or be members of a political party. But, they should not lead this infringe upon their work. This is what we have set out to do.\"When the opposition claimed that the new government has blindly implemented the rules and regulations of Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education 2009 Act, including abolition of pass and fail system till class VIII, Basu said: \"When RTE Act was placed in the Parliament, Left Front MPs had not opposed, except CPM's Moinul Hassan, in the Rajya Sabha.\" Basu also pointed out that while the Left in Bengal is opposing the move, their government in Tripura had no qualms in implementing this in totality. Basu's reply came after assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra asked Basu whether given the financial condition is it possible to implement RTE Act in Bengal. Mishra said: \"During our time, we had not only opposed this but filed a special leave petition in the Supreme Court against it.\"Mishra also quizzed Basu on the proposed move by the government move to allow private players in the education sector. Mishra said: \"Wouldn't this be a step forward to commercialize education and take education beyond it beyond the reach of poor people,\" he asked. To this, Basu replied that in 2006 the former higher education minister Satya Sadhan Chakraborty had already introduced this. In fact, the Ambanis were already invited by the state to set up an IT institute at Kalyani. \"We are doing the same with a slight difference.We are trying to inviting organizations and bodies, who have a stake in education, to do the same. We have already spoken to RKM and St Xavier's,\" Basu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14405047", "title": "Who will direct Balakrishna's 100th film?", "text": "Natasimha Nandamuri Balakrishna's 100th movie has become a hot topic in the tinsel town. The actor is currently working on his 97th film (Srimannarayana) and his next film would be \"Aditya 999\", directed by Singeetham Srinivas Rao. While the director of his 99th film is yet to be known, there's been a lot of hoopla about Balayya's 100th movie.It was initially rumored that Rajamouli will direct Balayya's 100th film. Later, it was buzzed that the actor's milestone movie would be a mythological treat while some say the film would be based on contemporary politics. Recently, rumor-mongers have it saying that Balayya is going to be seen as a CM (Common Man) in his 100th movie. While there's no concrete picture about Balakrishna's 100th film, this subject has garnered lot of curiosity amongst the fans.Top producers in the industry are already holding talks with the 'Nandamuri Nataratna' to discuss about the possibilities of producing the film. Also, inside reports say that the actor is pretty upbeat about the landmark film but refraining from making any statements about the director. Perhaps Balayya is waiting for the right time to announce the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396331", "title": "Mantralaya fire puts safety PIL in spotlight", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar on Monday posted to July 9 the hearing of a public interest litigation that seeks to highlight the issue of public safety in strategic sensitive government installations.Advocate Jamshed Mistry appearing for social activist Vinay Kumar Awate, who had filed the PIL in 2006 primarily against the government's policy to permit privatization of airports citing security concerns, said the petition assumes importance in the wake of the Mantralaya fire. In court he informed the bench that the PIL is \"with regard to safety and security of citizens in important and sensitive government buildngs like Mantralaya, HC, stock exchange and airports.\" He sought an early date for the hearing of the matter. The CJ remarked, \"The petitioner should have had a premonition regarding the incident and that would have helped...\" Mistry replied, \"This petition was filed earlier and has been pending in this court for long.\"The petitioner was initially asked by the HC after it was filed to go to the Supreme Court where a matter regarding airport privatization was being heard. But the SC rejected the transfer petition and hence the matter came back to the high court.The primary concern raised in the PIL was that the modernization of Mumbai and Delhi airports would compromise security of citizens. The PIL said the government has not considered the aspect of citizens' safety while giving the joint venture a go-ahead. A terror incident similar to the 9/11 attack would expose the weakness of the security systems and disaster management in the city, it said.\"Privatization would weaken the layers of government security departments and coupled with the lack of infrastructure to facilitate swift removal of people to safety in any incident of attack of fire.Awate said handing over possession of airports to private management would increase security risk. at airports and said the court must consider if the government has taken care to ensure public safety first.The PIL said that many strategic and sensitive locations are situated within three to four minutes of a plane taking off from the Mumbai airport and hence in case of an attack, no efforts or attempt may be able to prevent a disaster and rescue operations would be hindered. He said the importance of security at airports cannot be stressed enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396881", "title": "Manpower shortage takes toll on quality of policing", "text": "LUCKNOW: In 2010, a total of 88 incidents of escape from custody were lodged in the state. Of 97 persons who escaped in these cases, five had escaped from police lock-up and 92 during transit. UP stands third in India among states which have a high rate of undertrials escaping from police custody. Madhya Pradesh tops the chart with 15 escapes from lock-up and 142 during transit. The corresponding figures for Maharashtra are 26 and 125 respectively.The same year, 12,119 complaints of police misconduct were lodged with the government out of which 3,418 were found to be untrue while 8,701 were substantiated. Departmental inquiries were ordered in 8,693 complaints while eight cases were referred for magisterial probe. Chargesheets were filed in 823 cases. In both the heads, UP ranks among the top three states in the country.If different set of officials are deputed for law and order duties, crime investigations and police escorts for undertrials, it would produce better results. But in UP, the situation is exactly the opposite, said a senior police official.\"Due to shortage of manpower, an SI has to be engaged for law and order duties and at the same time carry out the investigation of pending cases besides probing other crimes that take place under his jurisdiction,\" said a sub-inspector (SI). \"Even if an SI gives 100% to all three stages, it will actually come out to be a meagre 30% of what another officer of the same rank posted to handle one issue at a time would offer. This takes its toll on the quality of work,\" he added.Be it the custodial death, torture and complaints of police harassment or escape of undertrials, in all these cases, it is this very section of the police force that is under the scanner, said former state DGP KL Gupta. \"I am strongly of the view that the service conditions of this section of cops contributes a great deal in the complaints that pour in against the cops. This is the only section that is made to do all kinds of official and unofficial works in the police force,\" Gupta said.At the unofficial front, SIs and HCs often have to run errands for senior officers and their families. A former sub-inspector Chandrabhanu said, \"We have to excel in everything right, from ensuring senior IAS or IPS officers' family is getting the right treatment at the local hospital, arranging free passes for events and making sure that the saheb's family gets a fare deal at the local market to ensuring that our saheb's daughter and son gets admission at the best school/colleges and that spoilt brats of our bosses are let off if nabbed for some crime.\" This is only the unofficial part,\" he said, adding, \"The irony is that we get more severely punished if we fail to deliver in unofficial matters rather than official duties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "14399007", "title": "Trapped youth pulled up with rope around neck", "text": "HOWRAH: When young Roshan Mondal was finally pulled out of a 70-feet-deep borewell, there were no cheers. It was a grim set of people that watched the corpse being inched up - with a rope that wrapped like a noose around his neck. It was 2.10am, almost 24 hours after the fatal fall.It was three well diggers, who finally retrieved Roshan's body. They had volunteered for the dangerous rescue job and stepped in when the state disaster management group failed to reach the youngster.Bubai Chakraborty, a well-digging contractor, roped in three of his most experienced men - Ganesh Sarder, Sukumar Nangal and Ganesh Majhi - for the job. None of them has any formal training as a rescuer, but they had managed to pull out a 12-year-old child from a borewell in Jagatballabhpur five years ago.The trio succeeded in reaching Roshan but believed he was dead because he did not seem to be breathing and did not respond to their attempts to resuscitate him. So, they tied a rope around his torso - as advised by the trained rescuers above ground - and hauled him up. The noose slipped and tightened around his neck. And that was how Roshan made his final journey.The trio hails from Domjur's Pipilai village and has been working in the area for 10 years.When the disaster management group and firemen gave up, it was nearly midnight on Sunday. They had been at it for almost six hours but all their training and hi-tech gadgets could not help the 20-year-old.Chakraborty, who is also a Narna panchayat member, could not take it any more. Switching off his TV, he headed for the accident site at Eksara, some 3km from his home. He marshaled seven of his most experienced well-diggers.\"I thought it was my social responsibility,\" Chakraborty later said. He asked permission from MLA Rajeev Banerjee - who was on the site overseeing the rescue operation - to try his men. The MLA inquired if they could carry out the operation \"with all safety precautions\". Chakraborty said yes and got the go-ahead, say sources. \"I asked my team members if they were ready for the rescue work. They readily agreed,\" Chakraborty said.They lowered a lantern to find out if there was oxygen deep inside the well. \"The flame held steady. Since the fire brigade had pumped water out of the well, the vacuum created was filled with oxygen. Ganesh Sardar was lowered in a bucket without a gas mask. Sukumar and Majhi followed,\" said Chakraborty.There was only five feet of water inside the well, and Roshan's body could be seen in a sitting-up position, said the rescuers. His head was straight. A rope was tied around his armpit. \"But the body had become stiff and slippery and the rope was tied to his neck. Roshan was dead for a long time since there was no chance of anyone surviving in the well that long,\" said Chakraborty.He demanded that borewell diggers be included in the disaster management team. The MLA agreed and said he would send the proposal immediately.Virendra Yadav, 62, the owner of the property, has been arrested for allegedly delaying informing the fire brigade, which hampered the rescue operation, say police. Howrah commissioner of police Ajay Ranade said: \"No disaster management group has been set up yet. We are in the process of forming one. We will try and include borewell diggers in the group.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396596", "title": "Window for PG forms delayed, to open on July 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: Candidates seeking admission to postgraduate courses at Lucknow University (LU) will have to wait for another week. The online window for filling up of PG application forms, that was supposed to open from Monday, will now become functional on July 1. This was confirmed by admission coordinator Prof Rajeev Pandey.The reason for the postponement is the delay in undergraduate results and failure of departmental heads to provide a list of courses that are to be suspended. The state government has set June 30 deadline for the declaration of results. Barring a few PG results, UG results are yet to be declared.Controller of examinations Prof Yashvir Tyagi said, \"We are trying our best to declare at least the final year results by June 30. Therefore, we are concentrating on declaring results of conventional courses like BA, BCom and BSc, and that too the third year first so that students can apply for PG. The other results will follow.\"LU officials said the delay in the evaluation work due to callous attitude of teachers has delayed results. However, senior university teachers say results get delayed every year. \"Every year, the university declares results after the deadline. Because of this, LU loses out on good students. The meritorious students take admissions in other universities,'' said a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bagalkot", "code": "14400300", "title": "Rs 3.5 lakh stolen from office drawer", "text": "BAGALKOT: Nearly Rs 3.5 lakh was stolen from an office located on the outskirts of the city limits on Sunday night. The burglars succeeded in stealing the money from Samruddhi Jeevan Foods India Ltd branch office situated at Vidyagiri locality. The firm is involved in poultry, animal husbandry and allied activities.The money was kept in a drawer in one of the office rooms. They reportedly broke open the main door and decamped with the cash. When the office staff came on Monday morning, they filed a case at Nava Nagar police station.City crime branch PSI Avaji who rushed to spot found no clue. Investigation is on based on the information gathered by the fingerprint expert. The office had no security measures, including no locker to keep the hard cash safe. A hidden camera kept in another office, situated below this office, is helping police in its investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14401088", "title": "Advocate-general\u2019s clean chit could see Suresh back in business", "text": "BANGALORE: The site-allotment controversy involving law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar could well end in an anti-climax, with advocate-general S Vijay Shankar reportedly giving a clean chit to him within 72 hours of his resignation.Kumar, who resigned on Saturday following allegations on a G-category site allotment, is now certain to continue in office following a quick probe conducted by the AG at the instance of chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda. The alacrity with which CM took charge of the issue is in sharp contrast to the various slow investigations in other cases.Sources in the CM's office said: \"The AG was asked to explore the illegalities involved in the allotment of site to Kumar. By Monday evening, the AG reportedly gave Kumar a clean chit after going through all records pertaining to allotment of sites to his family members and him.\" The AG had a two-point brief: look into extra site and affidavit content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397266", "title": "Mela applicants could get passports within a fortnight", "text": "BANGALORE: If you've applied for a passport or sought a renewal during the Passport Mela on Saturday and Sunday, the wait could be just 15 days. Regional Passport Officer KJ Srinivas, told TOI that TCS has started scanning the documents and adding them to the database.\"After the documents are uploaded to our network, officers at the Passport Seva Kendras will start verifying them. We should be able to deliver the passports to these applicants within 10-15 days,\" he said. He pointed out that police verification, which usually takes time, may delay delivery of the document to these applicants.Over 2,766 applications were accepted over two days across all PSKs - 1,210 on Saturday and 1,556 on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14395717", "title": "Hue and cry over Krishna district sand auctions", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In a controversial move, the Krishna district administration completed auctions for Ravirala and Vedadri sand reach in Jaggaiahpet mandal in violation of the high court directive. The reach was reserved for the boatmen societies.According to sources, a ruling Congress legislator held negotiations with four boatmen societies who wanted to file the bid and struck a deal.As a result, Lakshmiganapathi Boatmen Society of Ibrahimpatnam area won the bid at Rs 6.74 crore. Sources said the mining officials issued the notification without conducting the ground inspection properly.In a hurry to auction at least few reaches, the mining officials opted for Ravirala reach without surveying the district borders.\"Auctioning of the Ravirala reach will give rise to more complications as there is no water area on the Krishna district side, which would mean that the contractor would either have to dig for sand on the river bed or encroach into Guntur district side,\" said a revenue official.After paying a massive amount of Rs 6.7 crore, the contractors would resort to irregularities to recover the amount, sources said.When contacted, Koteswara Raju, assistant director of the department of mines, said that they were sending auction proposals to the government.Meanwhile, another reach of Valluripalem of Vuyyur mandal has been finalised for Rs10.17 crore.The auctions held on Monday were the first in Krishna district after the high court cancelled all the sand leases about six months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14397376", "title": "Trial proceedings in nun sexual abuse case stopped", "text": "TRICHY: The mahila court on Monday stopped trial proceedings in the Sister Florence Mary sexual abuse case, till such time, when the state government appoints a special public prosecutor (SPP) to argue the complainant's case.Sister Mary had submitted a petition before the mahila court on May 16 seeking permission to officially engage a lawyer for the prosecution along with the public prosecutor before the start of the trial. The names of two lawyers, Irudayasamy and Agnel Rajan were proposed by Mary. On June 12, the judge passed an order that the complainant's lawyer could discuss the case details with the government prosecutor but the former was not permitted to argue the case himself in the court.Mary also submitted a petition to the district collector asking for the latter's discretion to recommend the appointment of a SPP to argue her case. In yet another twist in the case, the present public prosecutor Ammu on Monday tendered a petition before the court asking to be relieved from the case and the court accepted it.Advocate Irudaya Samy, who appeared for Mary, said the victim had every right to engage a lawyer and added that the prosecution had also staked its claim to cross-examine the defence witnesses during the trial.It may be recalled that Fr Rajarathinam, the former principal of St Joseph's College, Trichy, along with four others were accused by Mary, a former member of St Anne's Congregation in Trichy, of rape in 2006 and later in 2008. The priest was granted anticipatory bail by the Madras high court on November 3, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14399845", "title": "Doctors\u2019 stir against NCHRC bill paralyses health services", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the nationwide call given by Indian Medical Association and Allahabad Medical Association doctors, a daylong strike was observed in the city on Monday in protest against the problems arising after the passage of Clinical Establishment Act by the Centre.Secretary of Allahabad Medical Association (AMA) Dr BK Mishra said, \"The government is making medical facilities expensive for the common man in the same manner as it is increasing the prices of essential commodities including sugar, onion, petrol, pulses, rice and vegetables. In the name of Clinical Establishment Act, the government is forcing doctors to maintain costly paraphernalia in his clinic and install costly equipments. This would only leave some selected corporate hospitals in the field of health care, while cheap medical care to the common man would be sacrificed at the altar of administrative corruption and multinational companies.\"He said that only those who have opted for medical insurance and government employees would be able to avail the costly facility. By doing so, the government would facilitate exploitation of common man at the hands of multinational insurance companies. By enacting the NCHRC Bill the government is trying to dissolve Medical Council of India and instead handover the running of Medical Council to nominated persons.President, AMA, Dr Amitava Ghosh said that by introducing a draconian measure the government would entangle the medical profession in the cobweb of official regulations. This would create disenchantment among youngsters towards the profession which is reflected in dwindling number of aspirants at PMT and other medical entrance examinations. Among the new measures introduced by the government include registration of clinics and medical institutions at the office of district magistrate instead of chief medical officer(CMO) which would be temporary for the first year and has to be renewed after 5 years.Moreover failure of doctors to provide medical help has been declared a cognizable offence, which means every doctor would be forced to think twice before offering emergency medical service.Meanwhile, as a result of the strike, long queues of patients was seen at government hospitals in the city as patients lined up outside the hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14399767", "title": "Orthodox Church to hold dharna in capital tomorrow", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The Malankara Orthodox Church has urged the government to implement the court orders in connection with the row between the Orthodox and Jacobite factions, without yielding to any pressure.Talking to the media here on Monday, Paulose Mar Pachomius, metropolitan of Mavelikkara diocese alleged that the government has failed to implement the court orders.A meeting of priests of the church will be held to discuss these issues at the St George Orthodox church in Thiruvanathapurtam at 11am on Wednesday, he said. A protest dharna will be staged at the Martyrs' Column at Palayam. The meeting will be attended by members of the church managing committee and priests, he said.\"Justice has been denied to us and the Orthodox faction has been suffering silently. But this can't go on for ever,\" he said.He also alleged that the Ernakulam district administration is facilitating the Jacobite faction in their attempt to capture churches at Kolenchery, Mamalasery, Puthen Curiz, Vettithara and Mannathur through violence. The court had given verdict in favour of the Orthodox faction regarding these churches,he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14399318", "title": "City's traffic islands turn into forgotten relics", "text": "NASHIK: Most traffic islands in the city being maintained by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) are in a very bad shape. These include major traffic islands located in the heart of the city, which are the most neglected ones.These places are the major landmarks in the city. Not only have they been poorly maintained, some are not even serving their actual purpose of channelizing traffic.Glaring examples of badly maintained traffic islands are the ones at Shalimar, Central Bus Stand (CBS), Ashok Stambh, Panchvati Karanja and Raviwar Karanja. The worn out look of these traffic islands lends the locality an unpleasant atmosphere. An example would be the traffic island at Shalimar, which is situated at the heart of the city. This island, which features a statue of Indira Gandhi , was once upon a time known as a landmark of the city and helped streamline traffic.\"Because of the autorickshaw stand at Shalimar now, the traffic island is not very visible. Moreover, errant autorickshaw drivers and citizens cause havoc there and the purpose of the island is lost,\" said Rajendra Tamhankar, a daily commuter on this road.Vibha Kshatriya, a college student who travels to Nashik Road every day via Shalimar, said that the island is in a bad shape and a lot of garbage is always strewn inside the island. \"We have a direct glimpse of the garbage and the broken island while waiting for the bus. The island has not been painted for a long while,\" she said.The traffic island at Ashok Stambh is one of the worst maintained in the city. The statue of a boy at the island, which was initially a pleasant sight and grayish-blue in colour, underwent many changes over the years. \"The island has not been painted for as long as I can remember. The statue of the boy has been painted over with colours different from the original. When we were kids, the island was beautiful, with the fountain functioning in the evenings,\" a local said.None of the fountains at the traffic islands are in a working condition. When contacted, officials from various departments of the NMC passed the buck saying that the responsibility of the fountains was not with them.Panchavati Karanja is in a better condition, but it is also not completely maintained. \"The Karanja has a statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj. The garland on the statue has not been changed for a long while, probably since Shivaji Jayanti. Cleanliness is also not maintained here and garbage and small stones, papers and plastic bottles are seen here. But at least this island helps in streamlining traffic,\" said Savita Shah, who commutes from this area regularly.The condition of Raviwar Karanja, another traffic island that used to be identified from a distance because of its size and beautiful fountain operational in the evenings, has also deteriorated. Broken tiles, garbage, exposed electrical wires and boxes are seen lying here. \"The fountain is also not functional from many years. The tiles have a worn out look, and are broken and dirty like in a public toilet,\" said Rajashree Jadhav, a resident of the old city.Narrow strips of the islands between roads that intersect at an acute angle, like those at the CBS signal, are also neglected. \"Neither are these maintained nor are they used properly. In fact, now with the increasing flow of traffic, these islands do not even serve their purpose. The lack of maintenance also shows that the islands are not just neglected but have been long forgotten by the NMC,\" said Siddharth Kulkarni, a commuter.The traffic island near the ST bus depot at N D Patel Road is in a similar condition. Located on one corner of the road, it is now a forgotten structure.The NMC's superintending engineer (sewage department) U B Pawar, whose department is also responsible for horticulture work, said that the garden part of the islands would be maintained soon. \"As far as the Shalimar circle is concerned, we have identified some drug addicts who rob railings and tiles. Whenever we repair the islands, the railings, tiles, etc. are robbed. This thing needs to stop first,\" he said.The NMC's superintendent engineer (public works department) Sunil Khune said that the maintenance of the traffic islands came under his department only recently and that the department has started making a list of traffic islands for maintenance. \"Due to the code of conduct for the election for the teachers' constituency seat, we cannot carry out this work at present. But we have included it on our list of work and will be maintaining them soon.\"Mayor Yatin Wagh said that he has asked for a list of traffic islands from the public works department and the gardens department. \"I have asked for information about all the traffic islands maintained by private organizations and the NMC. We have identified islands in need of repair and maintenance that are maintained by the NMC. I have asked them to take care of these. Also, some private companies and organizations are interested in developing islands maintained by the NMC and have asked for permission for the same. We will communicate to them in writing and as per to their choice we will hand over the islands. Generally, they ask for traffic islands in the areas where their units are located,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14398960", "title": "Blacklist Margao municipal council chief as PWD contractor: Eduardo Faleiro", "text": "PANAJI: Former Union minister Eduardo Faleiro has written to the chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava to blacklist PWD contractor Arthur D'Silva for non-completion of a member of parliament local area development (MPLAD) project initiated by Faleiro when he was Rajya Sabha member.The project is a multipurpose sports complex and D'Silva is the present chairperson of the Margao municipal council. The contract was signed on May 5, 2009, and the agreed date of completion was November 18, 2009.Faleiro said that the chief secretary is the nodal officer for MPLAD projects.He said that under the rules, the contract must be terminated, D'Silva be blacklisted and the costs recovered from him.D'Silva, who is also the chairperson of Margao municipal council (MMC), denied the allegation and said that he is open for any inspection of the work undertaken by his firm.\"Let the committee (on MPLAD headed by the district collector) examine the issue and decide on the matter,\" D'Silva told TOI.D'Silva further alleged that some of his detractors were trying to blow things out of proportion.\"Anyone can inspect the project and see the work done,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14400328", "title": "SIT has a science project with great heart", "text": "MANGALORE: It is an academic project that is green at heart. Designed by the final year electronics and communication students of Srinivas Institute of Technology (SIT), Valachil here, the project aims at addressing problems of organic disposal and helping rapid production of organic manure. The project, done by Hariprasad Bhat, Abhishek M Naik, Gourav Dalawat and Pavana Damle under the guidance of Sathish Kumar K, has used an intelligent controller to speed up the composting process. Hariprasad said the team studied the manner in which farmers go about preparing compost in the fields to understand the inherent lacunae therein.\"Preparing compost in real field conditions is a long process where farmers have to deal with excess moisture and rapidly declining oxygen levels to ensure the quality of the organic manure,\" he said.The students used an ultra low powered microcontroller-based control system for the composting process. \"It provides an environmentally and economically sustainable solution for promoting organic farming. It is a low cost and efficient control system that helps make rich and high quality fertilisers for better yields in the long run,\" he added.Prime focus of the project is to solve two problems of the natural manure production\u2014 time required for the composting process and its unpleasant odour. To avoid these problems, a special reactor has been developed where the temperature is maintained between 45 and 55 degree centigrade. The microcontroller runs two fans if the temperature goes above the range and cools down the reactor providing ideal environment for the bacteria to thrive.\"Oxygen concentration too is constantly monitored. The bacteria die if the temperature rises and this delays the composting process,\" he added.The students have not yet thought about the possibilities of mass production of the project. They prepared two to three smaller models before settling for the model finally designed by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14398926", "title": "City healthcare takes a leap with rare surgery", "text": "KOLKATA: When it comes to new-age surgeries, Kolkata hospitals are fast catching up with hospitals in cities like Delhi, Chennai and Mumbai. The latest such leap in advanced medical facility in the city was a complex surgery called double switch operation on a five-year-old girl.The condition of the five-year-old from Kolkata is generally associated with other disorders like ventricular septic defect (VSD), pulmonary stenosis, pulmonary atresia etc.In children, born with this anomaly, the stronger morphological left ventricle pumps deoxygenated blood in to the pulmonary artery, while the weaker right ventricle pumps oxygenated blood into the aorta. Also they have a hole in between the left and the right ventricle, known as VSD. A blockage in the pulmonary artery does not allow smooth flow of blood into the lungs. As a result, these children face breathing difficulties right from birth. They also turn blue due to decreased oxygen supply.Though there are less complicated surgeries, such surgeries are not the permanent solution. These procedures do not correct the defect but redirects the flow of blood to the lungs via a tube graft. The patient can run into relapse in no time. In this case, too, the girl had previously undergone surgery to increase blood flow in the lungs. But the problem resurfaced soon after.When the girl was brought to Medica Superspecialty Hospital (MSH), doctors decided to go for the procedure called double switch operation. Though, this is the standard procedure for the correction of CCTGA, not too many hospitals in India perform this surgery.The girl was wheeled into the operation theatre on June 6. Doctors closed the VSD first in such a way that blood from the morphological left ventricle got pumped into the aorta. Then pure and impure blood was redirected to their normal ventricles by means of a procedure called atrial switch. Finally, the pulmonary artery was joined to the morphological right ventricle using a valve bovine jugular vein conduit. \"The surgery lasted for about eight hours. The girl is now doing well. She can grow up like other normal kids,\" said cardiothoracic surgeon Ratan Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14396701", "title": "Pinki's SSKM gender test inconclusive", "text": "KOLKATA: The result of former athlete Pinki Pramanik's gender determination test at SSKM Hospital emerged inconclusive on Monday. Now, the Asian gold medalist has to undergo more tests for doctors to come to a final verdict on her gender. Pinki's fate now hangs on the crucial karyotyping or chromosome analysis.Pinki was arrested on June 14 after a woman companion alleged that Pinki was a man and that the athlete had sexually assaulted her several times. The sprinter is now in judicial custody, lodged in the Dum Dum Correctional Home. The Barasat court had ordered gender verification test on the athlete. She underwent the test at Barasat District Hospital earlier. But, since the district hospital was not equipped with the required facilities, the court directed the state's premier SSKM Hospital to conduct the test.Pinki reached SSKM Hospital around 12 noon on Monday. She was immediately huddled into the forensic department where an 11-member medical board constituted to conduct the test was waiting. The athlete underwent radiological, psychological and other clinical tests. According to sources, these tests, which lasted around three hours, could not provide any conclusive result. Though doctors took her blood sample for chromosomal analysis, these samples would be sent to forensic laboratory either in Delhi, Mumbai or Hyderabad.\"The athlete underwent clinical, radiological and psychological tests. We could not conduct the karyotyping as the facility we have here is meant only for research purpose. Therefore, the blood samples have been sent to a forensic laboratory with better facilities. In the meantime, the report of the test conducted here will be forwarded to the court either on June 27 or the next day,\" said Dr Tamal Ghosh, medical superintendent and vice-principal at SSKM Hospital.The 27-year-old former athlete was escorted out of the hospital around 3.25 pm and taken back to jail. The next court hearing on the athlete's case is on June 29. The court had asked SSKM Hospital to submit the medical report by June 28. The 11-member medical board headed by Dr B Kahali of the forensic department included a gynaecologist, a psychiatrist, a radiologist, an anatomist, surgeons and other specialists.Pinki won five gold medals between 2005 and 2006. But she retired from the track the following year. Though originally from a Purulia village, Pinki was living in a house in Beliaghata that she had bought when the allegation of rape came up from the 30-year-old woman. The duo had reportedly been cohabiting for the past two years. An employee of the railways, Pinki was suspended from job following the allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397215", "title": "Student on phone dies after truck hits him", "text": "BANGALORE: Ramnarayan Kashyap, a 19-year-old mechanical engineering student, died after a reversing Canter truck slammed into him on his college campus in Kattiganahalli, near Yelahanka, around 9.30pm Sunday. The driver is absconding.The first-year student of Reva Institute of Technology and Management was going to his hostel room after dinner when the truck ferrying cement for construction work hit him. Eyewitnesses said Kashyap was talking on the phone and though he noticed the approaching truck, he didn't realize it was dangerously close.The cement-laden lorry was also towing a concrete mixer. After unloading the cement, the lorry reversed and hit Kashyap. The unconscious student was rushed to a private hospital where he passed away on Monday morning.College officials said as the academic season was in progress, they had asked construction vehicles to bring in material only at night. They said Kashyap was an above-average student and was from a family of priests in Chintamani, Chikkaballapur district.The truck belonged to a cement outlet. A case under Section 304A of Indian Penal Code has been registered against the driver for negligent and rash driving causing death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396517", "title": "Medical services hit as doctors take to streets", "text": "JAIPUR: Patients faced a tough time on Monday as private clinics and hospitals along with diagnostic centers remained closed in the state to protest against Clinical Establishment Act 2010 and National Council for Human Resources in Health ( NCHRH) Bill-2011.Healthcare services were hit as doctors 'boycotted' work. The out patient department (OPD) wore a deserted look in almost every private hospital.While the news of a nationwide doctors' strike had been doing rounds since sometime, those not in the know faced a trying time. Chhote Ram, attendant of a patient who came from Sikar, said, \"The doctor has asked us to come to hospital during our previous visit. However, today there is no one in the OPD,\" he said.The emergency services, however, were not affected as agitating doctors kept it 'out of the strike'.Indian Medical Association ( IMA) state secretary Dr SS Agarwal said, \"We have not compelled any private hospital and diagnostic centre to remain closed but they chose to take part in the protest. It is sad that those who practice such as noble profession have to take to the streets.\"The doctors took out a rally from Sawai Man Singh hospital to Statue Circle on Monday morning. The agitating doctors claimed that the new Clinical Establishment Act would discourage fresh investment in the health sector.The doctors questioned the government's insistence to implement the Act when it has failed to keep a check on quacks in rural and urban areas.Health minister AA Khan, though, said doors are open for talks with the doctors.As private clinics remained shut, the OPD at the SMS hospital was overcrowded. An official at the hospital estimated the number of patients at the OPD on Monday at 6,000.came to the hospital's OPD for the treatment. On normal days around 5,000 to 6,000 patients get registered at the OPD.The agitating doctors claimed that around 1,000 clinics and private hospitals in Jaipur and 5,000 in state remained closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "14399047", "title": "TMC office ransacked", "text": "NADIA: The party office of TMC in Ward No. 2 of Kalyani Municipality was ransacked on Monday.Councillor Sonali Sarkar Biswas said a television set was smashed and some key papers were damaged. However, it is learnt from sources that party workers never locked the party office. While the councillor blamed CPM for the incident, CPM sources denied the allegation. On behalf of CPM, Ashit Ghosh said that none of them was involved in the incident. A complained was lodged with Kalyani Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401462", "title": "High court seeks government reply on NRHM funds use", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Monday took strong exception to the alleged mismanagement of funds provided by the Union government to the state government under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). A division bench of the court, comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan, directed the state government to file an affidavit in this regard within three months.The court directed the government to file report stating the amount received from the Centre for the rural health mission project and how it was spent. The state government was also asked to state the progress made so far in implementation of the project and strengthening the rural health services across the state.Appearing on behalf of the petitioner, the Centre for Health and Research Management (Charm), an NGO, Delhi high court lawyer Anubhava Srivastava and Patna HC lawyer Vikash Kumar Pankaj told the court the Centre had provided Rs 3,500 crore to the state during the period 2005-12, which was not spent properly and benefits did not reach the targeted beneficiaries. The petitioner had alleged that the delivery of service under NRHM in the state was dismal.Earlier, a survey was carried out in Munger district, in which it was found that the work under the project was not done properly. The survey pointed out lack of infrastructure in the district. The court, during its hearing related to Munger, expanded its ambit to whole of the state.The state government had earlier asked the government thrice to file a report in the matter, but the government failed to provide a satisfactory reply.The court asked the state government to file a progress report districtwise every three months. The matter will come up for hearing after three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14397661", "title": "Marks go up, up &amp; away: Welcome to the late 90s", "text": "NEW DELHI: Board examination marks, like the economy, are suffering a bout of inflation. For the first time, the 90% club at the CBSE Class XII board examinations was 3.5% of the total number of students who appeared for the exams, more than double the proportion just four years ago. In absolute numbers, while around 8,000 students scored 90% or more five years ago, the number has now jumped to 28,000.As for students with 95% plus, their number has risen almost eight times in just five years, going from 384 in 2008 to 3,000 in 2012. While ninety percenters were just 1.5% of the total number of students in 2008, the figure hovered around 2.5% in 2009 and 2010 and inched up to 2.7% in 2011, before soaring to 3.5% in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14399827", "title": "UGC\u2019s OBC grant bias irks Allahabad University\u2019s constituent colleges", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Following the implementation of the OBC reservation, constituent colleges of Allahabad University have been asked to raise the number of seats for undergraduate courses by 54%. However, these colleges need more funds to upgrade the infrastructure facilities to accommodate increased number of students. The situation has risen because the University Grants Commission has not sanctioned any money to these colleges to implement the OBC reservation. On the other hand, UGC has sanctioned Rs 232 crore to AU for upgradation of facilities along with an increase in the number of teachers.After the recommendation of the OBC committee, all the central universities were asked to enhance 54% of the existing seats in UG and PG courses run by them. The enhancements of seats were to be done in three phases (18% each year) starting from academic year 2008-09. The UGC sanctioned large amount of funds to the central universities for improving their infrastructure needed for enhancing the number of seats for student intake.To understand the ground situation, number of UG seats at AU, before implementing OBC reservation, was 3,445. This now stands at 5,305 (an increase of 1860 seats). Similarly, Jagat Taran now stands at 1,165 as against the 2007 mark of 747, Rajashri Tandon is now 451 from 293 of 2007 and at ADC it is around 3,066. The tally at Iswar Sharan is 1863, while at CMP it is 4,281 and at SS Khanna the number of seats now is 1,201 whereas it was 780 in 2007. At SPM Degree College it is 800 and at Arya Kanya Degree College the number of seats now stands at 1119.In totality, the combined number of student intake at UG level, which was 13,000 in 2007 has increased to 19,211. These enhanced numbers of seats follows the implementation of OBC reservation and MHRD asking for completing 54% enhancement within three years. Of this mammoth size of student intake, AU's share is just 5,305 whereas the burden for the rest of intake i.e. around 15000 students is shared among eight constituent colleges.\"We are addressing public gatherings and not taking classes, what to talk about the classrooms, laboratory, library capacity etc. The prime important factor, the teacher taught ratio (TTR) is adversely affected as the number of faculty positions and the needed infrastructure remains the same, whereas student intake has increased manifold,\" said a principal of a constituent college of AU, and added, \"We are told that college authorities would be given separate grant by UGC, but in the last three years we have not received any funding under OBC grant.\"AU finance officer PK Singh said, \"We have invited requisite from various colleges, about the funds needed by them to upgrade their facilities and the same has been submitted to the UGC under AU's proposal for the 12th Five Year Plan. We are hopeful that once the funding is allocated by the UGC, these colleges too would be able to upgrade their infrastructure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14400675", "title": "Toddler\u2019s antics for a day equivalent to 83 rounds of boxing", "text": "LONDON: Mothers who complain looking after a toddler is quite exhausting please note: Daily antics of your naughty little one can burn energy equivalent to 83 rounds in the boxing ring, a new study has claimed. UK researchers have found that the average toddler expends the same energy as if an adult did 249 minutes in the boxing ring, ran 30 miles, or cycled 82 miles at 12-14 mph.The survey, called First Steps Research, highlights how a toddler's daily antics \u2014 including running around, playing in a sandpit, climbing stairs and playing in a play park \u2014 are the same as adults climbing 2,980 metres. This can also equate to 300 hours of competitive football \u2014 that's more than three full football matches in a row, researchers said.\"If a little one saw their mum or dad run a marathon every day they would be pretty impressed,\" dietitian Dr Carrie Ruxton was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.\"Of course, parents experience the same positive emotions when they witness the many milestones their toddler achieves each week... they are just unaware how much extra nutrition is needed to fuel this amazing development between the ages of one and three years,\" Dr Ruxton said. In order to illustrate the difference between a toddlers' and an adult's diet, the researchers worked out the average calories required to support a toddler on a daily basis by taking into consideration their weight, resting metabolic rate and energy needed for growth, development and activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14395689", "title": "Nuclear Power Corp gets new chief", "text": "Kailash Chandra Purohit took over as chairman and managing director of Nuclear Power Corporation (NPC) on Monday Following the retirement of S K Jain recently. Earlier, he was NPCIL's director for projects.In his address to the staff immediately after taking over he emphasised that no stone would be left unturned in continuing the impeccable record of safety demonstrated during the last 42 years of commercial nuclear power generation.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14404544", "title": "\u2018I\u2019 will be produced on a mega scale", "text": "The Shankar- Vikram project 'I' announced few days back is raising the expectation levels with the duo's previous success.The mega director teaming up for the second time with Vikram for ' I ' will be produced by Aascar Ravichandran who earlier produced Anniyan.The producer seems to be happy on teaming up with the success combo and is hoping to produce ' I ' on a mega scale without compromising on the budget. The film will be simultaneously made in Tamil, Hindi and Telugu says sources. Samantha plays Vikram's love interest while the rest of the casts are yet to be finalised. The movie which will have story written and directed by Shankar will have music by Oscar winner AR Rahman and dialogues penned by Subha (Suresh and Balakrishnan).Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396524", "title": "\u2018Mere presence at drug bash doesn\u2019t imply guilt\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A person's mere presence at a party that has been busted for drugs does not warrant his or her being booked under the stringent anti-narcotics law, the Bombay high court ruled in a landmark order on Monday. The court's decision came as it provided relief to a 28-year-old businessman who had been arrested three years ago from a friend's house party at Colaba where drugs were discovered. Though no narcotic substances were found on Yograjsingh Gohil and his blood and urine sample tested negative for drugs, the Jamnagar resident was booked by the police for conspiring and helping to organize the party.On Monday, Justice Abhay Thipsay quashed the criminal charges against Gohil, calling them \"absurd\".\"Mere presence in the party would not be sufficient to justify the charge of an offence punishable under Section 29 of the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (for abetment),\" said the judge. \"There are no sufficient grounds for proceeding against (Gohil).\"The court also questioned charges of consumption of drugs being applied against Gohil when medical reports had shown otherwise. \"Clearly, the charge against (Gohil) is not sustainable. In fact, it is rather absurd to level accusation against the applicant with respect to an offence punishable under section 27 of the NDPS Act, which requires consumption of any narcotic drug or psychotropic substance, when the investigating agency does not even allege that the applicant had consumed such narcotic drug or psychotropic substance.\"Gohil's counsel Ayaz Khan said that the order would help others who are booked by the police just because they are at a party where some people consume drugs. \"This order will hopefully end needless harassment of people who find themselves at the wrong place and are slapped with criminal charges for no fault of theirs,\" said Khan.Gohil's troubles began three years ago when he came down to attend a house party organized by an acquaintance, Ranjit, at the latter's house at Naju Mansion, Wodehouse Road, Colaba, on July 25, 2009. Based on a tip-off, the anti-narcotics cell raided the party and found 2 grams of cocaine and 5 grams of charas. The cops arrested 10 people, including Ranjit, and sent them for medical tests. Eight individuals tested positive for drugs but Gohil's and another person's reports came negative.Despite this, the police booked him on charges of abetment and assisting in organizing the party. Advocate Khan argued that Gohil was falsely implicated when there was no evidence against him, only because he was a guest at the party. The court agreed and set aside the charges, saying they were \"unsustainable\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397126", "title": "Sipping bottled water? Think before you drink", "text": "BANGALORE: Not all bottled water is pure. But people can expect quality water if the state government persists with its latest resolve to crack down on manufacturers not conforming to safety conditions.Last week, the Karnataka high court directed the state government to take action against unlicensed packaged water. A division bench comprising Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen and Justice BV Nagarathna gave this direction while hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by Lochanesh Hugar, president of a Hubli-based NGO.Accordingly, the state government has written to all 30 deputy commissioners and seven corporation commissioners to crack down on water packaging units that did not follow safety norms. This is in the face of controversy over depleting ground water level across the state and high concentration of pesticides in bottled water. About 99 % of the mineral water sold in Karnataka had very high level of pesticide residues and was not in conformity with the ISI norms,'' said B Ravi Naik of the state food and civil supplies department.Though the Bureau of Indian Standards ( BIS) had made ISI certification mandatory for water packaging units and outlined elaborate testing norms, barring a few big players, hundreds of units have been flouting norms.According to Hugar, there are over 5,000 illegal water packaging units in the state compared to 180 legal ones. Karnataka has a market of Rs 100 crore in the unorganised packaged water segment. This year was a good time for them to cash in on the drought. The business is huge in Bangalore city and rural, Dharwad, Gulbarga, Raichur, Bellary, Koppal and Gangavati. Either they are faking a popular brand or selling water without the ISI certification,\" he said.It will be a real challenge for the government to tackle this problem. Some fly-by-night operators spring up only during summer to cater to the water-starved localities, especially the suburban areas,'' Hugar said.Another challenge for the government is to create additional laboratory infrastructure and find experts to test the water samples. ' To start with, we will randomly crack down on the illegal packaged water manufacturing units. Based on the feedback from our officials, we will attend to the future needs,'' said food and civil supplies minister Shobha Karandlage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398327", "title": "Ahmedabad Janmarg Ltd employee jumps to death", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 21-year old youth, working with Ahmedabad Janmarg Ltd (AJL) looking after BRTS services, jumped to his death from Dudheshwar Bridge on Monday morning. Police identified the deceased as Hitesh Chunara, 21, a resident of Ranip police line.Naranpura police officials said it was a case of suicide and cited mental harassment at work place as alleged by Chunara's parents as the reason.Chunara jumped off the bridge at 6.30 am on Monday. Police said that passers-by on Dudheshwar bridge reported the incident to them. A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) rushed to the spot and fished out the body from Sabarmati river after an hour-long operation.\"We ascertained Chunara's identity after calling up his relatives whose numbers were found from his wallet. We came to know that his father Prahlad Chunara works as a driver in MT section of the city police. His relatives told us that Chunara was depressed for the past few days due to pressure from his workplace. He was working on ticketing counter at the BRTS bus stands. His relatives have alleged that the work pressure had prompted him to take the extreme step. We have started the probe into the case,\" a Naranpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14400756", "title": "Lohia Path\u2019s flyover meets a dead end", "text": "LUCKNOW: The nearly two kilometre-long flyover, constructed at an estimated cost of around Rs 20 crore on Gomtinagar's Lohia Path has run into a grave yard with both PWD and UP Bridge Corporation facing a piquant riddle as how to pass the said flyover through the cemetery. The flyover was constructed nearly two months ago and is waiting to be thrown open for public use.The departments are now mulling to construct a slab over the grave yard to allow free flow of traffic. But that may not be that easy to come by, as locals are against construction of a road over the grave yard, which they claim is nearly 100 years old. Secondly, the grave yard also has over a dozen trees that will have to be chopped off to pave way for the slab.PWD sources confirmed that the issue has turned contentious following protest by local residents, not to speak of the fact that it is a Muslim grave yard, which may not be touched so easily. \"The issue is being taken up with the bridge corporation authorities,\" said chief engineer, PWD, PK Mittal, while speaking to TOI on Monday. A senior official in UP Bridge Corporation said that it is only after a consensus is reached with the locals that the work on the said flyover may be resumed. Sources said that the authorities are mulling to construct a slab over the grave yard at a height that would allow movement of traffic on one hand and at the same time do not hinder the locals to reach the grave yard to perform the rituals. \"The department is likely to make an estimate of the project,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14398883", "title": "Mahi case: 15 days for probe", "text": "GURGAON: An eerie silence pervades the one-room house where four-year-old Mahi and her parents lived in Manesar's Kasan village. Mahi's parents had left for their native village in Aligarh on Sunday evening, soon after her body was handed over to them for performing the last rites.A lock hangs on the door of the room. Even the iron gate leading to the borewell pit \u2014 which has now been filled up with concrete \u2014 has been locked. A magisterial inquiry has been ordered by the Gurgaon administration into the incident. Additional deputy commissioner K M Pandurang, who is heading the inquiry, said: \"The time-frame to complete the inquiry is 15 days. It has been on since Friday.\"Deputy commissioner P C Meena said all possible help would be provided to the victim's family, but only after the inquiry was over. \"The administration is awaiting the inquiry to get over before announcing any compensation.\"The administration has also come out with a series of instructions on Monday. Firstly, a notice has been issued to the village sarpanch. The administration has also written to the agriculture department to take disciplinary action against the executive whose duty was to monitor such illegal activities.Invoking Section 144 of Cr PC, the DC also ordered all the concerned civic agencies to keep a vigil in their respective jurisdictions and see that no borewells are dug up without permissions and also that they are properly covered. He also said that action will be taken against officials who do not comply to this order.The police have been asked to conduct night patrolling. Meena also said that an awareness campaign will be conducted in schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "14398533", "title": "Goa to be part of Tiger Reserve complex?", "text": "KERI: Bereft of any details of wildlife in Goa, including that of big cats in the state, the 'status of wildlife in the state of Goa' report, nonetheless, offers a roar of support to former environment minister Jairam Ramesh's 'Tiger Reserve' suggestion.Referring extensively to the state's past wildlife censuses, the report by the Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun , states, \"The tiger occupied landscape in Goa forms part of the corridor connecting Anshi-Dandeli in Karnataka and Sahyadri Tiger Reserve in Maharashtra. Goa can potentially be home to a small feeding population of tigers which would be sustained by immigrants from Anshi-Dandeli as well as Sahyadri. It would hence benefit from being incorporated as part of Tiger Reserve complex.\"The report, compiled by Bilal Habib and Gautam Talukdar of WII, has synthesized the result of the 2010 wildlife census following the MoEF-laid down protocols of phase-I of country-wide assessment of the status of tigers, co-predators and prey in India. The first census was in 2006.The present report notes, \"Goa is not a tiger range state therefore the second and third phases for nationwide monitoring programme were not carried out in Goa.\" But, referring to the 2010 census that recorded the tiger's presence in Mollem wildlife sanctuary and in the forests of Ponda and Sanguem talukas, it notes, \"Tiger occupancy within the state is about 322 sq km.\" It attributes this to the phase-I monitoring that reported the occupancy of six species of carnivores, with the leopard occupying the large area of 1611.28 sq km, and sloth bears, jackal, wild dog and tiger in 322 sq km.When contacted, additional principal chief conservator of forests Richard D'Souza told TOI, \"The WII report has not given specific numbers of carnivores if any, rather they have given about zoning areas.\"Amrutsingh, president, Animal Rescue Squad, Bicholim, said, \"It is surprising for us that status of wildlife in the state of Goa has not mentioned anything about tiger movements, when the area has the presence of a tigress, cubs and a male tiger.\"Paresh Parob, the newly-appointed range forest officer of the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary said, \"We are aware about the tigers' movements in the sanctuary and the department has taken necessary steps for the protection of the big cats.\"Times ViewAfter years of hearing the government deny the tiger's presence in Goa, despite the pug marks, the scats, the cattle attacks and in 2009 a very disturbing photo of a slain big cat in Keri, the Wildlife Institute of India's report is a refreshing change. Details would have, of course, corroborated the cause vastly. It's now left to be seen whether the government can change its own stripes on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14399680", "title": "Synod suspends bishop Cleemis", "text": "KOCHI: The synod and the working committee of the Malankara Jacobite Syrian Church has decided to suspend Kuriakose Mar Cleemis, former bishop of Idukki diocese, from official service. The bishop has been asked to keep away from all public functions and stay at the St Gregorios Retreat Centre, Thoothutty, near Kottayam till further orders.The bishop had stirred up controversy when he alleged that he paid Catholicos Baselios Thomas I Rs 3 crore to be selected as the metropolitan. The church reacted by ousting the bishop from all official duties citing financial irregularities and misconduct. But later, Yuhanon Mar Philoxenos, former bishop of Malabar, came forward to support Cleemis who said that the church is monopolized by a caucus comprising the Catholicos and the church secretary.The meeting held at Puthenkurisu Patriarchal Centre on Monday was chaired by Catholicos Baselios Thomas I, and attended by 19 bishops. The synod also decided to appoint a committee of four bishops to study the allegations raised by the bishop, and submit the report to the synod and working committee, which would be later sent to the Patriarch.\"The church cannot accept the statements made by the bishop as they created confusion among believers,\" said synod secretary Joseph Mar Gregorios.The synod has also asked the bishop to get the service of lawyers to settle his liabilities as there have been several complaints against him regarding this. \"He would be under the control of the church as we need to settle the issue without creating further controversy,\" said Mar Gregorios. Bishop Cleemis did not attend the synod.The Synod and the working committee of the Malankara Jacobite Syrian Church has decided to suspend Kuriakose Mar Cleemis, former bishop of Idukki diocese, from official service. The bishop has been asked to keep away from all public functions, and stay at St Gregorios Retreat Centre, Thoothutty, near Kottayam till further orders.The bishop had created a controversy when he alleged that he paid Catholicos Baselios Thomas I Rs 3 crore to be selected as the metropolitan. And the church reacted by ousting the bishop from all official duties citing financial irregularities and misconduct. But later, Yuhanon Mar Philoxenos, former bishop of Malabar, came forward to support Cleemis who said that the church is monopolised by a caucus comprising the Catholicos and church secretary.The meeting held at Puthenkurisu Patriarchal Centre on Monday was chaired by Catholicos Baselios Thomas I, and attended by 19 bishops. The synod also decided to appoint a committee of four bishops to study the allegations raised by the bishop, and submit the report to the synod and working committee, which would be later sent to the Patriarch.\"The church cannot accept the statements made by the bishop as they created confusion among the believers,\" said Joseph Mar Gregorios, synod secretary.The synod has also asked the bishop to get the service of lawyers to settle his liabilities as there has been many complaints against him regarding this, he said.\"He would be under the control of the church as we need to settle the issue without creating further controversy,\" said Mar Gregorios.Bishop Cleemis did not attend the synod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396355", "title": "Man shoots at wife, arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: A man shot at his wife (50) over frequent domestic disputes in Harmara police station area on Monday. The wife sustained bullet injuries on her left leg and is undergoing treatment at SMS Hospital. The police have arrested the accused.According to the police, the incident took place in Chop village. \"Gopal Lal Bawaria and his wife Prem Devi used to fight frequently over petty domestic issues,\" said a police officer.He added that they had a fight on Monday morning also. \"Gopal Lal suddenly opened fire on his wife using a country-made gun. She sustained pellet injuries on her left leg,\" said the officer.He added that some neighbours informed the police following which a team from Harmara police station was rushed to the spot. The woman was brought to the SMS Hospital due to her critical condition.\"Doctors say that her leg might have to be surgically removed, but she would survive,\" said the officer.Gopal Lal escaped from the house. The police later traced him and booked him under section 307 of IPC. The police have recovered the gun used in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14396612", "title": "Only 16% sowing in Amravati division, farmers wait for rains", "text": "AMRAVATI: Irregular rainfall in the region has brought sowing operation in Amravati region to a halt. Only 16% sowing has been reported from Amravati division while two districts of cotton belt have seen practically no sowing due to insufficient rainfall.After a prolonged wait, the rain gods smiled on Vidarbha region last week and farmers had geared up for sowing operations. Amravati district reported good rainfall last week, after which some farmers had started sowing operations though some preferred to wait for arrival of regular rainfall.Unfortunately, the rains disappeared after Tuesday. Farmers who had started sowing discontinued it after rains disappeared and preferred to wait for more rains. Sowing operations have yet to start in full swing in Amravati division while in Akola and Amravati districts no sowing has started.The division had reported 16% sowing till June 22. In Yavatmal, 26% sowing was reported while in Washim around 28% farmers have completed sowing operation. In Buldhana, 17% farmers have finished sowing operation. Amravati and Akola districts have reported only 3% and 8% sowing respectively. The sowing scenario of Amravati division is better as compared to last year. Last year, by the end of June, only 9% sowing operations had been reported.Agriculture superintendent Kisan Mule admitted sowing operations have been hampered. Some farmers have sowed cotton, jowar, bajra and black gram but it is yet to start in full swing. Farmers are waiting for more rainfall, he said.Janrao Pawar, a farmer who owns five acre land said that he has finished sowing and now desperately waiting for good rainfall. He said he is apprehensive whether rainfall will pick up in next few days. Another farmer said he started sowing after good rainfall but due to disappearance of rains from last few days, he has stopped and will wait for more rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14399872", "title": "Civic polls: Candidates pitch in at final hour to reap dividends", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the last day of the campaigning for local bodies' elections on Monday, candidates contesting election for the post of mayor visited different parts of the city seeking votes in their favour.A public meeting was organised at Government Press crossing in support of Congress candidate for the post of mayor, Sheree Wadhawan in which senior party leaders including Pramod Tiwari, Rajendra Tripathi, Satya Prakash Malviya urged the gathering to vote for an educated and enlightened person like Wadhawan who would work towards all round development of the city.Another candidate and wife of former city president of Samajwadi Party Suman Srivastava visited Sarvodaya Nagar, Allahpur, Tilak Nagar, Baghambari Gaddi area. During her meeting with the residents, she said that her focus would be to beautify the city and help the citizens to get rid of civic woes seeking co-operation of state chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav.Independent candidate, Anju Dubey while visiting Bairana, Malakraj, Indrapuri, Ramman Ka Pura, Bamrauli assured the residents that issues related to water, power, sanitation and health would be addressed in the right earnest. Besides this, beautification of city parks would also be taken up. Independent candidate Jamunotri Devi Gupta also toured several localities and met the voters assuring them of taking up development of the city on a priority basis and addressing civic woes at the earliest.Dr Vidula Dilip, also met voters in Sohabatia Bagh, Chandralok crossing, South Malaka, Muthiganj, Gaughat, Chaukhandi and Kydganj, Labour crossing and Mumfordganj. She assured to take up their problems and bring them to the notice of authorities concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14398668", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration cracks down on 29 midday meal premises", "text": "PANAJI: Cracking down on the \"sanitation and hygiene\" at 29 midday meal premises in Sattari, Bardez, Bicholim, Tiswadi, Vasco, Margao and Cotalim recently, the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) served improvement notices to some of these establishments and directed them to ensure that cleanliness and hygiene are maintained.Stating that \"minor sanitation lapses\" were observed at these premises, FDA director Salim Velji told TOI that the FDA conducted a special drive after the commencement of the new academic year to check sanitation and hygienic conditions at premises where midday meals are prepared and supplied to schools. \"The food operators have been served with improvement notices and directed to rectify the lapses and ensure that cleanliness and hygienic conditions are maintained,\" Velji said.The lapses noticed were: Washing areas not properly cleaned, missing sanitary health cards for workers involved in cooking and the general cleanliness of kitchens. Around 81 self help groups have been registered with the education department to supply midday meals to 1,559 schools which covers around 1.65 lakh students across the state. The midday meal scheme was launched in Goa from the year 2005-06He also said that FDA will continue with its drive and visit other midday meal establishments across the state to check for sanitary and hygienic conditions. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had said that the government would set up a cluster of 30 to 40 hygienically maintained kitchens where they would allow self help groups to cook midday meals for school children.FDA food safety officers in association with the sanitary inspectors of the urban health centre, Panaji, recently also conducted a joint inspection of 22 food establishments and eating houses to check for sanitary and hygienic conditions. \"The defaulters have been issued with various improvement notices and directed to rectify lapses observed,\" said Velji, adding that the lapses were: Exhaust fans not working, kitchen not insect-proof and unclean washing areas. The FDA also started a special survey to check for adulteration in milk supply from other states to the dairies in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14399003", "title": "Caste documents can be given within 3 months of admission", "text": "PUNE: Students applying for backward class quota seats in professional courses like engineering, pharmacy, architecture and hotel management and catering technology have been allowed to submit their caste validity certificate (CVC) within three months of admission for academic year 2012-13.However, these students will have to furnish an undertaking on Rs 100 stamp paper stating that they will provide the CVC within three months of their admission. A specimen of the undertaking, Proforma 'H', has been posted on the website: www.dte.org.in/fe2012.This follows the directorate of technical education's (DTE) decision to relax its earlier condition that made submission of CVCs by students mandatory at the time of admission. The decision comes as a huge relief for students who have been struggling to get the CVCs from the issuing authorities on time due to the large volume of pleas handled by the latter.Joint director of DTE Dayanand Meshram, who issued a notification regarding the relaxed norm, has said that the relaxation is applicable only for AY 2012-13. From AY 2013-14, the candidates will have to furnish their CVC at the time of admission.It may be noted that admissions sought against statutory quota for backward class students is subject to confirmation on the basis of the caste validity certificate issued by caste validity committees that are constituted by the department of social justice and special assistance.Each year, these committees receive a large number of applications for CVCs for various purposes including education and employment. Scrutiny of these documents for the purpose of issuing the CVC usually takes time ranging from three to six months.The department of higher and technical education had issued a government resolution on January 3 declaring that submission of CVC at the time of confirmation of admission will be mandatory for backward class students from AY 2012-13.However, the department received complaints from several students, who argued that they were facing difficulty in securing the CVC on time and that the GR be implemented from next year instead of this year. The department eventually conceded their plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14395781", "title": "Thane may free 150 acres for recreation, public use", "text": "THANE: Thane citizens may get 150 acres for recreation and public use as the civic body is on a mission to acquire over 100 plots under the Development Control Rules. Civic chief RA Rajeev has disbursed Rs 79 lakh for an assessment of plots by the district revenue officials and the town planning departments.Under new development control rules, Thane's citizens may get close to 150 acres of land for public use and recreation. Civic chief R A Rajeev has decided to supplement the city'z green zone has already worked to acquire close to 20 garden plots and an additional five plots reserved for playground facilities.Municipal Corporation on a mission to acquire over 100 plots reserved for playground facilities. under the Development Control Rules, citizens may get 150 acres for recreation and public use.Civic chief RA Rajeev has taken up the task to supplement the city's green zone by acquiring close to 20 garden plots and another five plots reserved for playground facilities.A bulk of the other plots have been reserved for schools, markets, hospitals, library and welfare centre, parking and to house project-hit people, it is learnt.Rajeev has disbursed Rs 79 lakh for an assessment of plots by the district revenue officials and the town planning departments.A final report on the status of these plots is expected to be submitted to him by this week.Thane's draft development plan which was prepared way back in 1987 and after a lengthy process of inviting suggestions and objections the plan document was approved in 1999.Official said at the time of finalization of the city's development plan as many as 804 plots were reserved for public purposes. Subsequent amendments to the coastal regulation zone and the stringent measures of forest department, reduced the reserved plot cover with the corporation having to forego as many as 115 such plots.However, the slow pace of administration, political interference and growing need for space resulted in massive encroachments of these once-open plots. In the process, more than 240 plots were usurped by slumlords and the land mafia leaving a miniscule percentage of land for upgrading the city's civic infrastructure.The sudden real estate boom between 1995 and 2000 and the builder-political-bureaucrat nexus growing strong, the civic authorities were busy sanctioning residential and commercial projects, giving scarce attention to acquiring reserved plots, it is learnt.Rajeev, however, has decided to secure these reserved plots and is understood to have given clear instructions to the civic officials to implement the reservation as decided over a decade back.Critics, however, said the task is simple said than done as most of these reserved plots have been completely encroached upon by slum settlements or are privately owned. The corporation would have to shell out huge funds exceeding several hundred crores to purchase these plots from the owners. The move is expected to trigger off a litany of litigations with the private land-owners contesting the acquisition in the courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14400195", "title": "How ethical it is for doctors to strike work, Supreme Court asks IMA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court did not stay Monday's nation-wide strike by the 1.78 lakh-strong Indian Medical Association (IMA) because of impracticality of implementation of its order but agreed to examine the ethicality of strike by doctors.A bench of Justices HL Gokhale and Gyan Sudha Misra expected doctors not to resort to such measures in the interest of the public and said the PIL filed by NGO 'People for Better Treatment (PBT)' had given very good reasons for judicial scrutiny of the petition raising important questions of law and ethics.The bench, while seeking IMA's response to the PIL in four weeks, said it would not order a stay on IMA's decision asking its members to strike work on June 25 as it would be difficult to ensure implementation of such a direction.The Centre told the court through senior advocate TS Doabia that a strike by doctors was impermissible. Petitioner's counsel senior advocate M N Krishnamani said the strike breached the Hippocratic oath, which is a promise by healthcare professionals to practice medicine ethically and honestly.The NGO had filed the PIL through advocate Rabin Majumder last week and it came up for hearing on Friday. However, the matter could not be taken up for hearing on Friday as one of the judges on the bench recused citing personal reasons.The petitioner said the strike violated several provisions of the Code of Ethics and Regulations framed by the Medical Council of India, which included maintaining good medical practice, obligation to sick and promise not to neglect the patient.A strike by doctors has adverse impact on health services, especially in India which has abysmally low doctor-patient ratio -- one doctor for 1,953 people or a density of 0.5 doctors per 1,000 population. It is accentuated by the acute shortage of nurses and other healthcare personnel.In 2011, India had 6.12 lakh registered allopathic doctors. According to Planning Commission data, it would take India at least 17 more years before achieving the World Health Organization's recommended norm of one doctor per 1,000 people.IMA had called the strike protesting against introduction of National Commission for Human Resources in Health (NCHRH) Bill, 2011, implementation of Clinical Establishment Act warranting certain standards for clinics run in small localities and demanding complete revamp of the health regulator, Medical Council of India.IMA claims that NCHRH bill would render elected regulatory bodies like MCI, Dental Council of India, Pharmacist Council and Nursing Council redundant, allowing concentration of unhindered regulatory powers in the government as its nominees would form majority in the proposed health commission.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397282", "title": "Water supply to be hit today", "text": "BANGALORE: Your taps will go dry on today due to power failure at the Harohalli pumping station near Cauvery on Monday. The pumps were not operational for about half an hour and Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB) said many areas of the city won't get water till Tuesday afternoon.\"There was an earthing problem at the Harohalli pumping station. As this station is responsible for supply of water from the Cauvery Water Supply Scheme, we expect a shortage. The pumps were started within half an hour, but pumps work on a 48-hour cycle which is why the flow will be full only by Tuesday afternoon,\" said T Venkatraju, engineer-in-chief, BWSSB. The pumps were shut between 11.55am and 12.20pm on Monday.\"Either a power shutdown or a problem in the pumps stops water supply to Bangalore. Isn't this ridiculous? If civic bodies cannot ensure proper water and electricity to citizens, how will the city grow?\" asked Neena Jose, homemaker and resident of New Byappanahalli Extension. She was worried because she doesn't have a borewell or a sump to store water.\"Such information at short notice is not acceptable. BWSSB must let people about these things through mobile phones,\" said Shahsank V Rao, techie and resident of Ramamurthynagar. He also pointed out that eastern Bangalore anyway doesn't get regular supply from BWSSB and to add to their woes, such glitches make life difficult for residents.BWSSB said those areas where water is supplied in the evening won't be affected much.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396033", "title": "Senior civilian official arrested in NDA recruitment scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI on Monday arrested senior civilian official S S Waghmare, head of the establishment section at the National Defence Academy (NDA), in connection with the recruitment scam. The total number of arrests in the scam has gone up to seven.CBI officials said Waghmare, who was posted at NDA in 2011, was one of the conduits who allegedly collected money for a job. He is believed to have taken money from over 15 prospective applicants. Another arrested accused, Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to the NDA commandant, was also posted at NDA in the same period.\"Waghmare's department was responsible for framing and issuing advertisements, collecting applications, preparing applicants' list and giving it to the presiding officer of the Board of Officers and sending letters to successful applicants. We believe the money-exchange started here as he would come in contact with job-seekers,\" said senior CBI officials.The CBI on Saturday arrested six people, including Colonel Kulbir Singh, civilian staffer Ramesh Gaikwad and canteen manager Balkishen Kanojia. CBI sources said Kanojia has allegedly collected bribe from over 25 people. \"He has been a contractor in NDA for years and is the sole supplier of chicken, a caterer for cadets who return to NDA in the exclusive trains meant for them after vacations in June and also supplies manpower to the laundry section. He was a known man and knew influential people in NDA to get work done,\" said CBI officials.NDA had advertised for filling up 97 posts of lower division clerks and class IV employees. The result for clerks was declared on June 17.The CBI could not continue questioning Colonel A K Singh, a physical training officer, as he has been hospitalized due to high blood pressure. Singh is being questioned as he held an important but supplementary post of the presiding officer of the board of officers, set up to recommend prospective job applicants. An NDA spokersperson confirmed Singh's hospitalization.The CBI was questioning A K Singh to find out whether he was working alongside the staff officer. Kulbir did not have the authority to recommend appointments, which lay exclusively with the board. So, if the board gave positive recommendation, the chances of ineligible candidates securing jobs increased and that's why it was necessary to investigate A K Singh,'' said a senior CBI officer.Meanwhile, the NDA , in a statement, said that the institution's preliminary internal enquiry has shown alleged involvement of Kulbir Singh was \"probably an act of omission/ commission of his own\". \"Prima Facie, role of others in his action could not be established. We had also not received any complaints on any abnormality in the recruitment process,'' the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14403502", "title": "Big B hasn't slowed down due to ill health", "text": "Sources close to Amitabh Bachchan aren't amused by reports that the mega-star has slowed down due to ill health. \"Not true! He is fine. He's working round the clock. All these stories about his ill health being the cause for delay are nothing but excuses to deflect attention from the real reason for the delay,\" said a source close to him.In response to Shirish Kunder's claim that his dream project titled The Common Man has been uncommonly delayed because of Amitabh Bachchan's ill health, the actor said, \"We met on a few occasions and he discussed the idea with me. I have approved it. It is now up to him when he wishes to start the film. Once we are on set, only then can I say that I am 'doing' his film.\"The source revealed, \"Whether it is Shirish Kunder's The Common Man , Sudhir Mishra's Mehrunissa , Shoojit Sircar's Garden House or Mahesh Manjrekar's Natsamrat, the Big B has given his nod and is awaiting the final script.\"The source claimed the problems lie elsewhere. \"All I ask of filmmakers is not to blame the actor for the delay caused to projects. The Big B is certainly not convalescing at home, as is being made out to be. This false impression is being created to conceal the real problems plaguing troubled projects is just not acceptable to him. He has never delayed, nor ever will delay a project on health grounds,\" the source told.Speaking about the twin surgeries Bachchan underwent in April, the source added, \"The surgeries were planned carefully. They had been put off until he was free of all pending commitments. He went under the knife after completing Ram Gopal Varma's Department and before starting work on the new season of his television quiz show Kaun Banega Crorepati . It isn't his responsibility if film projects get delayed for various reasons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14398962", "title": "Another nursing home without licence found", "text": "PUNE: The civic health officials on Monday found one more nursing home operating without licence in the city.\"We will file a criminal case under the Nursing Home Registration Act against physician N D Tawade, who runs the Datta Memorial Clinic at Katraj. Our officials who inspected the clinic did not find any records of abortion there. But we will conduct further investigations,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Social worker Vandana Deshpande had registered a complaint with the PMC, saying that Tawade had been conducting all types of gynaecological procedures, including abortions, at his clinic and had buried foetuses in the vacant space on the premises.While admitting that his clinic was not registered with the PMC, Tawade claimed that he had been providing only consultation services to patients at the out patient department. He also said that he wanted to get the licence but could not get it in the absence of the building occupancy certificate which was denied by the builder.\"I admit that I did not register the facility with the civic body. Till recently, I had also been providing hospitalisation facility to patients. But I stopped that after the PMC served me a notice six months ago. Currently, I am using the clinic for provide only consultation. That's my only fault,\" Tawade said.\"The allegation that I conducted abortions and buried foetuses is completely baseless and false,\" added Tawade, who had been running the clinic since 2004-05.When contacted, inspector Sunil Yadav of Bharati Vidyapeeth police station said, \"The social worker didn't say anything concrete in her complaint. Whatever information she has is based on hearsay. Hence, we have not registered a case. However, considering the seriousness of the issue, we will excavate the vacant spaces on the building's premises.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14400532", "title": "RTO acquires heavy vehicles for election", "text": "KANPUR: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) had started acquiring heavy vehicles. The acquired vehicles were brought to the government polytechnic on Monday. Earlier, the RTO authorities had issued notices to the vehicle owners for submitting the vehicles for the election and warned legal action against those who do not comply.The RTO had issued notices to 1,500 vehicle owners to send the heavy vehicles. After the elections, the vehicles would be returned.These vehicles would be sent to different polling centres with the polling material like EVMs.Meanwhile, the staff on election and the police personnel would be given medicines for heat stroke and other ailments like headache, stomachache. This had been done on the instructions of State Election Commission.A health control room would remain functional at the tehsil and district level. Ambulances would remain deployed to serve the election staff, where first-aid kits would also be available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14397064", "title": "Private doctors' protest cripples health services", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than 3,000 private doctors in the city abstained from rendering their services barring emergency care in protest against several Acts and Bills related to health and medical care services on Monday. As many as 250 nursing homes, nearly 500 single clinics and 150 diagnostic centres including pathologies were closed in support of the nationwide strike called by the Indian Medical Association.The IMA had called the strike to protest against the proposed National Commission for Human Resources in Health (NCHRH) Bill-2011. The protesting doctors alleged that the proposed bill is aimed at curtailing autonomy of the medical profession.Many nursing homes in areas like IT Crossing, and Rana Pratap Marg were found closed. And those that were opened did not provide routine services. Moreover, patients in the OPDs were denied medical treatment. However, emergency care functioned in these nursing homes.A spot visit by TOI showed that nursing homes in Mahanagar area had absolutely no doctors. People who came there were referred to government hospitals. \"No medical treatment is provided to the patients today. However, those who were admitted yesterday are being treated,\" said Dr Nagma Khan at a nursing home in Mahanagar.Medical services also remained paralysed at a nursing home in Rana Pratap Marg. Gurmukh Singh, a farmer from Lakhimpur was shocked to know about the strike. \"I waited for the doctor for more than five hours. When I enquired, I came to know about the strike,\" said Singh adding that the attendants made false promises that the doctor will see him in the evening. A diabetic patient, Singh had to return back to his village without getting any treatment. Askok Upadhyay, an advocate who admitted his wife for ovary surgery on Sunday rued, \"My wife had to undergo an operation today, but there is no doctor to do the needful.\"Extending his sympathies to the patients and their family members, vice-president IMA Lucknow chapter Dr PK Gupta said, \"We sympathise with the patients and therefore, did not let the emergency care collapse. To make the government hear us, we had to take such a step.\"Terming the Centre's NCHRH Bill-2011 draconian, Dr Gupta said, \"The proposed bill says that a national commission would be constituted, which will be the monitoring body of doctors, but it will comprise of government nominees and not people from medical profession.\"Endorsing his views, secretary, Lucknow Nursing Home Association Dr Anup Agarwal said, \"As per the bill, if the commission punishes any doctor, then that order cannot be challenged in court. This provision is autocratic and against the basic rights guaranteed in The constitution. India is still a democratic country.\"In this regard, the doctors affiliated to IMA staged a protest at IMA Bhawan on Monday morning. Doctors are upset that the proposed NCHRH Bill will dissolve the Medical Council of India and other paramedical bodies like the Nursing Council of India and the Dental Council of India.The doctors fear that the said bill will be governed by government nominees instead of doctors and this will lead to vested interests. \"It is also likely to increase red-tapism and lead to harassment of doctors,'' said a doctor. The medicos strongly opposed the implementation of the Clinical Establishment Act. Doctors fear that this Act will promote license raj and unleash corruption at all levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398257", "title": "Debris on road: Authorities pass the buck", "text": "NEW DELHI: A park becomes a dump, overflowing construction waste floods the pavement and constricts an arterial road outside, but all that the authorities do is plead ignorance and pass the buck. In a perverse alignment of private interests and official apathy, a part of the road from Moolchand flyover to Nehru Place has been buried under rubble.The problem spot lies within 100 metres of a five-star hotel and upscale colonies like Greater Kailash-I, Kailash Colony, Hemkunt Colony and the main Nehru Place market.Locals say construction debris has been dumped on the road for weeks now. The violation started from the adjoining Aastha Kunj Park, and slowly the waste spilled through the park's broken boundary wall. \"The dumping takes place at night. Builders from the neighbouring area bring truckloads of broken bricks, tiles and other building material and dump it here,\" said Nikhil Dwivedi, a resident of Kailash Colony, adding, \"Police have failed to take action against those responsible, or get it cleared, even as driving becomes more difficult by the day.\"Walking is a bigger hazard along this road. With a mound of debris blocking the pavement, people have to step down onto the busy carriageway.Delhi Development Authority ( DDA), which maintains Aastha Kunj Park, blames the municipal corporation for failing to clear the road and the pavement. \"The debris lies on the main road and pavement that is maintained by MCD . There is no debris inside the park, the horticulture department has informed us,\" said spokesperson Neemo Dhar.A senior official of the municipal corporation, however, said the stretch on which the debris lies belongs to the public works department. \"We handed it over to PWD in March. It is their responsibility to clear the debris. They have been informed,\" the official said. PWD did not respond to TOI's calls and text messages.However, late on Monday evening, Satyendra Garg, joint-CP, traffic, said police posted at the traffic intersection had not informed about the obstruction. \"This is a traffic hazard and puts pedestrians at risk of walking on the carriageway. I will take up the matter with the concerned civic authorities immediately and ensure that the debris is removed by Tuesday. Also, we will try to track down people who dump the debris and take action against them,\" said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14405216", "title": "Employment opportunities for disabled bleak in Northeast", "text": "GUWAHATI: The prevailing employment scenario for people with disabilities in the Northeast is very bleak with an estimated 83 per cent of them being unemployed.Of the 17 per cent employed disabled people, women constitute just four per cent, according to a study conducted by the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai, in collaboration with an NGO called \"Shishu Sarothi\".\"The primary aim of the study was to assess the employment needs of persons with disability so that it would be possible to make appropriate intervention on livelihood issues,\" Shishu Sarothi's Project Cooridnator Monideepa Choudhury said.The study reveals that 51.7 per cent of the disabled people are afflicted with vision impairment, 18.9 per cent with locomotor disability, 15.5 per cent with hearing impairment, 6.9 per cent with mental retardation, five per cent with speech retardation and 1.9 per cent with mental illness.Also 0.3 per cent of them have 'developmental' and multiple disability.The study further reveals that about 80 per cent of the organisations do not follow the government norms of fulfilling the mandated three per cent reservation of people with disabilities as per the PWD Act of 1995.Another major problem being faced by people with disabilities is that almost half of the population do not have a disability certificate, a handicap which bars them from all employment opportunities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396348", "title": "46 H1N1 cases 'not worrisome': BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic authorities are insistent that H1N1 cases in the city are sporadic and nothing to worry about. But statistics suggest otherwise. While 46 positive cases of H1N1 have been reported between April and June so far, there were zero cases in Mumbai during the corresponding period last year.Dr Anil Bandivadekar, executive health officer, attributed it to more awareness. \"We cannot say there has been any spurt in cases so far this year. People are occasionally testing positive and we are closely monitoring those cases too,\" he said. On Sunday, a private laboratory sent its reports to the BMC saying seven people tested positive for H1N1. He said it was a weekly report and not clusters of cases coming positive together. Twelve people have tested positive in June itself.Dr A C Mishra, director of Pune's National Institute of Virology, also maintained that globally, the virus has taken the character of a seasonal influenza virus. \"We have been constantly monitoring its behaviour. There have been no major variations to worry about. Mutations, too, are normal like what other viruses go through,\" he said.The virus, Mishra added, has been affecting all age groups alike. This also came forth in the Sunday cases that turned out to be positive. A six-year-old girl from Mahim and a 57-year-old woman from Bandra tested positive and were put on Tamiflu.Barring the 36-year-old man from Malad, who had to be admitted to a private hospital, all patients were treated on an outpatient basis. Infectious diseases consultant Dr Om Srivastava said that although monsoon is here, there has not been a significant rise in H1N1 cases. \"We are seeing cases in Kasturba Hospital but that is a nodal centre. Otherwise there are not many cases in the community.\"He, however, said that people have to remain alert. \"There is a lot of awareness about getting tested and treated.\"The H1N1 influenza has claimed 16 lives in the state since April this year and affected more than 260 individuals. Dr Pradeep Awate, state epidemiologist, said monsoon was favourable for the growth of the virus but it is nothing that cannot be curbed by staying alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14399000", "title": "Bumper paddy crop expected this season", "text": "PANAJI: With the rain Gods smiling down on Goa, the agriculture department is gearing up for a bumper paddy crop this khareef season.Considering that paddy is Goa's prime crop, the department has distributed around 400 tonnes of paddy seeds to about 12,000 farmers in Goa at 50% subsidy, director of agriculture Satish Tendulkar told TOI on Monday.While the price of paddy seed is 28 per kg in the open market, the agriculture department has provided the paddy seeds at 14 per kg. Three types of paddy seeds have been distributed - Jaya, Jyoti and Karzat III. Goa has about 35,000 hectares of land under paddy during khareef season. During the last three years, the state's paddy production during khareef has remained stable at around 110,000 tonnes.Tendulkar said Goa's paddy productivity is about 3,600 kg per hectare, which is reasonably good when compared to the national average of 3,200 kilos per hectare. \"But we have to increase it to about 5,000 kg per hectare to make paddy cultivation a more viable activity,\" the agriculture director said.Tendulkar said around 44 government-owned tractors are being provided to farmers for ploughing their fields. Besides, about 28 tractors from the private sector are being made available to farmers where the government is paying 75% subsidy. Farmers can also utilize power tillers to prepare their fields for paddy planting at a 75% subsidy.Goan farmers need about 800 tonnes of fertilizers during the khareef season. Tendulkar said the government has requested Zuari Industries Limited to keep fertilizers ready and the company has already brought in fertilizers from various places to boost their stocks in the state.The state gives no subsidy on fertilizer as this is already subsidized by the government of India. But in an important step, the state has recently announced an 'assured' price of 17 per kg for paddy to farmers. \"It is an assured price, not a support price,\" said Tendulkar. \"The farmer is sure of getting a minimum price of 17 per kg for paddy now.\"The 'support price' for paddy was earlier 7 per kg and the enhanced 'assured price' of 17 per kg of paddy was announced by chief minister Manohar Parrikar on June 11. Sugarcane has also been given assured price of 2,400 per ton. For protection of crops, the government is providing 90% subsidy for installing solar-powered battery fencing and 50% subsidy for other types of fencing systems. Plant protection equipment like sprayers, dusters, etc. are also being provided at 75% subsidized costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14399690", "title": "Consider finding land for building bus shelters: HC to corporation", "text": "KOCHI: The high court directing the corporation to consider finding new land for setting up bus shelters in the city has opened a new chapter in the ongoing fight between the public works department (PWD) and Kochi Corporation over the right to set up and operate facilities on public roads.The corporation had been planning to set up 51 new bus shelters along Kochi's arterial roads - MG Road, Banerjee Road, Park Avenue, Shanmughom Road, Kaloor-Kadavanthara Road, Kaloor-Edappally Road and Kaloor-Kakkanad Road.The court's directive came after Max View Media Solutions, the company that has been awarded the contract for the project by the corporation, approached the court when PWD obstructed construction.When Max View began work on bus shelters, PWD objected saying public roads are vested with the department as per the Highway Protection Act and that the corporation didn't have the right to construct bus shelters. The corporation's contention is that it has the right over footpaths, bus shelters and telephone poles according to The Kerala Municipality Act of 1994, and therefore can build and operate bus shelters.Advocate P M Siraj, who appeared for Max View, argued that the corporation was liable to identify new land for implementing the project according to the agreement executed by the civic body and the company. In the agreement, the corporation had agreed to find places for re-locating the bus shelters if any obstruction was caused to the work, he contended. The company also pointed out that it had filed an application before the Corporation Town Planning Officer for finding new land, as agreed in the contract, but that the corporation wasn't taking any action.Justice C K Abdul Rehim, who heard the petition, ruled that the corporation should consider the company's application to find new land and arrive at a decision within two weeks. A similar fight between the PWD and the corporation over right to levy parking fee was finally settled last year through a high-level meeting of officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14399748", "title": "Government sets up panel to review power projects on Ganga", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office has constituted an inter-ministerial committee headed by Planning Commission member B K Chaturvedi to review existing and ongoing hydroelectric projects on Ganga and its tributaries. The committee has been tasked to submit its report in three months.The panel will recommend the flow that should be maintained in the Ganga and its tributaries. It will also suggest how the existing power projects should be altered to achieve the required flow keeping in mind the impact on tariffs. It will also review the environmental clearance granted to existing and upcoming projects and suggest what changes need to be made to the conditions laid down for those who get the nod.The committee includes representatives from the ministries of environment, power, and water resources and other authorities and research institutions. From outside the government, the PMO has chosen director general of Centre for Science and Environment Sunita Narain, former professor of IIT-BHU and mahant of Sankat Mochan temple at Varanasi Virbhadra Mishra and head of Tarun Bharat Sangh Rajendra Singh.The committee has been asked to take into view the existing reports of institutions like IIT Roorkee and Wildlife Institute of India and has been empowered to call any government official or other experts for consultation as well.The panel was set up after intense pressure from some Hindu religious leaders and activists, including Rajendra Singh, demanding greater action by the government to maintain the flow and purity of the river. The PMO held several parleys on the issue after the religious leaders warned of upping the ante in the coming months.While the government also considered the possibility of upgrading the existing National Ganga River Basin Authority to the level of an independent commission along the lines of the National Human Rights Commission through a new law, that has been put on the backburner with the PMO keen to set up the committee under Chaturvedi.Narain and Singh are also members of NGRBA, a meeting of which was last called with activist G D Agarwal sitting on a hunger strike against government inaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398255", "title": "Nabbed 26/11 plotter also wanted for Kalupur railway station blast", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Finally, the mystery behind the RDX blast at Kalupur railway station of 2006 could be solved. The arrest of terror mastermind Abu Hamza alias Abu Jindal alias Sayed Zabiuddin in Delhi has got the city police hopeful of cracking the case.Zabiuddin is wanted in at least two cases of terror conspiracy in the city. The Gujarat police are likely to seek his custody after Mumbai police finish questioning the 26/11 accused.The blast at Ahmedabad railway station took place early on February 19, 2006. It was a Sunday. At 1.43 am a powerful explosion rocked the station leaving 25 injured. It was pure luck that there were not many people when the explosion took place. Investigations had revealed that Zabiuddin was the bomb-maker in this case.The 1kg RDX consignment was concealed in a suitcase which was kept on a stack of plastic crates containing cold drink bottles near a kiosk on platform number two. Police investigators then suspected that the bomb was supposed to explode on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad Karnavati Express. But, the terrorists had made a mistake while setting the timer of the Improvised Explosive Device (IED).\"Owing to an error in setting the timer of the IED, the blast took place late in the night. The terrorists had planned to set off the bomb in the afternoon, immediately after the train left Mumbai,\" said ATS officials. Though there are others who doubt this theory. Now, with the arrest of the mastermind, the cops are hoping to solve this riddle.The incident was probed by Gujarat ATS and five persons were arrested. Mohammed Aslam alias Aslam Kashmiri alias Mohammed Yunus alias Maulana alias Imran Gazi Mohammed Latif was the fifth accused to be arrested and chargesheeted in this case in 2010. Earlier, a police constable Kamlesh Bhagora, Mohammed Ilyas Memon, Mohammed Aamir and Saiyed Aqib were arrested in the case.As per the chargesheet, Aslam was found in possession of a mobile phone through which he was in constant contact with the other accused. He has been charged with instigating others to avenge 2002 communal riots of Gujarat. Police have also claimed that a CD containing footage of 2002 violence was recovered from him. Aslam was nabbed by Delhi police and Gujarat ATS brought him to the city through a transfer warrant on November 29, 2009.In the chargesheet, ATS had termed the terror attack as an attempt to avenge the riots. According to the cops, the accused had carried out the blast at the behest of Pakistan-based terror outfit, Lashkar-e-Taiba. Four others including Zabiuddin were still wanted in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396362", "title": "Borivli broker murder: Cops comb forest near Arnala", "text": "MUMBAI: The Borivli police have been combing the forest near Arnala to trace the remains of bank loan agent Sanjay Chavan, who was abducted and killed two years ago, allegedly by property broker Gopal Pandey and his associates.Chavan's body had been doused with petrol and set on fire back in March 2010, making it difficult for investigators to locate even his bones. In a chillingly similar manner, Pandey and his aides had abducted and killed Nitin Dhakan, a Borivli-based developer, in April this year at Manor. Officials now suspect that Pandey, who has not shown any remorse for his crimes, could have been involved in more killings.Chavan (48) resided at Shivaji Nagar in Borivli with wife Supriya and two daughters. He had offered to buy a luxury car for Pandey on a loan. But when Chavan was unable to procure the car, Pandey felt humiliated. Besides this, Chavan had also offered to get a loan for Pandey's aide Afzal Shaikh, by mortgaging the latter's house. Chavan took lakhs of rupees from Afzal on the pretext of expediting the loan process. He complained to Pandey when Chavan was unable to get the loan sanctioned.On March 11, 2010, Chavan had gone to a temple at Shimpoli in Borivli. Pandey and his aides accosted him and took him to a cowshed and thrashed him. After a few hours, the accused bundled Chavan into an Innova and took him to Arnala where he was thrashed again,\" said investigating officer Ravi Adane. Chavan was confined for sometime, before the accused once again headed for Arnala with him. Pandey's driver, Shashikant Yadav, purchased cans of petrol. Around 8pm, they steered into a forest at Arnala where they killed Chavan and set his body afire.Besides Pandey, Shashikant and Afzal, three others were involved in the case. They were identified as Harun Shaikh, Birbal Singh and Ajay Yadav. The vehicle used in the abduction was seized. \"Harun and Birbal were also involved in the Dhakan killing. We suspect Pandey changed associates for every offence that he committed,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14397066", "title": "Child marriage rules to get tougher", "text": "MADURAI: In an effort to curb frequent incidents of child marriages in the district, district collector Anshul Mishra issued a warning of legal action against all service providers assisting any child marriage. Service providers include owners of private marriage halls, printing press owners, authorities managing community halls and temple authorities.In an official statement on Monday, the collector stated that the district administration had prevented a number of child marriages in the district in the last few months. He also instructed service providers to check the age proof of the bride and bridegroom before allowing the marriage to be held. Printing press owners too were asked to check the age proof before printing the wedding invitations.\"Failing to adhere to these norms will be considered as assisting the child marriage and action will be taken under the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act, 2006. Under this act, service providers will be considered as aides to the marriage and will be arrested under non-bailable sections with a punishment of a two-year arrest and Rs 1 lakh fine or both,\" the collector warned. \"Besides, licenses of marriage halls will be cancelled and the marriage hall owners, temple authorities, printing press owners will be prosecuted. In case of community halls, the village panchayat presidents managing the halls will be prosecuted,\" he added.The district administration also encouraged the public to inform the administration about any child marriages. Public can call the information centre at the collectorate on 0452-2526888 or 0452-2521444. They can also contact the District Social Welfare Officer on 0452-2530258 or 9443465964 to pass on any information. \"Strict confidentiality will be maintained about the persons giving information,\" Mishra assured.Jim Jesudoss, chairman of the Child Welfare sCommittee said the move would pressurise service providers to stop child marriages. \"It will certainly help to some extent and they will be forced to inform the police authorities,\" he said. However, S Selva Gomathi of SOCO trust stressed that community awareness is the key factor in preventing such marriages.\"Community awareness will help in the long run but the education of the girl child should also be given more thrust. There are some government schemes in this regard and they should be implemented at the grass root level,\" Jim added. \"The phenomenon of eloping should also be studied in child marriages,\" says Selva Gomathi. In certain cases, the parents resorted to get the minors married after they eloped, to prevent further disgrace. \"It has been observed that cases of eloping are very high during the summer months after the school ends. Creating a friendly atmosphere for children at home will certainly prevent such instances of eloping and parents should be thoroughly sensitised in this regard,\" she stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14399966", "title": "Huge parcel of contraband items seized in prison", "text": "COIMBATORE: Prison officials have seized a big parcel from the high security block on Monday morning. The parcel contained 27 mobile phones, five chargers, four multiple chargers, 24 ear phones, four extra batteries, 191 bundles of beedi, 14 cigarette packets, one torch light with a set of batteries, one mini DVD player, 351 Tamil film DVDs, two set of playing cards and 18 ghutka packets.On Monday around 6.20 am, the parcel was thrown from outside the prison towards the gallows. Immediately, three prisoners took the parcel into the high security block. Meanwhile, one of the prison warders had spotted the parcel and tried to stop the prisoners. But the main gate of block number 10 was locked.The warder informed his superiors about the incident and a special search team was formed by prison SP A Murugesan. The team had searched the block for an hour. But they could not find the parcel. Later, two warders went to the open terrace of the block and found the parcel which had been opened.The warders handed it over to SP Murugesan. The prison officials later conducted a thorough search to find if there were any missing contraband items in possession of the prisoners.\"We have seized the parcel and a thorough investigation will be conducted in the coming days,\" said Murugesan.Prison officials have lodged a complaint with Race Course police station on Monday night.According to sources, some warders were suspected to be involved in the supply and sale of contraband items inside the Coimbatore Central Prison. Senior prison authorities have assured of stringent action against those involved in the racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397150", "title": "Common Admission Process forms for general science drop by 6%, bifocal 3%", "text": "NAGPUR: Sale of forms for Common Admission Process (CAP) in general science faculty dropped by 6%, while that for bifocal faculty slipped by 3% as compared to last year. The form sales for CAP ended on Monday with total 18,560 forms being sold for general science while another 7,773 forms were sold for bifocal faculty. Last year, 20,092 forms had been sold for general science faculty and 7,994 for bifocal.PP Nikas, secretary of CAP Committee, said, \"We cannot say why there has been a drop in sale of forms as it cannot be generalized. Maybe more students are interested in other faculties or moving out - I really cannot comment on it.\"The CAP Committee has not yet tabulated the number of forms submitted for general science as the process ended Monday evening itself. Nikas said, \"We have started the process but we would be able to give you official statistics only on Tuesday. Also, a lot of students buy forms but do not complete the admission process.\"Data for bifocal form submission was however available since that process ended on Saturday itself. Of the 7,773 forms that were sold by CAP, only 5,772 were finally submitted. There are approximately 5,000 seats available in the bifocal faculty.Also, from this year Hislop College decided to opt out of CAP, pulling out just over 200 seats from the common merit list. Hislop was one of the preferred destinations for students as it offers both general science and bifocal courses.Form sales could have also dropped because of the commerce faculty being excluded from CAP. Some students would usually buy both commerce and science forms during the initial period when they are deliberating which path to choose. With thousands of commerce students out of reckoning, it is possible that the 6% drop could be directly related to it.BOXCAP IMPORTANT DATES:June 26:First list of students. Applications for corrections will be accepted.June 29:Final merit listJune 30- July 8:Counselling", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398910", "title": "Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre doctors make a killing by treating private patients", "text": "NEW DELHI: Doctors are earning crores out of treating private patients at the Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre ( BMHRC) - a hospital set up on the orders of the Supreme Court to serve the gas tragedy victims free of cost.In 1991, the Supreme Court ordered that a 500-bed specialty hospital be set up at the cost of Union Carbide for free lifetime treatment of more than 5 lakh gas tragedy victims.Two decades later, it remains a 350-bed hospital with doctors milking it for crores every year from non-victims and all quite brazenly with the %approval of the central government which now runs the% hospital. Documents with TOI show that doctors in various specialty departments of the hospital earned Rs 2.81 crore in just the one-and-a-half year period since the Union government took over the hospital which was earlier run as a trust. The practice of making money off private patients and giving a substantial cut of that to the doctors has been going on for years now.These documents were accessed by the Bhopal Group for Information and Action - an activist group which has been working for the rights of the victims for several years - under the RTI Act.The doctors in the cardiology department made the most of it, earning Rs 81 lakh while the cardiothoracic and vascular surgery department made Rs 58.22 lakh and anaesthetics Rs 28.87 lakh in the one-and-a-half year period.Under government regulations, no doctor serving in a public hospital is allowed to earn from private practice and this hospital was specially mandated to not only treat the victims but also research on their specific ailments.Instead, the entire process has been institutionalized to make doctors earn at the cost of the victims. Forty per cent of what the hospital earned %from private patients was% paid to the doctors as their consultation fee. While this has been going on for years, even when the central government took over the hospital in July 2010 (it is now run by the Indian Council of Medical Research), it flouted its own regulations to offer the doctors the option to choose between the lucrative private earnings or the sixth pay commission salaries.In fact, TOI found one doctor openly soliciting more clients for his radiology labs from doctors across Madhya Pradesh through publicity material which is officially banned.This is not the first time, though, that the hospital has been mired in controversy. Between 2004 and 2008, doctors at the hospital carried out drug trials on hapless victims in violation of several norms and regulations - another source of money for them.Several of those treated died during the period of the trial but delays and lack of interest by the authorities ensured the cases were never fully ascertained and no one ever got punished.Documents with TOI show that not only have the doctors been minting crores at the hospital, they are doing so at the cost of the patients for whom the centre had been set up - the gas tragedy victims.While the hospital does treat a considerably large number of gas victims, it seems to have reserved disproportionate space for paying patients in specific departments. A comparison of the salaries and earnings from consultancy fee show that doctors make a killing, especially in some select departments.Take the example of the nephrology department where dialysis is done on people with failing kidneys. Thousands of gas tragedy victims suffer from renal problems and many need dialysis. But records show that the number of private patients shelling out money has been increasing at a steady rate whereas the number of gas victims remains stagnant.TOI reviewed several cases where legitimate gas victims requiring regular dialysis were turned away and asked to fend for themselves at private hospitals. A dialysis can cost anything up to Rs 3,000-5,000 per sitting with patients often requiring more than one a week.The hospital claims on its website that the central government agreed to treatment of private patients and claims the revenue generated from private patients is ploughed back into the hospital for treatment of gas victims and that it uses the vacant capacity for treating others. Documents with TOI show otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14400539", "title": "Civic polls: Campaigning comes to an end", "text": "KANPUR: The blazing sun and the hot weather failed to deter the candidates from canvassing in the civic elections to be held in the city. The contestants continued to campaign till 5 pm on last day of electioneering on Monday with enthusiasm and zeal.Several candidates took out processions, displaying their symbols. Many of them came out on the roads since early in the morning with supporters.There were cars, mini-trucks, tempos and motorcycles in the processions. Supporters were raising slogans. Many candidates were seen with folded hands, seeking vote. Most of the candidates visited temples, mosques and other places of worship in their area. They sought blessings from priests and distributed Prasad.In order to give a religious touch to the processions, supports of many candidates dressed as Lord Rama, Laxman, Sita, Hanuman, Lord Shiva, Goddess Durga and other deities. A majority of the candidates preferred door-to-door campaigning and tried to meet the voters personally. They assured of leaving no stones unturned in developing the area.The candidates for the mayoral seat visited various parts of the city and sought support from the people. The canvassing closed at 5 pm. Several candidates had chalked out plans for Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14403749", "title": "Congress sets up coordination committee for Pranab Mukherjee presidential campaign", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 12-member Coordination Committee has been constituted by Congress to finalise the campaign programme and strategy of UPA's Presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee , who will file his nomination on June 28.The Committee will meet on Tuesday and is expected to finetune the campaign of Pranab Mukherjee, who will also step down as finance minister on the same day.Besides Mukherjee, the Committee has senior ministers and party leaders as its members.The ministerial members are AK Antony, P Chidambaram, Ambika Soni , Rajiv Shukla, Pawan Kumar Bansal and PS Ghatowar.The other members are Ahmed Patel, Political Secretary to Congress president Sonia Gandhi, Janardan Dwivedi, Oscar Fernandes, Girija Vyas and PJ Kurien.Mukherjee will file his papers for the July 19 presidential poll on June 28, AICC General Secretary Janardan Dwivedi told reporters on Monday after the CWC meeting which bid a fond farewell to the Congress stalwart. June 30 is the last day for filing of nominations.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi will be among top UPA leaders who will propose Mukherjee's name when he files his papers.He is expected to launch his campaign from Chennai on June 30 and then visit Hyderabad and Bangalore the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396832", "title": "Maya govt spent Rs 5k cr on memorials", "text": "LUCKNOW: The previous Bahujan Samaj Party government led by Mayawati had sanctioned more than Rs 5,000 crore for construction of parks and memorials in the name of dalit icons and installation of statues between 2008 to 2012.The information was given in a written reply in the UP legislative council on a question raised by Congress member Naseeb Pathan on year-wise fund allocation for parks and statues between January 2008 and May 2012. The government, however, evaded query on whether the expenditure on dalit memorials obstructed development of the state.In his reply, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that between this period, total Rs 5,372.41 crore was sanctioned for parks and statues.While Rs 377.8 C rore was sanctioned between January and March 2008, an allocation of Rs 1,435.64 crore was made in the financial year 2008-09, he said. Further, an allocation of Rs 1,067.83 crore was made in 2009-10, Rs 1,264.48 crore in 2010-11 and 628.38 crore in 2011-12. In addition, the Public Works Department ( PWD) spent Rs 118.46 crore and irrigation department Rs 479.78 crore during this period for projects related to dalit memorials.The fund was utilised to construct Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Sthal, Kanshiram Smarak Sthal, Baudh Shanti Upvan, Kanshiram Green (Eco) Park, Bheemrao Ambedkar crossing, Smriti Upvan, Ramabai Ambedkar ground, park between Gomti barrage and La Martinere ground, Lord Buddha crossing and Awadh hospital crossing at Lucknow. Gautam Buddha University, Badalpur and Sector-95 park of Noida in Gautam Budh Nagar.On the question that whether unnecessary expenditure of the above fund obstructed the development of the state, the government said that various writ petitions had been filed in the high court on the point, which were listed for hearing in July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14403592", "title": "Ethics probe against Nikki Haley to begin on Thursday", "text": "WASHINGTON: An ethics probe into whether South Carolina's Indian-American Governor Nikki Haley illegally lobbied for her employers when she was a legislator would be launched by a key legislative panel on Thursday in a first such investigation against the state's top elected official.40-year-old Haley had created history last year by becoming the first Indian-American woman Governor of a US State. She is also the first non-white and woman Governor of South Carolina.This is for the first time that a Governor is being investigated by the South Carolina House Ethics Committee, which has subpoenaed 11 corporate executives, lobbyists and former government officials for the hearing, as well as documents.Haley has denied any wrongdoings. \"We have turned over anything and everything that they want. It has been an amicable process. And if they want my birth certificate, driver's licence, they can get that too,\" Haley said last week.Born to immigrants from Punjab, Haley, who was a state representative from 2005-2010, is accused of using her office to illegally lobby on behalf of two of her employers - the Lexington Medical Center Foundation, where she was a USD 110,000-a-year fundraiser, and the Columbia-based Wilbur Smith and Associates engineering firm, where she was paid USD 42,500 as a consultant.According to the local 'The State' newspaper, Haley's attorneys have said she was representing her Lexington County constituents, not the hospital, on the heart-centre issue and was hired to help win county and private contracts for the engineering firm.At the time, Lexington was looking for legislative support to build a heart-surgery centre, it said.Wilbur Smith was seeking work on the new State Farmers Market, the daily said.Haley's attorneys also said no rules were broken when lobbyists and companies gave donations to Lexington Medical's foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14396259", "title": "Rats gnaw at 62-year-old woman's body in morgue", "text": "THANE: In a shocking case of negligence by the Thane civil hospital authorities, the corpse of a 62-year-old woman in the morgue room was partially eaten by rodents on Sunday.Family members of Shantabai Khade, who passed away on Sunday, had kept the body in the morgue's freezer room as close relatives were expected from Bangalore for the last rites on Monday.Mohammed Ali Momin, an activist from Lokmanya Nagar, claimed that the morgue staff was careless in handling the senior citizen's corpse.On Monday morning, when Khade's relatives arrived at the civil hospital to take possession of the body, they found that rodents had nibbled at the eyes and ear lobes. Upset with the authorities' negligence, Khade's relatives demanded action against the guilty. Locals said a similar case occurred recently but was kept under wraps by the hospital authorities.The morgue area is infested with rodents and the hospital's bio-disposable plant close by attracts cats and dogs, the locals alleged. They claimed that the cooling facility at the morgue was also not fully functional.Thane civil surgeon Dr Ratnakar Kulkarni said action would be initiated against those responsible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396263", "title": "Robbers stab man, try to loot bag with gems", "text": "JAIPUR: A 29-year-old man was stabbed by robbers when the latter attempted to snatch the bag containing precious gemstones at Ramganj area in the city. The robbery bid was foiled with the help of locals and police deployed in the market, however, the victim was admitted to Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital.The victim Budhdeb Mandal who polishes gemstones for a city jeweller was chased by four assailants when he was returning home on his bicycle on Monday evening. The robbers asked him to stop and hand over the bag to them.\"The assailants were on a motorbike and attempted to snatch the bag. When Mandal resisted they hit him with a knife and he suffered injuries on his shoulder, palm and writs. With the help of locals in the area, two of the robbers were arrested and the robbery bid was foiled,\" said a senior officer from Ramganj police station.The victim was taken to SMS hospital where his condition was stated to be out of danger. Barricading was done in the city to nab the other robbers, police said. They added that the arrested robbers are being interrogated to nab their accomplices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398302", "title": "Prakash Karat explains CPM\u2019s support for Pranab Mukherjee as President", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM decision to support UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee was spurred by Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee's staunch opposition to the veteran Congress leader and its innate thrust for a president \"firmly secular and not in any way open to BJP influence\".Explaining the party's decision, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat in an article for mouthpiece People's Democracy said the chasm between the Congress and the Trinamool widened over supporting Mukherjee. \"The rift within the ruling alliance is something that the CPM took into account when deciding its stand,\" Karat wrote.The CPM also factored in the support of non-UPA parties' \u2014 SP, BSP, JD(S) and JD(U) \u2014 for Mukherjee.The CPM would have considered another candidate if other secular opposition parties were willing, Karat said. Most parties, however, veered round to supporting the UPA candidate and \"widest agreement\" emerged for Mukherjee.Karat's article comes amid murmurs of dissent within the CPM and expulsion of youth leader Prasenjit Bose over support to Mukherjee. A section in the party preferred abstention to supporting Mukherjee like Left allies the CPI and the RSP.While dismissing abstention as an option, Trinamool seemed to have weighed on the minds of the CPM leadership.After failing to field APJ Abdul Kalam with the \"full backing of the BJP\", the Trinamool is left with the option of abstaining or reversing its position and supporting Mukherjee.\"Abstention in this case would mean lining up with Mamata Banerjee and the TMC in West Bengal. This would be politically damaging and unacceptable,\" Karat wrote.He accused the Trinamool for running a \"violent terror campaign\" against the CPM and the Left parties and launching an attack on democracy. \"Even the Congress is not spared,\" Karat said.He identified Bengal as the strongest base of the Left and said, \"One of the important tasks for the Party is to defend the strongest base of the Left, which, in turn, will help the party and the Left to advance nationally.\"Pointed out that the CPM was not guided by regional considerations alone, Karat wrote, \"At the national level abstention would amount to the Party withdrawing from the fray. It would blunt the intervention of the Party in the developing political scenario.\"Underlining the limited influence of Left parties due to lack of numbers; he admitted \"there can only be a President chosen by the major bourgeois parties\". So, the CPM's thrust, in keeping with its political line to fight communalism, will be against a BJP-sponsored candidate.\"When it comes to the fight against economic policies, the thrust will be against the Congress and the UPA government,\" he said.Karat pointed out, \"The political line of fighting the Congress and the BJP should not be equated as maintaining equidistance from both on all matters.\"In the wide consensus for Mukherjee, he saw an increasing dependence of the Congress on parties outside the UPA. \"It highlights the dependence of the Congress on outside forces to get its own candidate through. It also indicates that these forces are going to deal with the Congress on equal terms, and that the Congress cannot lord it over them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396452", "title": "Terror trail: Mazalgaon to Muridke, Sri Lanka to Saudi Arabia", "text": "MUMBAI: Where has Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal been since 2006? Security agencies say that after fleeing Maharashtra in May 2006, he first went to Bangladesh en route to Pakistan. From there he travelled to Sri Lanka in 2008 and returned to Pakistan to handle the 26/11 terror attack operation. Later, he went to Saudi Arabia in 2011, from where he arrived on Monday.Ansari is suspected to be a key player handling the two terrorists of the 26/11 terror attack. \"It was Abu Jundal who was instigating, directing and motivating the two terrorists hiding in Chabad house. His arrest in New Delhi is considered to be bigger than that of Ajmal Kasab since Jindal was present in the Lashkar-e-Taiba's control room during the terror strike,\" said a senior police official.Ansari, who hails from a small village in Maharashtra's Beed district, was considered a close aide of SIMI and Indian Mujahideen members like Tauqeer Bilal, Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Bhatkal, Mohsin Choudhury and Yasin Bhatkal. \"After he dodged the anti-terrorism squad near Manmad on May 6, 2006, Ansari was suspected to have escaped to Bangladesh. He then went to Pakistan's Muridke (where LeT has a terror training camp). His job was identifying new recruits from India,\" said sources. Abu Jundal's name was also mentioned in a bomb blast case in Ahmedabad.It was in Pakistan that Ansari first met the Bhatkal brothers. The Bhatkal brothers and Ansari reportedly planned another strike in Maharashtra. \"Ansari had visited Pune several times and knew about the city. He met the top IM and SIMI functionaries in a Colombo hotel and discussed plans to attack Pune's German Bakery. Ansari was temporarily living in Sri Lanka at the time,\" said sources. Prior to the 26/11 attack, he returned to Pakistan. Towards the end of 2011, Ansari was asked to go to Saudi Arabia and meet Indian youths employed there to indoctrinate them for terror training, said sources. Ansari had been living in Saudi Arabia with a Pakistani passport in the name of Riasat Ali, he is alleged to have told police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14400686", "title": "Smoking dads can pass on cancer to kids", "text": "LONDON: Smoking dads beware . A new study has claimed that smoking harms the father's DNA and you may pass on your damaged genes to your children, raising the risk of cancer .\"Smoking harms the father's DNA, and these damaged genes can be inherited by his children,\" the Daily Mail quoted a new study by researchers at University of Bradford in UK. This raises the risk of youngsters developing childhood cancers, particularly leukaemia, the researchers warned. A fertile sperm cell takes three months to fully develop, so smoking fathers should kick the butt 12 weeks before conceiving to avoid the risk, Dr Diana Anderson of the university said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14398971", "title": "Cigarettes worth Rs 40 lakh looted in Garfa", "text": "KOLKATA: Posing as owners, burglars broke into a godown and decamped with cigarettes worth Rs 40 lakh on Sunday night at Nandibagan in south Kolkata. The criminals arrived with a goods carrier vehicle, loaded nearly 100 big boxes of cigarettes and left the place after a two-hour operation.Monoranjan Das, a trader from Madurdaha who owns the godown, on Monday morning found his godown empty. He got the dealership of a tobacco manufacturer major around four years ago and started using the Garfa godown to store cigarettes.\"The store is off the main road. So we don't open the shutter towards the main road and work through the side door,\" said Monoranjan Das.Das said the miscreants broke five locks to enter the godown. Locals, however, said they had no clue about the theft. Some locals said they noticed a mini truck loading some stuff from the godown at night but they thought the owner himself might be loading the materials.Police feel that the gang involved in the crime is attached with cigarette trade as for other burglars it would be difficult to dispose of such huge quantity of tobacco. Police have already started keeping a watch on cigarette dealers to get a clue. Police however surprised as such crime never happen outside the industrial zones.In another incident a 83 year old bed ridden woman has been robbed at her Muchipara residence on Sunday night. Bina Rai stays on the second floor along with an ayah. On Sunday night, around 9 pm, the ayah went to Rai's daughter's house, just opposite of the road to bring food for Rai like other days.Meanwhile a middle aged man wearing a lungi barged in Rai's room. The miscreant gagged and tied the elderly woman and robbed his gold chain and bangles. Tapan Kumar Ghosh, the son in law of Rai lodged complaint. \" We have some definite clue and hoping that soon the case will be detected,\" said Pallav Kanti Ghosh, Jt CP Crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14400188", "title": "Power cuts continue to give a tough time", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Power supply to nearly half of Sector 38 was suspended at 6.30pm on Monday due to a technical flaw in the transformer. There was no electricity in sectors 21, 19, 18, 34, 35, 40, 41, 46 and 47 as unscheduled power cuts go on due to overloading.A resident of Sector 21, Bakshish Singh, said, \"There was no power for seven hours last night and the supply was again snapped for two hours in the morning.\" Nearly half of Chandigarh plunged into darkness on Sunday night due to a power cut around 10,30pm, due to the thundershowers. Sector 15 saw a cut from 11pm to 3am, Sector 19 from 10.30pm to 2.30am and there was no electricity in Sector 11 from 10.45pm to 11.45pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14403896", "title": "Do not want to topple Maldives govt: Nasheed", "text": "WASHINGTON: Demanding a free and fair election in Maldives, the country's ousted President Mohamed Nasheed has said he does not want to topple the government of the day.\"We do not want to topple a government. We want an election,\" Nasheed told a Washington audience at an event organised by US Institute of Peace, an eminent American think tank.Currently on a trip to the US, Nasheed on Monday met assistant secretary of state for South and Central Asia Robert Blake . No details of the meeting were available.\"Give us an election and let's see who wins,\" said Nasheed, who was ousted in what he claims was a coup d'tat early this year.During his stay here, he is also scheduled to meet US lawmakers and attend a round table being hosted by Amnesty International.Nasheed is scheduled to return to Maldives on July 1. Responding to a question, he said if he was to be re-elected, he would be \"naive again and would continue to do that.\"Purging the military and going on a vendetta would not help us. It might give us some satisfaction, to some of us... I can't see how that would serve us in having a better society.\"Nasheed was the first democratically-elected President of Maldives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14400277", "title": "Few kids signing up as scouts and guides", "text": "HYDERABAD: The fascination among city students for the National Cadet Corps (NCC) uniform or the different ways of tying knots taught in Bharat Scouts and Guides seems to have diminished greatly over the years as the number of enrolments in both these disciplines has dwindled signifi cantly. The number of students enrolled in scouts and guides in the city has taken steep fall from over 50,000 around three years ago to a measly 2,372 in the current year and the NCC's Hyderabad group has not been able to fi ll all the authorized vacancies despite a reduction by 1000 in the same from last year.Bharat Scouts and Guides, a voluntary society established in 1950 which aims at helping young citizens achieve their full physical and intellectual potential, is currently offered at around 50 schools in the city. C Rajeshwari, assistant training commissioner, Guides said, \"Around three years ago, the total number of students enrolled in AP was more than three lakh and in the city it was around 50,000. But now these fi gures have dropped to 51,792 and 2,372 respectively. Among all the new techno, concept and international schools coming up in the city, there are many who don't even know about scouts and guides.\"Elaborating on the activities undertaken by them, she added, \"Students are taught fi rst aid training, knotting, saving a drowning person, signalling, constructing towers with bamboos and are also taken on camps and adventure (trips) where they stay in tents and learn essential survival skills. National and international camps with various competitions are also held and winners get the opportunity to receive awards from the governor or the president. Sadly, not many schools today are interested in exposing their students to these activities as the focus on academics is far too great.\"Meanwhile on the NCC front too, things are no longer as bright as they were a few years ago. The NCC, which gives young students a fi rsthand experience of life in the defence services, has two groups in the city, namely Secunderabad and Hyderabad groups. And although the Secunderabad group has full strength when it comes to the authorized vacancies, the Hyderabad group is falling short of cadets. Col A A Deshpande, training offi cer, Hyderabad group, NCC said, \"Around 1,000 vacancies have been reduced from last year in the authorised number. However, there still is a difference in the authorised vacancies and the actual strength.He explained, \"There are four divisions in the group; senior division, senior wing, junior division and junior wing. The senior divisions are for students from class IX and above and the junior divisions are for those below class IX. Only the senior wing has full strength, the senior division has around 400 vacanices, the junior wing has around 300 and the junior division has more than 1000.\" He then added that among the 30 to 35 institutions in the Hyderabad group, most were Zilla Parishad schools, Government schools and Kendriya Vidyalayas and very few of the popular private schools featured in the list. Even on the waiting list of institutions that applied for NCC services, none of new crop of international schools or well known schools were included.Talking about the reason behind this, Deshpande said, \"An Associate NCC Offi cer (ANO) is compulsory in every school and institutions are fi nding it diffi cult to maintain a permanent ANO. There is a shortage of lady ANOs too for girl cadets. Also, the uniform which is given by the directorate general NCC from the centre has not been coming for the past two years. So units in schools have to arrange uniforms on their own.\"Further, he said that many of the existing schools under the group are requesting to cut down their troupes by half as they are not getting enough candidates. Moreover, every year at least one or two schools withdraw from NCC. Ignorant of the fi gures Desphande speculated that the schools which do not apply for NCC probably have scouts and guides.Maya Sukumaran, principal of Gitanjali Senior Secondary school, one of the institutes in the city which stopped NCC and scouts and guides in their school said, \"We had made it compulsory for girls to join the guides, but the classes were stopped in 2004-05 due to some fi nancial reasons. Also, there were very few takers for NCC as students did not want to come on weekends for classes and training, so we stopped that too around three years ago.\"Meanwhile, at Little Flower High school, the number of students coming forward for NCC has increased only by one per cent in the past ten years and the number of enrolments for scouts and guides had dropped to 40 last year from the usual 80. Mogali Varalakshmi, principal of Jubilee Hills Public school which has NCC from the past 12 years said, \"It is very important for students to experience the adventurous and tough life. They get to mingle with other students from across the country and get valuable exposure. They get to accompany the chief guests at school functions too. Not many city schools offer this opportunity to students but I strongly feel they should.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14400059", "title": "Children to get slips under intensified routine immunisation", "text": "KANPUR: The children under the age of five, who were left from routine immunization, will get the slips displaying location of their immunization booth during the intensified routine immunization (IRI) drive to be launched by heath department from the last week of June.With an aim to improve the immunization coverage in both rural and urban sectors, the heath department will be organizing intensified routine immunization drive. Special focus will be laid on migrants and mobile population, which will target 18,924 children who were left from basic routine immunization.As per the recent reports by WHO and UNICEF , UP attained only 62.90 per cent immunization status. The condition in various other states was similar, hence India has declared 2012 as the year of IRI.Chief medical officer R P Yadav said that four rounds of immunization weeks will be held in low performing areas including urban slums, migrant and mobile populations and marginalized population to rapidly improve the health scenario. \"The heath department has selected a week of a month (from June to September) wherein 'Immunization Round' would be taken on priority areas. The primary targets will be children under one year, who have not received routine vaccine,\" CMO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397417", "title": "BJP, JD(U) put PM candidate issue aside", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari on Monday announced that the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) was intact and his party as well as the Janata Dal (United) had decided to stop the debate on the issue of prime ministerial candidate for 2014 elections.\"I had a call from JD (U)'s Sharad Yadav. We have decided that both the parties would not discuss the matter of PM candidate. This is because next general elections are two years away. When the time is ripe, NDA will debate the matter and announce its candidate. There is no point in debating it now,\" said Gadkari.On the issue of the two NDA allies-JD (U) and Shiv Sena- taking their own stand of supporting Pranab Mukherjee for the President's post and not P A Sangma supported by BJP and some other opposition parties, Gadkari said the two parties though NDA constituents were independent entities entitled to own views. \"We respect their individuality. If all constituents think the same way, we would be one party,\" said the BJP president. However, he said the difference of opinion on the presidential poll should not be seen as a split in the NDA.\"The NDA is intact. We are united in fighting the Congress-led UPA. We will fight together on issues of price-rise and corruption and ride the popular wave to dislodge the UPA government in the next elections,\" said Gadkari. After Bihar CM Nitish Kumar pitched in for 'secular' candidate as next PM and RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat supported a pro-Hindutva leader for the post, JD (U) had taken a strong view that it would break away from the NDA if Gujarat CM Narendra Modi was promoted as PM candidate in 2014. Both the parties have now agreed to sop discussing the issue any further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14400645", "title": "A MAID that can cook just about any dish!", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Seven Technopark-based engineers on Monday launched MAID (microwave android integrated device), a 'smart' microwave oven which can cook just about any dish.The young developers claimed that the MAID is India's first android integrated microwave oven. Their product would help people relish various dishes without sweating it out much in kitchen, thanks to voice assistance provided throughout the cooking process.\"A consumer using MAID would be able to prepare as many as 52,000 recipes, all of which are available online and which could be downloaded after connecting to the internet,\" said Sabarish Prakash, CEO.SectorQube Technolabs, the company set up by them to develop MAID, also announced plans for large-scale manufacturing of the product by December.The company, which spent six months and Rs 20,000 to develop the software and integrate it into the device, is planning to manufacture the oven and provide it at a price range of Rs 7,000 to Rs 8,000.\"The idea sprouted out of the thought that beyond being used on smart phones and tablets, the concept of 'android beyond apps' has not been used to its full potential,\" said Prakash.Nibu Alias, chief technology officer of the SectorQube said that MAID was just the first among the many android-powered products that the company is planning to develop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14400669", "title": "Civic polls: Delhi asked to shut liquor shops for 2 days", "text": "NOIDA: As UP goes to civic polls on July 1, Noida police have written to Delhi Police and Delhi government requesting closure of all liquor outlets for two days in bordering areas. Police have also requested that a strict vigil be kept on the borders as illegal liquor, weapons and cash can be smuggled in large quantities in western UP.As part of a drive to check the flow of illegal liquor during elections, Noida police so far have recovered around 5,000 litres from different places in the district. In the latest crackdown, UP police seized 2,220 litres of liquor on Monday.Noida SSP, Praveen Kumar , said, \"Police have recovered large quantity of liquor brought in from Haryana as it is quite cheap there. We have sent a proposal to Delhi police and Delhi government asking for closure of all liquor outlets 48 hours before the civic polls within 8km in bordering areas.\"\"Our request is categorized in two phases; one is pre-polls and the second is during or on the day of elections. In our pre-polls request, we have asked for control of illegal supply of liquor, stolen vehicles and putting up check posts,\" Kumar said, adding that police have also requested prohibition of visit of political leaders and outstation vehicles on the polling day.On Sunday, police had recovered over 900 litres of illicit liquor, most of them popular foreign brands, while being smuggled into Greater Noida from Haryana. A candidate, contesting the civic polls, has been booked for the offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14399906", "title": "Bribery charges framed against Union minister Virbhadra Singh", "text": "SHIMLA: A trial court in Shimla on Monday framed corruption charges against Union minister and former Himachal Pradesh chief minister Virbhadra Singh and his wife Pratibha Singh , four months before the state goes to the polls.Virbhadra and his wife were booked by the state police in 2009 on the basis of an audio CD, but the court then did not consider it as admissible evidence.On Monday, the court, based on witnesses' accounts and evidence provided by the vigilance bureau, held that there was enough evidence on record to show strong suspicion of their involvement in a graft case. Special judge B L Soni said that \"a cement plant was to be accorded approval by a sub-committee of four ministers but accused Virbhadra Singh accorded approval without obtaining consent of two ministers (then education and transport ministers).\"The prosecution has alleged that in 1989, then CM Virbhadra Singh along with his wife had taken Rs 3 lakh from Ambuja Cements and Rs 2 lakh from Mohan Meakin brewery as bribe in return for helping them set up a cement plant and an effluent treatment plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14400901", "title": "Cover all manholes in colonies within a week: HUDA chief", "text": "GURGAON: After the tragic death of Mahi falling into a 68-foot-deep borewell, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has given a week's time to check and cover all manholes in the city.The directions have been issued to all junior engineers, sub-divisional officers and executive engineers. \"Officials have been given a week to ensure that every manhole is covered in the colonies. I will personally check this during my inspections,\" said Praveen Kumar, HUDA administrator.HUDA is leaving no stone unturned to avert any such tragedy in the city. \"I have also told the officials that if any manhole is found uncovered, then the concerned officials will be chargesheeted as per the service rules and face action,\" said Kumar.HUDA is gearing up for monsoon and cleaning storm water drains in all the sectors. In 2010, a man had fallen into an uncovered manhole during monsoon and died. \"An uncovered manhole during the season can be very dangerous for anyone. So the officials have been told to be very careful in their inspection,\" said another HUDA official. The department is also planning to involve the local RWAs in identifying the uncovered pits or manholes in the sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14402415", "title": "Swine flu far more lethal than India thought, study shows", "text": "NEW DELHI: India may have grossly underestimated the might of 21st century's most aggressive pandemic.A US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Atlanta , study with help from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, (AIIMS), Delhi, to be published in the medical journal Lancet on Tuesday says the deaths caused by H1N1 pandemic flu in its first year (2009-10) could be 15 times higher than the number of laboratory-confirmed deaths previously reported to the World Health Organization .During the pandemic, 18,500 laboratory-confirmed H1N1-deaths were reported worldwide from April, 2009, to August, 2010.The new research indicates that the death toll was anywhere between 1.51 lakh and 5.75 lakh during the first year when the virus circulated in each country worldwide.The results say that 80% of the deaths occurred in people younger than 65 years, contrary to seasonal influenza where most deaths occur among the elderly.Additionally, the study suggests that 51% of the deaths may have occurred in south-east Asia and Africa, continents which are home to 38% of the world's population.The scientists say, \"China and India, where about a third of the world's population live have garnered little information about the burden of influenza.\"India's age-adjusted respiratory and cardiovascular mortality rate associated with 2009 pandemic influenza H1N1 per 100 000 individuals stood at 4.1-6 per 100,000 population. Lead author Dr Fatimah S Dawood from the CDC said, \"The study underscores the significant human toll of an influenza pandemic. We hope that this work can be used not only to improve influenza disease burden modeling globally, but to improve the public health response during future pandemics in parts of the world that suffer more deaths and to increase the public's awareness of the importance of influenza prevention\".It said, \"As a general rule, the number of lab-confirmed flu deaths is known to be significantly lower than the number of flu deaths that actually occur, and the new research indicates that an estimated 151,700 to 575,400 people died as a result of having contracted 2009 H1N1 during the first year that the virus circulated in each country worldwide.\"For the study, the CDC estimated the 12-month cumulative symptomatic attack rate (sAR) and multiplied it by the estimated symptomatic case fatality ratio (sCFR) from 17 sites in 13 countries \u2014 India, Bangladesh , Cambodia , Denmark, Germany, Kenya , Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua , Peru , England, USA and Vietnam . Because the 2009 pandemic affected younger populations more than the senior citizens, the global burden in terms of years of life lost (YLL) was higher during this pandemic than it would be for a typical influenza season.The study said, \"Estimated YLL were 9707, 000 during the first 12 months of the pandemic. Southeast Asia was the region with the greatest YLL. Total YLL attributable to deaths associated with 2009 pandemic influenza A H1N1 was 3\u00b74 times higher than if the age distribution of deaths had been similar to that during seasonal epidemics.\"The study found that 65% of 2009 pandemic influenza A H1N1 deaths worldwide were in individuals aged 18-64 years (60% of global population), although the age distribution varied by region. Overall, 13% of respiratory deaths were in people older than 64 years (8% of global population).\"An additional 83,300 cardiovascular deaths associated with the 2009 pandemic influenza were estimated to have occurred in people older than 17 years, resulting in a total of 284,400 respiratory and cardiovascular deaths. Around 20% of these deaths occurred in people older than 64 years,\" it added.Influenza pandemics are typically characterized by higher, but widely varying, number of deaths than seasonal epidemics. The emergence of pandemic influenza H1N1 in April, 2009, led WHO to request that countries report all laboratory-confirmed deaths associated with it.\"For the period up to August, 2010, 18,500 deaths associated with laboratory-confirmed 2009 pandemic influenza H1N1 have been reported. This number is likely to be an underestimate because diagnostic specimens are not always obtained from people who die with influenza and the viruses might no longer be detectable by the time of death in some people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14399056", "title": "ATS to verify Abu Jundal's identity", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad anti-terrorism squad (ATS) has started the process to verify whether the alleged terrorist arrested by the Delhi police on June 21 was indeed Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Hamza alias Abu Jundal.Navinchandra Reddy, superintendent of police (ATS), in-charge of the Marathwada ATS, said on Monday, \"So far, we have not received any official communication in this regard. Things will be confirmed after his voice samples available with the authorities are verified.\"Ansari is wanted for his involvement in various terror acts, including the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks and the German Bakery blast in Pune in 2010. He had disappeared from Beed following a big arms haul near Ellora caves in May 2006.Ansari is the son of an insurance agent, who moved to Kagzi Darwaza area in Beed from Georai taluka about 12 years ago. He has five sisters. He did his MA and pursued an electrician's course from a technical institute. He quickly earned the reputation of being an efficient electrician and even did some electrical work for the Beed police superintendent's office.Reddy said that Ansari, who used different aliases, is also wanted in connection with the May 2006 arms seizure in Ellora ghat. He said that it came to be known only during the 2008 terror attack in Mumbai that he was using the alias Abu Hamza.Ansari, allegedly a member of the Laskhkar-e-Taiba (LeT), which carried out the Mumbai attacks, and another terror suspect from Beed, Fayyaz Kagzi, were on the run ever since the seizure of arms and arrest of suspected terrorists near Ellora ghat, about 25 km from Aurangabad on May 9, 2006.In a joint operation, the Aurangabad rural police and the Mumbai ATS had arrested several youths and had seized a jeep, which was laden with 11 AK 47 rifles, 2,200 cartridges and 33 kg of RDX. Later, a car, in which the suspects had managed to give the police a slip, was found abandoned in Nashik district. The car was also found laden with arms and explosives. The jeep was hired from Beed, while the car belonged to a businessman in Aurangabad. The drivers of both the vehicles were arrested and are under trial.The arms seizure had led to many arrests in Aurangabad and Beed districts in Marathwada and Malegaon in Nashik district. It was since then that Aurangabad and Beed districts as well as Malegaon had come on the ATS radar.Ansari was allegedly a member of the banned terror group SIMI and was later recruited by the LeT. He was also wanted in connection with the July 11, 2006, train blasts in Mumbai. The Beed police had booked him and another suspect from Beed, Samad Khan Shahsher Khan (who is under trial in connection with the arms seizure near Ellora), in 2007 for forgery and cheating. They had allegedly forged documents to obtain SIM cards of a cell phone service provider. The SIM cards were later used in terror activities, ATS sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14396929", "title": "Plea to restore water supply dismissed", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Monday dismissed the plea of 170 families from Kadanganeri in Tirunelveli district to restore water connections to their village.Justice R Banumathi and Justice B Rajendran also vacated an interim relief granted to the families after the panchayat union informed that it had resolved on May 25 to increase the capacity of the water storage tank.The petitioner, S Vaidhyalingam had originally filed a writ petition seeking to direct the block development officer and the panchayat president to restore the drinking water supply, which was disconnected \"for no valid reason\". The villagers had paid Rs 1,000 for each connection and the collector had approved the water supply from Tamirabarani river. Therefore, the panchayat was not justified in suspending the water connections, he contended.Justices P Jyothimani and S Vimala had in their interim order earlier directed the panchayat union to restore the water connections.Meanwhile, government pleaders told Justice Banumathi and Justice Rajendran that the panchayat union passed a resolution on May 25 asking the district collector to reconsider his decision to sanction individual water connections to 170 households and to enhance the storage capacity of the water tank.The 2.5-lakh litre overhead tank in Alangulam panchayat was constructed in 2001 when its population was 6,500. Now, the population has increased to 12,000 but the water allocated to the panchayat has not increased.The panchayat was already facing problems giving equitable supply of water to the villagers through public water taps in the streets.Individual water connections for 170 families would only further the trouble as the panchayat had water to supply the public water taps only once in four days, they said. Justice Banumathi and Justice Rajendran said \"Panchayat has the legal duty to provide drinking water to all the residents. At the same time, it has the duty to ensure equal distribution of the water available,\" the judges and dismissed the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398408", "title": "Subsidy spoiling green image of Indian companies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government policies on subsidy are preventing Indian energy-intensive companies from improving their carbon image globally even though comparable firms in the developed world on an average have higher overall emission figures, according to India Market and Environment Report.The report by BSE-GREENEX, the co-creators of India's first energy efficiency index with the Bombay Stock Exchange , says Indian companies show a lower revenue earning per unit of carbon emitted due to subsidies. This distorts their emission intensity profiles and lowers their position in the global green index.In contrast, the top 100 global companies exhibit lower mean emission intensity even though they have higher overall emissions on an average due to size of operations. In other words, these companies generate more revenue per unit of carbon emitted.As an illustration, the report compares India's biggest generation utility NTPC and E.ON, the world's largest investor-owned company in the sector. While NTPC's emission is around half of E.ON's, it earns about a 10th in revenue because of subsidy in power even though the company has cut its emission intensity by over 21% from 2008-09 levels.Market analysts said continued poor carbon image could impact Indian companies' ability to access overseas funds as global lending increasingly gets linked to green rankings. India is committed to reduce by 2020 its greenhouse emissions per unit of GDP by 20%-25%.Outlining the energy efficiency performance of over 300 companies from India and abroad, the report shows wide gap in energy efficiency performance of sector leaders and the rest.One of the trends, the report points out, is that the largest companies in the energy-intensive sectors tend to occupy the most carbon real estate.In the steel sector, for example, the top five companies in terms of market cap, including state-run SAIL, private sector Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, Tata Steel , Sesa Goa and JSW Steel , account for around 85% of the total emissions for steel companies listed on the BSE 500.In contrast, companies with relatively higher market caps in the oil sector, spend proportionately much lower amounts on power and fuel as a percentage of revenue.The report sites state-run ONGC and private sector Reliance Industries Ltd as examples of increased efficiency of power and fuel consumption at higher relative market caps to the rest of the sector competitors. Hindustan Petroleum, another public sector company, exhibits the lowest ratio of emission per unit revenue in the sector.An aberration is, however, seen among power utilities indicating that there are still significant efficiency gains to be made by larger companies such as NTPC. Coal makes up half of India's energy basket. Thermal power accounts for over 65% of generation, which is largely consumed by industry.\"It is clear that any market-based mitigation and awareness efforts that include the largest listed firms in the Indian markets will be able to target a significant proportion of total greenhouse gas emissions,\" the report says.The report has ranked both largest Indian and global companies using emission intensity and Rural Electrification Corporation Limited and Power Finance Corporation Limited are two public sector enterprises that make it to the top of the ranking pile. HDFC , Sun Pharmaceuticals and ACC Ltd. are some of the private sector companies that have outperformed the rest on a balance of financial and efficiency parameters assessed by the report for fiscal 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14395864", "title": "Meet to decide on state power firm franchisee", "text": "MUMBAI: The day is not far when government would though remain the main power supplier in Maharashtra, the consumer-end day-to-day supply, maintenance and billing will be done by the private power companies.A large number of private power companies are coming up to take over the franchisee of state power supplier --- the MSEDCL --- for distribution, maintenance, billing and recovery in various areas of the state.At a pre-bid meeting held on Saturday in order to appoint a franchisee for the Mumbra-Kalwa area of MSEDCL in Thane, around 11 companies, showed their presence which mainlyincluding Reliance Power , Tata Power , Torrent Power, Sahakar Global India, Konark, Sai Infra India, BVG India, Supreme Power, Rudrayani, A to Z, and DPSC, were present. TNNPresently such franchisees are operating in Bhiwandi, Nagpur, Aurangabad, and Jalgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "14396417", "title": "Robber dies in encounter with police", "text": "ALWAR: A 22-year-old robber was shot dead while two cops including an ASI sustained injuries in yet another armed confrontation between police and criminals in the Behror area of Alwar late on Sunday night.Police said that about eight criminals had robbed some truck drivers at knife and gun point and were being chased by the police when they opened fire. They also tried to ram into a police vehicle. One of the criminals sustained bullet injuries. He died while undergoing treatment.According to the police, some armed criminals belonging to Palpur village in Alwar's Tijara area intercepted three trucks near the BSNL Exchange in Behror. \"They forced the truck drivers to get off the vehicles at gun point and robbed them. They even took away the truck's tyres,\" said SP, Alwar Umesh Dutta.He added that on hearing cries for help from the truck drivers, some people sleeping in a nearby slum area woke up and informed the police control room. \"A patrolling car was already on the night vigil. It rushed to the place and spotted the criminals speeding away in an SUV,\" said the officer.The chasing cops informed the villagers of Badond village who put barricades on the road to help the police. However, the criminals opened fire not only on the policemen, but also the villagers. They broke barricades at two places.\"Despite firing, the police team continued to chase the criminals. They hit a police control room vehicle after crossing Badond. Due to collision, an assistant sub-inspector Vijay Tiwari and a constable Mukesh Yadav were injured,\" said the officer.He added that the policemen were forced to open fire on the criminals. \"Their jeep was punctured near Bibirani village. When the policemen approached the jeep, they found one Nafees while others had managed to escape. He had sustained a bullet injury. He was rushed to a hospital in Alwar from where he was referred to Jaipur. He died while undergoing treatment,\" said the officer.The officer said that items robbed by the criminals have been recovered from their vehicle. \"It is suspected that this is the same group that had opened fire on the police in a Tijara court to free an accomplice,\" said the officer. The vehicle that the criminals were using had been stolen three days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401450", "title": "State plans 10 lakh self-help groups to benefit 1.2 crore households", "text": "PATNA: Bihar will go for manifold expansion of the women self-help groups (SHGs) network by increasing their number to 10 lakh involving 1.2 crore women in the next five years. The state rural development department (RDD) has fixed this target under the Union government's flagship scheme - National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM).\"Bihar is the first state to chalk out a perspective implementation plan under the State Rural Livelihood Project (SRLP) and fixed the target for expansion of SHGs,\" said RDD minister Nitish Mishra. This is a World Bank-supported project.During his Bihar visit last week, Union minister of rural development Jairam Ramesh acknowledged that Bihar has made good progress in promoting SHGs. However, there is discrepancy in the number of SHGs in the state given by the Centre and the state government.While Ramesh said there were only 57,000 SHGs with a membership of seven lakh in Bihar, the RDD claimed the existing number of SHGs is about 2.50 lakh, 70% of which had been formed under the Swarnjayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana (SGSY). Under the SRLP, Mishra said, the mandate is to organize almost 1.25 crore households into 10 lakh additional SHGs. Ramesh said Rs 275 crore has already been sanctioned under NRLM as first instalment.Ramesh said unless the SHGs were linked to banks they would remain meaningless. \"In Bihar, there is no bank branch in several block headquarters. The banking network has to be widened to make this scheme successful,\" he said. Bihar accounts for only 4% of the SHGs with bank linkage in the country.RDD minister Mishra admitted the SHGs' financial accessibility is short of desired level. \"The attempt to link the poor organized in the form of SHGs with banks did not make much headway. A paltry amount of Rs 293.64 crore was given to 16,365 SHGs in Bihar under the SHG-bank linkage programme in 2010-11,\" he said.The minister added, \"In order to improve the quality of delivery of banking service for the poor and illiterate, we have successfully tried the concept of 'Bank Mitra - Help Desks'. Efforts will be made to scale up the concept.\"Ramesh also laid stress on linking livestock economy with the SHGs. \"It will really be very useful if the SHGs are linked to dairy and poultry,\" he said and added wherever the livestock economy is strong, farmers do not commit suicide.Under the SRLP, a livelihood enhancement programme has been charted out. As a part of this programme, intervention in some livelihood sectors that cover a majority of the poor would be taken up. In the case of dairy intervention, the focus would be on organizing the SHG households into dairy cooperative societies to ensure better price for their produce, said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14395775", "title": "Flyover stir: Rajagopal takes on cops, TDP", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Tension prevailed in the city on Monday with local MP Lagadapati Rajagopal going for a parallel demonstration during TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu's dharna at the foot of Indrakeeladri hill.Rajagopal had on Sunday told police that he would withdraw his counter-dharna but did a volte-face on his assurance on Monday to organise a seminar on development work taken up under Congress rule in the state.The MP held his demonstration near the statue of Potti Sriramulu on the Prakasam barrage.While the TDP chief and party workers staged a dharna demanding a flyover, the Congress counter-agitation was over why they felt the project was unfeasible. Rajagopal was at his post along with legislators Jogi Ramesh, Vellampalli Srinivas and Malladi Vishnu and scores of party workers much before Naidu could reach the dharna site on the other end of the highway.Police did try to prevent Lagadapati's group from reaching the Sriramulu statue that any likely confrontation with TDP activists could be averted but the Congress leaders pushed the cops aside and made their way to the spot.On the other hand, police diverted Naidu's convoy through the Chittinagar underpass and allowed him to reach the TDP dharna venue at Kummaripalem.Upon learning of Naidu's arrival, the Congress leaders cut short their demonstration and tried to barge into the TDP meeting under the ruse of meeting Naidu. However, the massive police deployment meant that the Congress leaders' plan was foiled. However, sparks flew when a few Congress workers tried to attack the police for preventing them from reaching the TDP dharna site.Rajagopal demanded the police to allow him to meet Naidu in order to discuss the feasibility of the construction of flyover. Police bluntly refused to grant him permission citing the law and order problems. \"I will meet him at any cost before he left the city even if you do not allow us to go ahead,\" thundered Rajagopal. He said that he would launch a protest in front of Naidu's house in Hyderabad if he was not allowed to meet him anywhere in the city.So much so, Rajagopal's office blocked tickets on all the Hyderabad-bound flights as the MP was keen to meet Naidu at least in the flight and explain his point of view. With tension growing in the area, the police suggested to the TDP leaders to wind up the protest programme early on the grounds that traffic on the Vijayawada-Hyderabad highway had come to a grinding halt. Responding to their pleas, Naidu concluded the dharna early and left the place.Surprising the police, Rajagopal wanted to organise the 'development meeting' at the same venue where Naidu participated in the dharna. He paid floral tributes to late PM Indira Gandhi's statue before addressing the media on the issue. \"Rajagopal's acts were completely undemocratic. As an opposition we have a right to sit on a protest to highlight the lapses in governance. Have you ever seen a ruling party leader launching protest? He should feel ashamed of himself for playing such cheap gimmicks,\" lashed out TDP leader Yerran Naidu. He asked Rajagopal to stage a dharna in front of the chief minister's residence or Sonia Gandhi's residence to complete the work. He termed Rajagopal as a joker of the Congress party.Earlier, Naidu asked Rajagopal to quit his MP seat if he fails to take up the flyover work near the Kanakadurga temple. Rebutting Rajagopal's claims on the technical troubles which could arise while taking up the flyover work, Naidu said the flyover could be constructed without causing any trouble to the vehicular movement on the highway. Questioning why the flyover was not technically feasible as said by the Congress MP, he promised to construct it once the TDP regains power in the state.Meanwhile, Rajagopal left for Hyderabad without meeting Naidu, who changed his schedule in the city. The MP, who waited at the airport to meet the TDP chief, had to proceed to Hyderabad as Naidu reportedly changed his plans at the last minute. Sources said Naidu took a late night train to Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396457", "title": "US consulate pitches in to restore heritage sites in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: There are only a few restoration projects that are exceptions to Chennai's poor track record in heritage conservation. The Senate House of the University of Madras is one of them and also among the historic sites where the US consulate has also pitched in.The US Ambassador's Fund for Cultural Preservation was granted to restore and renovate more than 10 heritage sites in India in the last 10 years, US consul general Jennifer McIntyre said on Monday. The fund helps organisations preserve, restore and document culturally significant sites and traditions, she said in her special address at the Young Indians Chennai Green Heritage Project at the Government Museum here.\"Green and heritage are important words to the US mission's work in India's development,\" she said at the function organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry.In the case of the Senate House, the 6 crore project was taken up after earlier attempts to restore the structure built in 1879 failed. As earlier committees didn't get enough funds to restore the building, considered one of the finest examples of Indo-Saracenic style, former vice-chancellor S P Thyagarajan and his team got an expert group to prepare a technical study in 2004. They detailed a stagewise process of restoration and outlined a plan of action to raise money. A restoration committee with both government officials and conservation experts was formed. The project saw the use of traditional methods of masonry and brick-work. The renovated Senate House was opened in time for the University's 150th celebrations in 2006.The consul general had recently said that the US consulate in Chennai had granted $50,000 for the restoration of the 121-year-old Oriental Research Institute building in Mysore, which houses more than 70,000 ancient manuscripts and 40,000 rare books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396712", "title": "Mothers get tips on yummy treats", "text": "CHENNAI: For Janaki, a media professional, life is all about time management. She has to whip up interesting dishes for her children and also manage a demanding work schedule. So she was all attention as chef Rohit Koshi demonstrated recipes that were simple yet tasty at Cappuccino, Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers, on Monday.\"I chose the recipes keeping the audience in mind,\" said chef Koshi, who has been in the profession for 15 years. \"Since people are not here for professional training, I kept it less elaborate. These dishes can be easily prepared at home.\"He started off by preparing fresh tomato bruschetta (chopped fresh tomatoes served on toasted slices of bread), followed by mushrooms a la grecque (sliced and sauteed mushroom served on bread slices). He then took the audience through the process of preparing risotto - a mixture of rice, charred corn and green peas. Koshi wrapped up the session with chicken nuggets prepared in barbeque sauce.Each dish was passed around for the audience to sample. People participated enthusiastically in the session and questions came hurtling at the chef. Some wanted to know where they could find herbs to garnish the dishes while others wanted to know more about the concept of blanching fruits or vegetables.Many working women found the session useful as it catered to their needs. \"It is difficult to meet the whimsical demands of my kids, who get easily bored of the same kind of cuisine. So I have to keep changing the recipes and find ones that not very time-consuming,\" said Janaki.Shobha Gwalani, an entrepreneur in the food industry, was all praise. \"The preparation of the barbecue sauce was demonstrated very well,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14403827", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee: Soon I will not be a political entity", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Soon I will not be a political entity,\" Pranab Mukherjee remarked hours before he resigns as finance minister to contest Presidential poll, but promised to deliver his \"last message\" before he bids adieu.Pranab Mukherjee received a warm send off from officials of Finance Ministry whom he thanked for the support extended during his three-year stint at North Block.In the midst of farewells he received on Monday, the 77-year-old leader promised the quotes-seeking media a \"last message\" before he submits his resignation to the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh somtime on Tuesday afternoon.\"I got full support of all officials in whatever I achieved so far as a finance minister. I thank all the officials for their support and co-operation,\" he remarked at a send-off hosted by told officials including finance secretary RS Gujral, economic affairs secretary R Gopalan and chief economic advisor Kaushik Basu.Earlier in the day, his Congress party's top leadership including its president Sonia Gandhi, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and general secretary Rahul Gandhi bid a warm farewell to Mukherjee, who affectionately is addressed as 'dada'.\"Soon, I will not be a part of the finance ministry, I will not be a political entity,\" Mukherjee said in his farewell speech to his colleagues in the finance ministry.As he arrived at his North Block office after receiving farewell from the Congress Working Committee - the party's highest decision making body, waiting media persons sought his comments.\"Tomorrow I will give my last message,\" a smiling Mukherjee remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14401047", "title": "Why netas can\u2019t resist the pull of G-force", "text": "BANGALORE: The G-category sites have come to haunt the politicians again with the resignation of law minister S Suresh Kumar. But why do they covet these sites? The sites in the upscale areas like HSR Layout, RMV Extension, BTM Layout, Indiranagar and HRBR Layout,which cost in crores, is given to netas at a throwaway price. The 80x50 sq ft sites are allotted for Rs 8 lakh to Rs 10 lakh,while the market rate in these areas is easily Rs 3 crore. Since 2004, over 520 persons, most of them politicians, have been given G-category sites in Bangalore.In most cases all rules governing the allotment of these sites have been violated. Former minister Kumar Bangarappa got 50x80 sq ft site at HSR Layout for Rs 8.57 lakh and sold it for Rs 85 lakh three days later Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda got a 50x80 sq ft site in the upmarket HSR Layout, but began constructing a commercial complex after amalgamating the adjoining site belonging to his fellow partyman, DV Jeevaraj Though he owned residential properties in Bangalore, former CM BS Yeddyurappa's son BY Raghavendra,who is also an MP, applied and obtained a site at RMV Extension.(He surrendered the site following a controversy)CAN'T CANCEL SITES: GOVT On June 8, 2012, the state government filed a statement before the high court stating that it has stopped giving instructions to BDA to allot G-category sites. It said that these sites already allotted cannot be cancelled as they were allotted under different regimes, under different set of laws and rules. The cancellation would result in complications. The statement has been filed in response to a PIL filed by a Bangalore advocate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14399682", "title": "Is it river sand that you got? Sand mafia fooling customers", "text": "KOCHI: You will be happy seeing your contractor delivering river sand in a tipper lorry with water dripping from it at your construction site. But don't just get carried away, as you have clearly been fooled by the contractor.Major rackets are operating in the district that dupe people by supplying ordinary sand as river sand and charging Rs 30,000 per load. These fraudsters lace ordinary sand with a small percentage of illegally-mined river sand and pour river water into it minutes before the load is delivered at the construction site.As per rough estimates, these racketeers are selling 100 such truck loads a day and making a whopping Rs 90 lakh as profit a month. Ordinary sand costs only about Rs 4,000 per load.The racket came to the light after a police team led by Ernakulam Rural Crime Detachment DySP K V Vijayan conducted a detailed probe into the activities of the sand mining mafia and the operation of sand parks in Ernakulam district.\"The mining of river sand has been regulated in the state. There is a huge demand for river sand and these racketeers are making use of this demand to mint money,\" police officials said. Police launched the probe to unearth the activities of the sand mining mafia following a directive from Ernakulam Range inspector general K Padmakumar.According to police officials, the sand mafia is operating with the connivance of people with licence to operate sand parks in the district. \"In the district, there are 107 licenced sand parks which have a total capacity to hold two lakh tonne of ordinary sand. We have started checking the purchase and sales bill of each sand park. Majority of these parks are fudging their records to avoid detection,\" officials said.As per records, the maximum number of sand parks are situated in Kunnathunad taluk (43), followed by Kanayannoor (28), Aluva (26), Paravoor (7), Kochi (2) and Kothamangalam (1).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14400679", "title": "Indian Medical Association strike hits patients hard", "text": "NOIDA: Hundreds of patients were seen running from pillar to post on Monday to get treatment even as thousands of doctors affiliated to Indian Medical Association (IMA) boycotted work. The doctors were protesting the proposed amendments to Acts related to clinical establishment and private practice. The day-long stir, which doctors claimed was successful, hit healthcare and medical services across the district.Even nursing homes, diagnostic centres and private clinics were shut in support of the nationwide strike. Although emergency services such as surgery and road accident cases were on in hospitals, OPDs in nearly 22 hospitals were totally deserted. On the other hand, OPD at the district hospital was overcrowded recording inflow of nearly 1,700 patients on Monday. \"We saw an unprecedented number of patients on Monday. Possibly, it was because of the strike and private hospital OPDs being shut,\" said a doctor on duty.Even though OPDs were shut, patients who had come from Agra, Faridabad, Meerut, Ghaziabad, Gurgaon, etc with prior doctors' appointments were given medical treatment. \"Due to the nationwide strike called by IMA, we shut all OPD services. But patients who had an appointment and came from other far off cities were provided with medical services. All emergency cases were handled on priority,\" said BB Joshi, manager at Kailash Hospital.\"I came all the way from Rohini to get my 12-year-old daughter treated for a neurological ailment. I did not know that doctors were on strike,\" said Sunita Devi, the patient's mother.Wearing black bands, the doctors collected at Kailash hospital. Voicing their protest, they were unanimous against introducing the National Commission for Human Resources for Health Bill (NCHRH), 2011, and claimed that it would create an organization that supersedes the now-defunct MCI and all other paramedical councils.In Greater Noida too, the situation was much the same. OPDs in several hospitals, clinics and private nursing homes remained closed and patients were asked to come back on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14400057", "title": "Action plan to save bears in state soon", "text": "RANCHI: Bears in Jharkhand will get the much-needed support for survival. The Wildlife Institute of India (WII) and Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) organized a workshop on bear conservation on Monday under the aegis of the Union ministry of environment and forests. It is an initiative to prepare a \"Bear conservation action plan\" for Jharkhand.Sharing this information, principal chief conservator of forest A K Singh and principal chief conservator of forest and bio-diversity A K Malhotra said the statewide bear conservation plan would be compiled to prepare a \"National Bear Conservation Plan\" which would be finally released at the International Bear Association conference to be held later this year.A total of 35 district forest officials who also participated in the workshop provided important details to officials of WII and WTI.Of the 29 bear ranging states in India, Jharkhand is one of the most important.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397291", "title": "Realtors build education links", "text": "BANGALORE: Ten years ago, real estate and education had nothing much in common, except for the price. Not so anymore. Realtors are entering the education space in a big way. Many international schools here are run by one realtor or the other.Like Prestige Group is the promoter of Inventure Academy, Mantri Developers Pvt Ltd is on the board of trustees of Indus International, Trio World School is owned by MCN Group, Greenwood High has been taken over by Salapuria Sattva, Gopalan International School is run by Gopalan Group, Canadian International School is owned by Sterling Developers and Stonehill International is part of the Embassy Group Education Initiative.They have different reasons for this move. Ramani Sastri, who has been in construction for 30 years, took over Canadian International School in 2002. School executive director Shweta Sastri explains: \"There were two reasons for taking over a six-year-old school. Our passion for education and because it was on the verge of closure. Two Canadians were running the school and they were not too familiar with the Indian system. They wanted to go back and we were worried about its 280 students. When they approached us, we grabbed the opportunity.\"\"I think we started this trend in the city and it picked up quite fast. For any school, infrastructure is one of the most important factors. The school, therefore, has to tie up with a builder. Now, I guess the reverse is happening -- the builder himself is starting the school. But I think the ulterior intention varies with individuals.\"The land parcels they own and their ability to bring down construction costs are also big factors to get into education. Agrees Bijay Agarwal, chairman of Sattva Group and Greenwood High: \"With the expertise in construction, 30%-40% of the hurdle is crossed. Education and hotels are tempting options for realtors.\"K M Naveen, director, Trio World School, added: \"One of the main challenges in opening a school is investing in land and having all facilities viz soccer field, swimming pool, basketball court, a big playground with equipment for toddlers, etc. Considering these factors, using land to provide education is a better choice than building apartments or other ventures.\"But Snehal Mantri differs: \"Already being in construction is no advantage. It's administration and managing that matters for a school. For us, it was a great dream to have an education centre to create leaders of tomorrow.\" Snehal also talks about the business model: \"Many builders see potential in upcoming townships which have a large number of school-going children. It's like backward integration.\"The respect a person in the education sector commands is also alluring. \"It's a different kind of pleasure than what you get in real estate. It gives you a different kind of status. For instance, we had former President APJ Abdul Kalam on campus last week. If I'd asked him to come to inaugurate a construction on 100 acres, he wouldn't have come. There's also satisfaction of giving back to society. Commercial benefit is only secondary,\" said Bijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401465", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation committee okays travel allowance for councillors", "text": "PATNA: The Standing Committee of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC), for the first time on Monday, approved a proposal to sanction Rs 6,000 per month to each councillor as travelling allowance (TA). So far, they were getting only Rs 500 to attend board meeting.The seven-member Standing Committee, chaired by mayor Afzal Imam, approved the proposal to give travelling allowance to the councillors on a monthly basis. \"Since the holding tax collection of PMC increased during 2011-12, the Standing Committee approved the proposal,\" said Imam.The committee also set a deadline for the four circle officers to complete drain cleaning work in their respective areas. \"All the circle officers were asked to complete drain cleaning work in their respective circles by July 5. The ward councillors would give in writing to the Standing Committee the progress of the work.The committee also cleared a proposal for allotment of Rs 5 lakh to each ward councillor for the development of their respective wards. \"I have asked the councillors to inspect their wards along with PMC engineers and see the problems,\" Imam said.PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal said, \"Once the two proposals are cleared by the PMC board, the sanction of fund will be confirmed.\" He added the PMC would soon issue new tenders for the completion of development work in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14397227", "title": "Hike in job scheme wage amount to prove headache for Tamil Nadu", "text": "TRICHY: The increase in wages for workers under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act ( MGREGA) may become a headache for the state government as people from urban areas have also started demanding jobs under the scheme.For instance, a group of 100 women from Keezha Kalkandar Kottai which comes under ward number 63 of the Trichy corporation thronged the Trichy district collectorate to petition the collector to create jobs under the scheme. According to R Indirani, one of the petitioners, as many as 300 persons from Keezha Kalkandar Kottai village were provided jobs under MGNREGA until their area was included in the Trichy corporation last year. Since then, they were all struggling for survival as they could not get employment.The scheme was intended to improve the economy of the rural people. Even though many of them were aware of the scheme, they were suddenly attracted by the recent announcement on the hike in wages from Rs 119 to Rs 132. Likewise, two panchayats, Pappakurichi and Ellakudi in Trichy, were also included in the corporation limits.On the other hand, residents were of the view that despite being under corporation limits, their area was still reeling under lack of infrastructure. So, their chance of improving their economy also dwindled. Hence, they decided to demand extension of scheme to them as well. When contacted, P Velmurugan, AIADMK councillor of 63rd ward of the corporation, was evasive and said he could not comment on the issue.Meanwhile, farmers felt bad about the wage hike. Commenting on the issue, P Ayyakannu, state vice-president of the Bharatiya Kisan Sangam (BKS), said the hike would bring a windfall gain to elected representatives of local bodies. In contrast, the shortage of labour for agriculture would not come to an end. With the introduction of the scheme, labour had become slothful as local body representatives were lenient with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14397364", "title": "Truant rains may force resowing operations in West Vidarbha region", "text": "AKOLA: Farmers in rural parts of West Vidarbha are in a quandary due to the lack of rainfall in the last 5-6 days. They are fearful that they may have to undertake resowing operations if there are no rains over the next five to six days, sources said. Crops that have already been sowed and have germinated are in danger, and urgently require rainfall if they are to survive.Meanwhile, farmers have halted further sowing operations till the rains return. Sources said that 8 to 20% sowing operations have been completed after the heavy rainfall in the region on Sunday and Monday last week, farmers said. Now, farmers are waiting for rains to return so they can start sowing operations.Sowing operations in Akola district have been completed on 38,638 hectare of agricultural land. Akola district has received average rainfall of 147.72mm till Sunday last.The problem of fodder supply for cattle would also worsen if there are no rains this week. Further, the water level in rivers, tanks, dams, nullahs, ponds, etc has not increased at all since there has not been enough rainfall over the last week.The dismal situation has also been exacerbated due to the rise in daily wages of agriculture labourers, hitting farmers financially.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14398723", "title": "Seafarers demand homes for the aged, welfare centre", "text": "MARGAO: The seafarer community received a boost after Dr Suresh Indnani, president of the International Maritime Health Association and trustee on its international committee endorsed their demands and appealed to the state government to provide an homes for the aged and welfare centres in the state for their benefit.Indnani, who was the guest of honour for the function organized by Goa Seamen Association of India (GSAI) to commemorate International Seafarers Day, appealed to the commissioner for NRI affairs Wilfred Mesquita, while delivering his keynote address.Indnani further promised to seek financial support from other seafarer welfare agencies, associations and trusts in his capacity to help sustain the homes for the aged and welfare centres. He further appealed that the old age home be set up in Salcete. GSAI members further demanded that the state government help convince the Union government to ratify the Maritime Labour Convention, 2006, which would benefit seafarers greatly and improve their working conditions. The function, that celebrated the work of Goan seafarers, felicitated those retired in the presence of Mesquita, Indnandi, captain of ports James Braganza, chairman of overseas agencies, admiral John Dias, and others including the GSIA executive committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396685", "title": "Minister\u2019s son dies in road accident", "text": "CHENNAI: The 27-year-old son of state minister for food and cooperation Sellur K Raju died early on Monday of injuries sustained earlier in a road accident on NSC Bose Road.Around 11.50pm on Sunday, police said, R Tamizhmani was riding his Enfield bike (TN-59 AU 9555) to Broadway from Parry's Corner when the vehicle hit a speed breaker on NSC Bose Road. He lost control and was thrown to the ground.\"He was not wearing a helmet and suffered severe injuries to the head. He was also injured in the chest,\" said a traffic official.Alerted of the incident by a few shop-keepers in the area, police rushed to the spot and took him to the Government General Hospital from where he was shifted to a private hospital.He was admitted at the hospital around 1.30am and was put on a ventilator. He died without responding to the treatment around 2.20am.After a post-mortem at Government General Hospital his body was taken to Madurai, his home town, police said.The Elephant Gate traffic investigation police who initially registered a case under IPC section 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) later altered the section to 304 A (causing death by negligence).Tamizhmani, the only son of Sellur K Raju, completed his diploma in yoga and was teaching yoga, police sources said. Tamzhilmani was living with his father, mother and two sisters at the ministers' quarters on Greenways Road, Chennai.An official press release said that chief minister J Jayalalithaa spoke over the phone to the bereaved family and expressed her condolences, while minister Natham R Viswanathan placed a wreath on her behalf. Several ministers and MLAs paid their last respects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14397766", "title": "DU's first cutoff list offers cut-throat competition, as colleges play safe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Colleges of Delhi University played safe as they announced an inflated cutoff list late night on Monday. The first of the five cutoff lists to be announced by Delhi University for admission to its various undergraduate courses across colleges witnessed a new high in sought-after courses like BCom (honours), BA (honours) in economics, English and history and BSc (honours) in physics and chemistry.With hardly a few percentage left for a perfect 100% cutoff, many popular colleges like Shri Ram College of Commerce, Lady Shri Ram College and Sri Venkateswara exercised restrain, while others went all out hiking the cutoffs upto 11% in courses like BA (honours) in history. And for science students who decided to join a regular degree course instead of any professional course might have to rethink as Monday's cutoffs have witnessed increase up to 10%.Though SRCC stayed away from a 100% cutoff for its BCom (honours) course, it registered 96.5% for commerce aspirants and 98.5% for others. LSR's BCom cutoff remained unchanged at 97% this year. Even Sri Venkateswara College has maintained its 97% to 98% as the cutoff range for BCom (h) -- higher than SRCC -- while registering comparatively marginal increase in the rest of the courses. Despite just one admission in the first list last year, Kirori Mal College continued to be extra cautious by posting 96.75% as the cutoff for BCom (honours). DU sources said the cutoffs in BCom (honours) and BCom programme is expected to drop by as much a 5% in the second list in outside the campus colleges.Some of the courses witnessing the big jump this year are BA (honours), BA (honours) English, BSc (honours) mathematics and BSc (honours) physics (h), among others.In sciences the cutoffs for BSc (honours) in physics and chemistry at SGTB Khalsa College remained the same as last - 92% and 90% respectively. However, the college has hiked the cutoff for BA programme by 8%, English (h) and history (h) by 7% each.Ramjas has increased the cutoff for BA (honours) history by 11%, which means for a humanities candidate admission in the first list opens at 91% or more. Even in BSc (honours) chemistry Ramjas has hiked it by 10.5%. Gargi College and Maitreyi College too are not far behind Ramjas, increasing their BA (honours) history cutoff by a whopping 10%.College authorities say that though they have come up with a an 'unrealistic' cutoffs and will drop in the subsequent list by upto 5%, they resorted to high cutoffs to avoid admissions beyond their capacity.First cutoff admissions begins on Tuesday, June 26 and will continue till June 28, 2012. The second cutoff will be declared on June 28, 2012 and students will be able to access it at midnight at DU's official website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "solapur", "code": "14398914", "title": "Solapur female feticide: Suspects in judicial custody", "text": "SOLAPUR: The district and sessions court in Solapur sent four suspects arrested in a female foeticide case to 14 days judicial custody on Monday. Doctor couple Ajit and Priyadrashini Upase, at whose hospital the fetus was aborted, are still at large.\"Midwife Lalita Kamble, Kalpana and Kashinath Konda, the couple who got the fetus aborted, and Sangita Gurav, a doctor at the Upase hospital, were given judicial custody of 14 days. The court will hear their bail application on Tuesday,\" said the suspects' lawyer Shashi Kulkarni. The public prosecutor had requested that the court extend the suspects' police custody by four more days.Kamble, a midwife who worked at the hospital run by the Upase couple in Solapur, was caught burying a female foetus in a crematorium by BJP corporator Suvarna Hiremath and her husband on June 21. The midwife opened a Pandora's box when she said that she had buried six more foetuses which had been aborted at the hospital.Inspector Y B Shirke said the Upase couple, who are the co-accused in the case, have applied for anticipatory bail before the district and sessions court. \"The court will hear the couple's bail application on Wednesday. They are still absconding,\" a health official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14405506", "title": "Richa Chadda wants to be like Meryl Streep", "text": "Actor Richa Chadda prefers a de-glam role in B'wood, she tells TOI on her recent visitA keen observer Two films and a few adverts later, Richa Chadda seems to have passed her agni pariksha in Bollywood , if critical appreciation for her firebrand performance in Anurag Kashyap's \" Gangs Of Wasseypur \" can be called a trial by fire for her. However, the Delhi girl says it did much more for her personally. \"The film changed me as a person. I grew up while it was being made. Now, I don't just see things, I observe. Physically, it was a very challenging film. I play a woman from 16 to beyond 40, and in a day I would have to age thrice depending on the scene I was shooting.The experience taught me so much. Today when I see a woman walking by, I wonder, 'she must be at least 42, it shows in her slow walk, or is she shuffling because her knees can't take her weight. Could it be that she has calcium deficiency from giving several births?' So you see, the film has made me more human,\" she shares.Power Packed She is also now more willing to take risks. So, even as we wonder about Richa's choice of a de-glam role, she shoots back, \"Oh but look, it was so powerful. Indian women are powerful, they are the centre of the family. And I played one such strong character. You tell me, which is a bigger deal - a glammed up doll, or a character who has a husband who strikes terror in the hearts of everyone around mouths a dialogue that goes, ' hum tumhari maa ke paas nahi jaayenge, unse hamaari phatati hai! ' That's me and I am very proud of my performance. And as for de-glam, if I am good looking, no one can take that away from me na, nor my age. If I deliver a good performance, there will be takers na, always. So why do I need to worry? Honestly, I feel, career ho toh Meryl Streep jaisa . Just look at this, Sharon stone is six years younger to Streep, is better looking and has diverse talents. But who gets the meat in Hollywood? Meryl Streep. Because she delivers such great performances. I want to be like her. I don't say I want to be the next Meryl Streep or Waheeda Rehman. I want to be Richa, but have a graph like theirs.\"Mumbai Calling While the future course her career will chart is yet to be seen, the actor says she is sure of the profession she has opted for. Indeed, she says her challenge was never looking for a job, it was actually to convince her parents that acting was all she wanted to do. \"My parents are simple people, films s e toh door tak ka naata nahin hai. Ghar mein toh the stress was always on padhai. What do you expect, my mom's a DU professor and my dad is also into academics. My dad's the kind who will even now come to meet me and press an MBA ka form while saying bye, ki beta dekh lena, time ho toh padh lena for the exam !' So, while they never really stopped me from doing what I wanted, their stock reply was 'Dekh lo, do what you think is best' whenever I broached the topic of acting or going to Mumbai. But they insisted I had to finish graduation. So, I did that. Finished college and then tried and succeeded at failing every qualifying exam except the ones that could get me to Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "14395975", "title": "Woman kills self day after hubby's suicide", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: A 21-year-old woman committed suicide by hanging herself a day after her husband ended his life in a similar manner as he was depressed over his ill-health. They got married two months ago.The victim's family is, however, not convinced that illness was the reason behind the suicide of Haresh Wagh (23). Haresh and his wife Usha had been living in a rented room in Shivaji Nagar since their marriage. Haresh worked as a technician.Cops said since the last few days, Haresh had been depressed over his ill-health. Last Thursday, when Usha was not at home, he allegedly hanged himself from the ceiling. On Saturday, after attending a ritual for Haresh's death, Usha hanged herselfat the same spot where her husband had hanged himself.She was found dead on Sunday morning when her family members came to meet her.Investigator said Haresh were three brothers Haresh, Praful and Vishal. Before getting married Praful and Haresh was living with parents but after getting married they buy separate house.The death of both had shocked to entire family as well as neighbors.The victim's family is upset over reason given by police and demanding probe in to reason for both's suicide.Talking to TOI, Haresh's father Baban said \"My son was ill due to jaundice since last two days before committing suicide but we have doubt that there might be some other reason for his suicide and police should investigate the reason\".A neighbour of the victim said, \"We don't know more about couple as they were very new in area but whenever we saw them we found them to be quite okay.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "14396105", "title": "Bar staff washed out blood stains after murder", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: Police investigating the murder of bookie Rajesh Kukreja in Dhuru bar have found that the owner and manager told staff to wash out blood stains from the dance floor. and continued functioning.Bar manager Dev Kumar Shetty has been arrested for destruction of evidence. Cops are looking for bar owner Mahesh Shetty.It was also found that Ulhasnagar police officials wrongly showed that the murder took place on the staircase and within the deadline. It has been revealed that But when Kukreja family protested, subsequent investigations showed that the incident took place on the dance floor and after the bar deadline. Joint commissioner of police Bipin Kumar Singh visited the bar on Saturday.A hunt is on for a girl, identified as Seema, who reportedly worked at the bar and had called Kukreja to the bar. Involvement of another bookie, Kamlesh Lakhani, is also being probed.Kamlesh and Kukreja were once friends and partners in betting but had fought inside Dhuru bar over a payment issue. Police had then booked both of them, following cross complaints.Siddharth Wagh, senior police inspector with Ulhasnagar police station said, \"So far we have arrested five people including bar manager who ordered his staff to wash blood strains on the dance floor. There are more people involved.\"Those arrested are former Shiv Sena corporator Shekhar Yadav, an MNS worker, Kishan Donglekar, Sunil Chikne, Sunil Jadhav alias Nigro alias Lottery and Dev Kumar Shetty, bar manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14400250", "title": "Embrace a hot week: Met department", "text": "KANPUR: The first day of the week was yet another hot day as mercury level further increased and touched a new high of 43.2 degrees. Minimum temperature too climbed up and was measured as 26.8 degree Celsius.Both the maximum and minimum temperatures were approximately 4 degrees above normal which is 39.6 degrees and 23.6 degrees respectively. According to the weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, there will be no change in the prevailing weather conditions on Tuesday. The met department, however predicted light showers on Wednesday.Anirudh Dubey, weather scientist at CSA informed that though the sky will remain cloudy in the days to come, there will be no relief from the scorching heat. If it rains in the weekend, humidity level will raise making the conditions uncomfortable.Several places of the city received isolated rains in wee hours on Monday. Yashodanagar, Shyamnagar, Kidwainagar etc were the places that received scanty rainfall. But the CSA records could not measure the rains as they were below measuring point. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata/darjeeling", "code": "14399090", "title": "State sets July 29 date for GTA polls", "text": "KOLKATA/DARJEELING: Amidst the threat of agitation looming large over the Hills, the Mamata Banerjee government on Monday announced July 29 as the date of election in the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) area.This is significant especially because it is a much-awaited event in the Hills, and there is a general feeling that people in the Hills are keenly awaiting the elections.Also significant is the fact that the date was announced formally before a delegation led by Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) calls on chief minister Mamata Banerjee later this week. It is being seen as a clever move by the state government, even though the announcement was slated to be made.GJM president Bimal Gurung is in Delhi right now to talk to Union home minister P Chidambaram and will be in Kolkata to talk to chief minister Mamata Banerjee \"to feel the pulse\" of the leaders before announcing the course of their agitation. On Sunday, Gurung had said: \"It is the government's job to issue notification, but to participate or not is our decision.\"A note announcing the elections in the GTA sabha was released by state home secretary Basudeb Banerjee, who is also secretary of the Hills affairs department.On Monday, GJM MLA Harka Bahadur Chhetri said that \"the government cannot force its will on the Morcha\", and that the issues regarding the Shyamal Sen report, \"which is a big blunder, has to be ironed out first\". Chhetri said the state could not force the elections on the parties and this could be a ploy to put pressure on the GJM.Chhetri was, however, optimistic about Gurung's visiting leaders in Delhi and Kolkata and hoped things would be sorted out soon.Last week, notification was issued for delimitation for the area where elections would be held, which officially confirmed the number of elected seats as being 45 and another five for nominated members to be selected. Earlier, there were 28 seats in the GTA area.Tension has been simmering in the Hills ever since the Shyamal Sen Committee report has been submitted before the government, as the report recommends the inclusion of five mouzas in the GTA while the demand from the GJM was to include 396 mouzas.Though the GJM had earlier demanded that the polls be kept on hold till the issue of inclusion of mouzas be sorted out, the party is less forthcoming on the issue now.Some within the GJM, however, are in favour of elections, because they feel it will give them an official mandate that they have the people's support, which essentially means more power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14395755", "title": "Senior citizen consumes toilet cleaner, ends life", "text": "A senior citizen and a 35-year-old man committed suicides in separate instances at Dahisar (E) on Sunday.In the first case, Sunil Sawant (61), depressed over his ailments, consumed a toilet cleaner at his Rawalpada residencedepressed with his ailments. Sawant is survived by his wife and two children who were at home when the incident took place. Police officials said Sawant was diabetic and also suffered from mental health problems. He was consulting a psychiatrist for treatment.On Sunday evening, Sawant retired to his bedroom for taking rest. Around 8.30 pm, his family members called him for dinner but he did not respond. When they entered his bedroom, they found Sawant lying on the ground. Sawant was rushed to the Navneet Hospital at Dahisar East.While undergoing treatment, he died on Monday morning. A case of accidental death has been registered.In the second case, a tailor, Krishnakumar Pasi, ended his life by hanging himself at from the ceiling of his Kokanipada residence. Pasi scribbled his father-in-law's name on the wall, blaming him for the actbefore taking the drastic step.According to the police, Pasi was an alcoholic and used to harass his wife. He was mostly out of work and was unable to run the house properly. \"Pasi's father-in-law would reprimand him for his failure to provide sufficient food for his wife and child. As a result, the two men would end up having fights frequently. A few days before Pasi committed suicide, his father-in-law had taken his daughter and 5-year-old grandchild with him to his hometown in UP,\" a police official said.The police said Pasi had committed suicide as he was depressed with the separation from his wife and child. Though a case of abetment has been registered against Pasi's father-in-law, senior officials said he wouldn't be arrested immediately. \"We will first question him. Had he complained to us about Pasi's behaviour in the past, we could have booked the latter for domestic violence,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14399255", "title": "City doctor saves underweight baby girl", "text": "NASHIK: A baby girl who was delivered 26 months after conception and weighed barely 555 gm has been saved by city doctor Sanjay Aher with special neonatal care. The baby now 1500 gm will be released on Tuesday. This is the first case of survival in such an underweight baby in entire North Maharashtra, claim hospital authorities.\"The baby was conceived through In Vitro Fertilization (IVF). The baby was 555 gm when it was born during the seventh month,\" informed Dr Sanjay Aher of Neo Care Hospital. \"The baby was so tiny that she easily fitted into the palm of a hand. This is the smallest baby in North Maharashtra who will be going home. Usually, such babies do not survive. She was in the incubator since April 1 and has been given all kinds of special care. Feeding had to be intravenous. Now she can be fed mother's milk with spoon and can breathe normally without a ventilator,\" he said.The baby's lungs were not properly developed initially and in addition she had jaundice, low blood sugar. \"All the necessary treatment and care have been given to the baby and now after three months we have been able to bring her weight to 1500 gm,\" said Dr Aher.He said that girls have more chances of survival since they have better fighting power. \"We have asked the parents to bring the baby twice a week to us for follow-ups. Premature babies cope up very well later on and are like normal children,\" he said.He added that all the medical facilities are now available in Nashik and that people need not go to Mumbai or Pune any more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397158", "title": "Krishna, Kuchela would've remained apart, says U R Ananthamurthy", "text": "BANGALORE: The prominent requirement in the educational system is common schooling as the existing system does not allow children from different backgrounds to mix, Jnanpith award winning writer U R Ananthamurthy said on Monday.\"If the Mahabharatha characters Krishna and his poor mate Kuchela were to have lived now, the former would be in a specialized school and the latter in a government school,\" the writer said while delivering the 17th Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan Memorial Lecture on \"Growing up as a writer in a regional India language\" here.He said anyone writing in a regional language should not think it will be translated into English as then one would end up writing only what could be translated. \"The strength of writing in regional languages is that it will create a movement,\" he said.Ananthamurthy said that every language had a frontyard and a backyard. Philosophy prevailed in the frontyard, while stories thrived in the backyard enriching literature.\"Regional languages have the richness that can be more impactful than international literature. If we forgot all languages and only one common language existed, India would be a colourless and tasteless country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14400265", "title": "Dangling wires that can kill", "text": "PANCHKULA: It seems true that the authorities get into action only when an untoward incident happens. Almost everyone who goes by the sectors 11 and 15 dividing road in Panchkula gets to see a loose electricity cable, hanging to a low height, but still connected to a working transformer. In case one accidently touches the cable, the consequences would be deadly. This is the place where school buses drop hundred of kids every day, and vehicles ply most of the time. And the electricity department? Who cares! So many complaints but not one was addressed to, rue residents.Madan Gupta, who lives in Sector 10 of Panchkula, fumed: \"This area is the heart of the city. Touching the wire can result in instant death. Authorities have never bothered to fix the flaw.\"Another resident, Vandita Diwan of Sector 12, anxiously said: \"I was walking along with my son to the gurdwara on Sunday. Thank God we sighted the wire in time or else, we would have been electrocuted.\"Nalini Chopra, a student of Class VIII, who lives in Sector 15, said in her innocent low-toned voice: \"My school bus drops me here and I walk home. I do not why no one hears our repeated complaints.\"When contacted, sub-divisional officer of Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam Limited, Himanshu Sheokand, assured of a timely action and said he shall send officials to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14396695", "title": "Future tense: Kolkata fails sustainability test by miles", "text": "KOLKATA: The three-centuries-old City of Joy may find it tough to survive another century if civic authorities do not act decisively to make Kolkata sustainable.A report card on Kolkata's sustainability prepared by Joyashree Roy, a member of the Nobel prize-winning IPCC team and professor of economics at Jadavpur University, indicates that a majority of current practices are unsustainable. Not only is the city woefully inefficient in the use of natural resources like water, land and open spaces, the transportation system as it exists currently in unsustainable.The results on several parameters have sent red warning lights flashing while others are gray areas with absence of adequate data. The study threw up many areas of concern and only few that provided hope.The city's transport system fares the worst with the sector unsustainable on nine out of 10 measurement parameters. The existing modal split, lack of sustainable transport options, insufficient transport options, absence of bicycle lanes and paths, poor quality of bus ridership, few alternative fuelled vehicles in the fleet, traffic congestion, poor safety of pedestrians and bicyclists and adverse traffic impacts to emergency response are major hurdles in making the sector sustainable.\"The transport system in the city may be inexpensive, but it is not comfortable and the current fare structure is definitely not sustainable. There are no bicycle tracks in the city. Instead, bicycling is prohibited on major roads. Other than the court-directed switchover from petrol to LPG in the case of autorickshaws, there is no policy to encourage alternative fuel vehicles in the fleet. Traffic congestion is a problem that not only adds to emission pollution, it affects emergency response by stalling fire tenders and ambulances. We need to seriously look at the sector and chalk out an overhaul to ensure that the city moves and does not get paralyzed,\" said Roy.In resource conservation, the city fares poorly with five parameters - solid waste generation, water use and per capita availability, energy use, renewable energy use and green construction - in the red. The remaining three parameters - greenhouse gas emission, ecological footprint, indicator of sustainable procurement - are in gray.\"The city simply cannot afford to flitter away a precious resource like water. When water runs down the tap because it costs Kolkata zero cash, we forget the resource is lost forever and future generations will be deprived of it. No advice, no awareness will work unless it costs us and we start valuing it,\" the professor said. Daily, 103 million gallon of water is wasted in Kolkata, a loss of Rs 8 lakh a day.In environmental and public health indicators, 50% of parameters - water-borne diseases, waste water/sewage generation, air quality, residential household hazard waste, toxic air contaminant releases, fast food purchases - are in red. Except for one, the rest - vehicle miles travelled, recycling of hazardous materials, urban runoff reduction, organic produce - are gray due to lack of adequate data. The only positive is the abundant fresh local produce around the city.\"Our existing accounting framework encourages polluting, wasteful behaviour. Currently, we function, act and behave in a social system where natural and environmental resources are not only not valued at the same level as physical, capital and human capital but almost attached zero or very low value. We need to correct our framework for performance evaluation to integrate new assets like natural resources, natural environment and many more whose contribution now go unaccounted for,\" said Roy.She has already forwarded the sustainability report and new accounting mechanism to Kolkata Municipal Corporation commissioner Arnab Roy and hopes it will be integrated into the system so that the city can become sustainable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14395928", "title": "Rs 50cr for water schemes in parched state", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as it deals with the fire tragedy at Mantralaya, the state government is staring at the possibility of another disaster. The drinking water and drought crisis could worsen further with the regional Met department stating that the current dry spell could last for at least three more days.Rains have played truant so far this monsoon. Even as an average 221.1 mm is witnessed in June, only 118.8 mm rainfall has been witnessed in the state so far this year. At the same time last year, about 170.9 mm rainfall had been recorded. What's added to the concern is that only 13% usable water remains in dams across the state.Deputy CM Ajit Pawar also clarified that it had been decided to reserve dam water solely for drinking water purposes. Concern over the situation marked proceedings on the first day that Mantralaya resumed work after the fire tragedy. The state cabinet meeting on Monday decided to sanction an additional Rs 50 crore for various water supply schemes in drought-prone areas. A decision to continue with all drought-relief measures till July 15 was also taken. Following the cabinet meeting, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan held a separate meeting with senior officials to discuss the issue.A drought-like situation persists in 187 villages and 6,538 wadis in the state. About 2,538 tankers have been pressed into service to supply water in these places. Over 231 fodder camps have been set up.Chief secretary Jayantkumar Banthia had earlier held a video conference meeting with collectors of all 35 districts to review the drinking water and drought crisis.At the cabinet meeting, minister Madhukar Chavan and Jaydutt Kshirsagar raised the issue of funds for drought relief not being made available for employment guarantee schemes in some affected parts of Osmanabad and Beed. The CM issues instructions to the collectors concerned, asking them to immediately release the funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14399987", "title": "Doctors\u2019 strike does not disrupt operations", "text": "COIMBATORE: The strike called by doctors in the district to protest the amendments to the Clinical Establishment Act (CEA), 2010, and National Commission for Human Resources for Health (NCHRH) Bill, 2011, proposed by Union health ministry, had little impact on patients visiting the hospital, on Monday.While only few clinics and smaller nursing homes were closed, bigger hospitals remained active with patients being treated without any disruption. Despite the strike, all doctors were present, said K Shanmugham, a resident of Singanallur who had come for a check up at GKNM hospital. \"We were aware that doctors were planning to strike, but when we reached the hospital we had no difficulty getting treated,\" he said.Doctors in smaller hospitals complained that the message was not communicated properly and thus many could not participate. Devadath Thomas, managing director of Siloam Thomas Eye Hospital said that the issue was certainly important for the amendments would affect smaller hospitals. However, he said they had a duty to treat patients.AK Ravikumar, secretary, IMA, Private Hospitals Board, Tamil Nadu, said that the strike was a success as most doctors working with smaller hospitals and nursing homes stayed away from work. Only the emergency cases were attended to.He also said that a memorandum was submitted to Coimbatore collector M Karunagaran regarding the issue.Doctors feel that the proposed amendments are anti-patient, anti-public and anti-doctors. The bill curtailed the power and autonomy of professional organizations like Indian Medical Association. It suggested setting up of a superior body to govern the state medical councils.In Ooty doctors attached the IMA in the Nilgiris stayed away from their clinics and nursing homes on Monday. However, all the four government hospitals in the Nilgiris located in Ooty, Coonoor, Kotagiri and Gudalur functioned as usual besides government healthcare centers in Panchayats in the Nilgiris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14398973", "title": "Tres bien! French textbook revision complete", "text": "PANAJI: A new French textbook has been implemented in Class XII from the academic year 2012-13 by the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education. The revision of French curriculum, carried out by the board in a phased manner from Classes VIII to XII, has been completed this year.\"We revise textbooks from time to time to keep pace with the changing needs of students and teachers. The French textbook was not revised for a long time so we took up the task five years ago. The phased implementation of the new textbooks began with Class VIII and ended this year with Class XII,\" an official source said.Compilation of the new textbook was overseen by the Goa board's board of studies. \"A panel of the language teachers was formed called the editorial board which also included some members from the board of studies. The editorial board prepared the new textbook with feedback from students and teachers. Faculty from Goa University's French department was also involved in the exercise,\" the source said.Close to 500 students across Goa study French as a third language in Class XII. \"The chapters that have been added or revised have been photocopied and delivered to schools before the academic year could begin so students would not be inconvenienced as the new textbooks are being printed,\" the official said.Goa board has also implemented new Hindi textbooks in Class IX and XI this year following complaints from teachers as well as parents that the earlier textbooks were not suitable to the needs of Goan students.\"There were complaints over the last couple of years that the Hindi textbook of the National Council for Educational Research and Training had heavy influences of north Indian languages like Maithili and Bhojpuri. An editorial board was formed that interacted with Hindi teachers and compiled the new textbook as per the needs and grasping capacity of the students,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401116", "title": "Woman arrested for misleading police", "text": "MUMBAI: Oshiwara police had arrested a 32-year-old woman, Manju Vishwakarma, in a prank call case recently. She called main police control room and claimed that two persons had been killed at Andheri (west). The police didn't find any such incident and arrested her for misleading them.She had a dispute with a family member live at Fakirwadi and wanted to harass the police when they denied favouring her in the matter. She claimed that she was a social worker and threatened the police for not taking her side.On June 16, early morning the police control room received a call about the double murder. Manju told the police that brutal murder took in the area. The control room asked Oshiwara policemen to rush to the spot. The policemen enquired with entire area about the murder and found that there was no such incident took place. The policemen checked the control room record and trace the number from which they had received the call. The police managed to trace Manju. She confessed the crime. She had a dispute with her husband and wanted the police to put him behind the bar. When the policemen denied her request she played prank to harass them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14400177", "title": "Open drains, manholes pose a serious threat in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi may soon experience a Gurgaon-like incident -- where a four-year-old Mahi lost her life after falling into a bore well despite an 80-hour attempt to save her -- given the failure of the local administration to cover the large number of open drains and manholes that dot the city.With the Monsoon fast approaching, it's about time that the civic administration here cover these open drains and manholes to avoid any untoward incident.A huge drain at line tank which is covered on one side but lies open where the road takes a turn is one such example. The open portion of the drain poses a risk for anybody who travel on that road. Rajiv, a street vendor who sells his wares near the drain, said: \"It is very risky. I see people, particularly those on mobikes, often lose their balance near the drain due to the bumpy road and heavy traffic. Till date nobody has fallen into the drain but if somebody does then he will be seriously injured as there are iron rods sticking out.\"Similarly, an uncovered water-filled drain at Kokar, poses a serious problem for passersby. The drain is currently filled with rain water and it is difficult to make out its actual death.Santosh, a local resident, said: \"It wasn't a problem during summer as the drain is dry so people used to be careful not to walk near it. With the city experiencing frequent showers now, the drain is filled up with rain water. So, if one is not careful there's every chance of somebody falling into it and getting hurt.\"Apart from uncovered drains, there are some drains in the city which are covered with broken slabs which may collapse if any heavy vehicle goes over them. Such drains are mostly located in areas like Lalpur, Ratu road and Harmu by-pass.Rajesh, a book shop owner at Lalpur, said: \"All the drains on this road are covered with broken slabs which can collapse anytime. I once almost fell into one of such drain while crossing it as a broken slab suddenly gave way and collapsed.The anti-encroachment drive of Ranchi Municipal Corporation held last week at Harmu by-pass road has now become a cause for serious concern. The drive was launched to remove encroachments from the drain so that it could be cleaned to prevent water from spilling on to the road. Although the encroachments were removed, one week has passed since and the cleaning process is yet to begin. Instead, the slabs have been removed from the drain and kept on the roadside leaving the drain lying uncovered.Rashmi, a local resident, said, \"Anybody can stumble over the slabs kept on the road at night and fall into the drain. How can the administration be so insensitive regarding the safety and health concerns of people?\"RMC PRO Naresh Sinha said, \"The drains will be covered once the cleaning process is over. The uncovered drains will also be covered soon.\"But do the RMC have the time to complete the work before the monsoon arrives which is already threatening to hit the state soon?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395335", "title": "Two injured in fire at Satpura complex; major tragedy averted", "text": "BHOPAL: A major mishap was averted at Satpura complex near the stat secretariat, that houses the head of departments of various state government departments, after a short circuit led to a fire in the directorate of technical education (DTE) on Monday morning. This once again highlighted the inadequate fire fighting mechanism in high rise buildings in the state capital.Two people were injured while trying to douse the fire.Sources in the department said, the fire started possibly after a short circuit on the four floor at around 10.45 am. Officials reported that the fire was brought under control within minutes. However, after the fire started, at least a couple of people were injured and some struggled to get out of the complex.Never having used the fire extinguisher DTE employees Sumeer Singh and O P Ninavay were injured, in their attempt to stop the fire from spreading. \"As we opened the fire extinguisher it rebounded and smashed the wall. In the process Ninavay's hand and my leg was hurt,\" said Singh.Eyewitnesses said nearly half of the 5,000 odd government employees were evacuated Monday from the six-story Satpura Bhawan building as four fire tenders engines were pressed into action. The building houses important government departments including health, education and forest among others.Later senior police officials rushed to the spot to access the situation. They ruled out any foul play.\"This section handles important documents pertaining to budget, establishment, complaints, Vidhan Sabha and admissions in technical education department,\" said DTE employees association president B P Tiwari.Fire safety exposedThe fire scare in Satpura building once again highlighted the need for improved fire safety mechanisms. Sources said the miniature circuit breaker or MCB switches which are supposed to turn off power in the event of short circuits are not functioning. \"MCB is supposed to automatically protect an electrical circuit from damage caused by overload or short circuit,\" said an official. However, as he explained the flaws the lights in the department of technical education (DTE) fluctuated constantly.Moreover, emergency exit measures are near death traps. Heaps of files and broken furniture are piled up in the corridor along stairs of the emergency exit way, a reminder that same mistakes of the Mumbai mantralaya fire could be replicated.According to the capital project administration (CPA) superintendent engineer, KC Ahirwal ,\"We have approached all the head of the all 20-odd departments in each building to clear the emergency of unused stuff.\" However, after Monday's incident the CPA would issue a notice to all departments that any loss damage of life due to blockage of emergency exits would not be responsibility.CPA has approached the fire department for installation of new fire fighting mechanism in Satpura and Vindhyachal Bhawan, said a CPA official. The cost is estimated at Rs 1.5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14405228", "title": "Gulf widens further between Punjab and Union Territory cadre police officials", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The move of submitting a representation by deputy superintendent of police (DSPs) of Chandigarh police ( UT police) seeking promotions on the rank of superintendent of police (SP) before Chandigarh administration has widen the gulf between Chandigarh police and Punjab police.Currenlty, four Punjab Police Service (PPS) officers of Punjab police are attached with Chandigarh police and efforts are being made to promote one of the favourite DSPs of Punjab cadre on the rank of SP.Reliable police sources told TOI, \"In their representation, DSPs of Chandigarh police cadres have reportedly shown their unhappiness over the efforts of giving promotion to a DSP of another state and claimed their efficency is being overlooked.\"The represenation was made by eight DSPs of Chandigarh police cadre. The DSPs are included DSP Jagbir Singh, Vijay Kumar , JS Khaira, BS Chadha, Satbir Singh and others.It may be clearly mentioned here that there is no provision of promotions for DSP rank officials of Chandigarh police and as per the union terrotiory provision, Chandigarh cadre officials can not be transferred out of Chandigarh.A senior police official said, \"Though all plump postings were given to Chandigarh police cadre DSPs, important works and powers have been given to the police officials of Punjab cadre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398500", "title": "CPI demands Supreme Court judge to probe political fiddle in Coalgate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPI on Monday demanded a probe by a sitting Supreme Court judge into the political aspects of the alleged irregularities in the allotment of coal blocks.In a statement issued after a meeting of its national executive, the CPI sought a CBI probe into other aspects of the scam.The national executive also endorsed the CPI's decision to abstain from voting in the presidential polls. \"There is no question of CPI supporting the candidate of either the Congress or the BJP as both the parties are totally wedded to implementation of the policies of neo-liberalism,\" the party said in a statement.The CPI echoed what various Left leaders have been saying about fielding their own candidate and mobilized other democratic and secular forces. \"But it was too late as other friendly parties had already made up their minds,\" the statement said.The CPI slammed the UPA government for plans to open up multi-brand retail trade for FDI, impose service tax, increased rail fare and freight rates and increase in petro product prices.\"In view of these facts, the National Executive unanimously resolved to endorse the decision to abstain in the presidential election,\" the party said pledging to continue fight against the anti-people policies of the UPA.The CPI along with other Left parties will hold a month-long campaign across the country on the Food Security Bill from July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "14400325", "title": "World's smallest cat 'spotted' in Sariska", "text": "ALWAR: The Sariska Tiger Reserve is always known for its tigers and controversies surrounding them. But this time, the reserve is in the news as the rare rusty-spotted cat, the smallest member of the wild cat family, has been sighted here.RS Shekhawat, field director, Sariska Tiger Reserve, said, \"We have received reports from indivisuals who claimed that they have sighted rusty-spotted cat in the mountain near Dakkan Chowki area of the reserve. Recently, some people have provided us with pictures of the animal. So we are trying to find out if there are such cats in the region,\" he added.Shekhawat said the rusty-spotted cat is 35 to 45 centimetre in length, with a 15 to 30 centimetre tail, and weighs between 900 grams and 1.6 kg. The cat is considered extinct in Rajasthan and therefore, we will try to verify the claims that it has been sighted in the reserve, he said.Wildlife volunteers, Nishant Sisodia and Anurag Kaushik, who spotted the cat and provided pictures to the wildlife authorities said that there was no pictorial description of the animal so far in the state.\"Rusty-spotted cat is indigenous to places like Jammu, Gujarat, South India and Sri Lanka. Last time, we had spotted a couple near Baalquila in Alwar,\" said Nishant.In India, these cats are seen on dry grounds and forests. It has been listed as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN). Their population is below 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14399745", "title": "Govt's order on seat sharing put on hold", "text": "KOCHI: The government order on sharing seats in self-financing medical colleges was stayed by the high court on Monday.Division bench of Justice K M Joseph and Justice K Harilal issued a stay on the government order after two private colleges challenged the inclusion of colleges that were not part of the Kerala Private Management Medical College Association in the order, even though only the association had entered into a deal with the government.While the stay is in place, the colleges, Kannur Medical College and Palakkad Karuna Medical College, can continue with admissions. However, the government and the Admissions Supervisory Committee for Professional Colleges headed by Justice P A Mohammed should monitor the admissions and issue necessary orders if needed, the court ruled.In the petition, the colleges had said that they were part of the association before, but the seat-sharing agreement could not be made applicable to them now as they had parted ways with the association.New FIR against Jayachandran to be cancelled: The new FIR registered against CPM district secretary K K Jayachandran MLA in connection with murder of local Congress leader Anjeri Baby would be cancelled, the government has submitted at the high court.The FIR being cancelled is the one registered on the basis of the statement given by Mohandas, who was the third accused in the 1982 murder and later let off by the court.Instead of maintaining a separate FIR, charges against Jayachandran will be brought into the purview of the re-investigation. Police has approached Adimaly judicial first class magistrate court with an application to transfer the files related to the murder to the Nedumkandam magistrate court, said an affidavit filed by the government in the high court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396900", "title": "Mohammed Suvez Haque takes charge as superintendent of police of Gadchiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: Mohammed Suvez Haque, an officer of 2005 batch of Indian Police Service (IPS), took over the reigns of the Naxal-affected Gadchiroli district from S Vireesh Prabhu on Monday.Shifted in from Chandrapur, Haque is known as one of the most promising young officers in the state. Prabhu is slated to replace S Jaykumar as SP Amravati (rural). Jaykumar had been relieved by Prabhu as Gadchiroli SP in 2010. Haque had earlier served in Gondia, which is also considered as the state's second most affected district after Gadchiroli as far as Naxal movement is concerned.It is learnt that Haque was named as Gadchiroli SP as the Maharashtra government wanted a senior officer at the helm of the district facing a critical phase in history, with Naxal violence reaching a turbulent state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14400698", "title": "Cancer treatment under CM\u2019s relief fund", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhiana Mediways, which was previously called Ludhiana Medicity, is all set to provide treatment to cancer patients under the Chief Minister's Cancer Relief Fund under the new management.Health minister Madan Mohan Mittal, who visited the hospital, announced this on Saturday afternoon.The partners of Ludhiana Mediways include Rohit Kapoor, Dr Baldeep Singh and Gurmeet Kular. Kapoor said, \"This is good news for us that we will be able to provide treatment to cancer patients under the Chief Minister's Cancer Relief Fund. Under it, a cancer patient gets Rs 1.5 lakh for treatment of the disease.\"He added, \"Ours is a state-of-the-art hospital with modern facilities. It was previously called Medicity. The new management will strive to provide quality healthcare in Ludhiana. We are focused to take Ludhiana Mediways to the next level of medical facilities that can compete with the country's best hospitals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14399967", "title": "Tamil Nadu Electricity Board staff gets 5 years jail for corruption", "text": "COIMBATORE: A Junior engineer of Tamil Nadu Electricity Board was sentenced to five years of rigorous imprisonment and fined Rs 3,000 on Monday by the special court for cases against him under the prevention of corruption act.S Senthil Murugan, a Junior Engineer, grade -I, in the rank of Assistant Engineer in TNEB at Kombaikadu in Coimbatore district had accepted Rs 2,000 from P Balachandran of Devarayampalayam near Palladam on July 13, 2008 for providing new electricity service for his power loom shed. He was caught red handed by the sleuths of Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-corruption and the case was under trail in the special court.The verdict was declared by the special judge on Monday. The court sentenced the junior engineer to rigorous imprisonment for two years and to pay a fine of Rs 1,000 in default of rigorous imprisonment of one month under section 7 of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. The court also sentenced him to three years of rigorous imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 in default of rigorous imprisonment for two months under section 13 (2) read with 13 (1) (d) of Prevention of Corruption Act. The remanded period already undergone is set off and both sentences run concurrently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14398688", "title": "HC issues notice to Corporation of the City of Panaji councillor", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Monday issued notice to a councilor of the Corporation of the City of Panaji ( CCP), Pratima Hoble, for allegedly submitting a false caste certificate while filing her nomination for the civic elections in March, 2011.Sakharay Naik, secretary of the Ribandar Bhandari Samaj, has filed the petition challenging Hoble's election from CCP's ward No. 29. He has alleged that Hoble does not belong to the other backward class (OBC) category and had fraudulently obtained the caste certificate by filing a false affidavit before the Tiswadi deputy collector.Naik has sought cancellation of the caste certificate issued to Hoble and prohibit her from using it for any other purpose henceforth.Hoble was elected from ward No. 29 in Ribandar, which is reserved for OBC candidates.A division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre have issued notices to Hoble and will hear the petition further on July 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396641", "title": "Paper leak case: \u2018Two months is too long, Nagpur University should have acted earlier\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: BCCA final year students have severely flayed the authorities at Nagpur University for delaying the decision of conducting a re-exam of their Business Law paper. Students said that it has been over more than two months now since the leak is exposed and coming to this conclusion of conducting a re-exam should not have taken all this time.\"I am expecting my interview dates anytime before July 10. What if they call me on July 8? Paper leak was a serious matter and under no circumstances it should have taken two months to come to a decision,\" said a student. Some students are also planning to move to the judiciary fearing the loss of their precious academic year.On asking if the students are prepared for the re-exam, Himanshu Batra said, \"I am certainly not prepared. Re-exam should be for the guilty who were involved with the leaking of the question paper.\"He threw light on the aftermath of such a delayed re-exam. \"NU is known for holding up the results. The delay in results will interrupt our admission process which can ruin our year.\"Himanshu also added that if the majority of our fraternity protests, even I shall go ahead because I don't see a point in those giving a re-exam who have nothing to do with the paper leak. \"It is an unjust decision for those who are not concerned with this misdeed,\" he said.Another student Karan Wasnik said, \"No matter what, we will have to give the exam, irrespective of whether we are prepared or not. But this verdict could have come soon. It is irresponsible on their part to delay the decision by more than two months. Also it is a question on their management.\"\"We are final year students and we have to look after our admissions for pursuing post graduation. We are expected to give exams when we should be giving interviews for job or PG in other colleges. Had this re-exam been a little early, our planning for considering future prospects would have been successful,\" he said.He added that there is no point in protesting or going to courts because it will be a sheer waste of students' time; the university has decided and we must conform to it. \"At least now the university should take care that the results are declared well in time to avoid hindrances for our further admissions,\" said he.\"We are not at all ready for the exam. Any request regarding timely declaration of result will be in vain. We will have to again study the same subject which will take our time. We have to plan a lot for our future and this re-exam is taking our crucial time. If this exam would have been a little early, it would have been easier for us to manage,\" said another student Rakesh Mehra.\"We have preparation time in hand. There is not really a problem for those who are in the city. But for those who have taken admissions outside, it is going to be a tasking affair. NU should have taken this decision soon after the leak was exposed, it would have saved time,\" said Mehul Nayak.(Some names have been changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396173", "title": "IIT-B to train 9k teachers, pupils in research", "text": "MUMBAI: IIT-Bombay on Monday launched a mega workshop to train 9,000 teachers and students across India in introduction to research methodologies.The institute has been conducting workshops to train 1,000 teachers at one go at designated remote centres. The model has now been expanded to train 10,000 teachers at a time through 168 centres.While 12,000 teachers had enrolled under the expanded model, 9,000 were selected as all could not be accommodated.Union minister of human resource development Kapil Sibal inaugurated the workshop via video-conferencing.\"There's a raging debate in our country that the quality of students ultimately depends upon the quality of teachers. And unless we empower teachers, students will not be empowered,\" said Sibal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395492", "title": "Missionary schools spell out stand on poor kids' admission", "text": "BHOPAL: Setting at rest months of speculation over the fate of under-privileged children admitted under the Right to Education Act (RTE), organizations running missionary schools have made their stand clear on the issue. Missionary schools have decided no child would be admitted in the 25% reserved category from the academic session of 2013-14. Students granted admission under this category will continue to avail the facility as the apex court ruling came after that.Flaying school education minister Archana Chitnis for her statement wherein she had reportedly said Christian minority schools would have to give admission to underprivileged children at any cost, the MP Federation of Christian Educational Institutions (MPFCEI) and Federation of MP Minority Education Institutions (FMPMEI) addressed the media on Monday.The MP Isai Mahasangh also threatened to carry out protests across the state if the state government continued to \"discriminate\" against missionary-run schools in the state. The organizations also said that the minister should first brief herself thoroughly on the apex court order before making such sweeping statements.Addressing the media around a fortnight ago, Chitnis had said only Vedic schools and madarsas should be exempted from complying with free and compulsory education under the Right to Education Act (RTE).Chitnis had said, \"I do not consider the missionary schools as minority institutions. They would have to provide admissions to under-priviledged children in the 25% reserved category failing which strict action would be taken against these.\"State coordinator MPFCEI Fr Anand Muttungal said, \"The recent judgment of the Supreme Court clearly lays down that the RTE Act would not apply to unaided minority schools under Article 30(1).\"Ibrahim Qureshi, chairman, FMPMEI, said, \"The government must redraft the rules pertaining to RTE in the state. Compelling Christian minority-run educational institutions to admit children under the RTE would be a violation of the SC ruling.\"Muttungal also clearly said those schools, who were aided were bound to grant admission to underprivileged children under the act. \"Aided Christian run minority institutions have to comply with the RTE Act. Only, the completely unaided are exempted from it.\"\"Aided schools, which do not comply with the RTE must also be brought to book. We shall then support government on this matter,\" he said.There are about 3,500 minority and linguistic minority institutions in the state. Around 350 are aided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14395935", "title": "Jairam fears key eco report may be junked", "text": "MUMBAI: In a not-so-thinly-veiled attack on the Union environment ministry's current stand on the Western Ghats Expert Ecology Panel (WGEEP) report, former environment minister Jairam Ramesh has said he is worried the report may not see the light of the day, which will adversely affect the fate of the green zone in Maharashtra.\"I hope this report, like others in the past, would not be dumped in the bin,'' Ramesh told TOI.The Union ministry of environment and forest has yet to approve the WGEEP report and said the ministry is now waiting for suggestions from stakeholders before finalizing it.Ramesh, currently in-charge of the rural affairs ministry, had handpicked Pune-based eminent ecologist Madhav Gadgil to prepare a comprehensive report to recommend a framework to protect the Western Ghats. One of the oldest eco-systems in the country, its forests and network of rivers and lakes provide around 40% drinking water to the country.\"The WGEEP report strikes a fine balance between environment and sustainable development. The WGEEP team of scientists was selected after a much deliberation. The team worked for over a year, travelled to all states along the Western Ghats and has taken down suggestions and concerns of all communities staying in close proximity to the ghats,'' Ramesh said. The livelihood of over 300 million people in the country is sustained by this eco-fragile zone.Ramesh said that while he was the environment minister, he was concerned with illegal mining proposals, massive thermal and hydel projects proposed in the core forest area, which would have completely destroyed large tract of forest and mountains.TOI had done a series of report highlighting how the proposed 49 mining leases would destroy the virgin forests and mountains in Sindhudurg district. Of the 49 permissions, 32 were granted in the Sawantwadi-Dodamarg area, which has the highest forest cover in Sindhudurg. Taking note of a TOI report, Ramesh had asked then chief minister Ashok Chavan to review these mining leases and the state later denotified the leases.The WGEEP report has, for the first time, scientifically categorized Western Ghats into three zones of varied ecological sensitivity and established a broad framework for conserving and protecting these ecologically sensitive zones. The panel also recommended extension of the current moratorium on new environmental clearances for mining, red and orange category polluting industries and power plants in the plains and coastal zones of Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts along the Western Ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14397595", "title": "I will fight from Baramati for next 20 years: Sule", "text": "PUNE: Days after NCP president Sharad Pawar declared he will not contest the next Lok Sabha elections, daughter Supriya Sule , an MP from Baramati, said she was happy with her stint in Delhi and that she would contest parliamentary elections from Baramati for the next 20 years.Sule's statement at a press conference in the city on Monday is significant in the light of a possible change of guard in the NCP in the near future. Of late, Sule has taken active interest in state politics which made political pundits believe she was in the race for the chief minister's post in the next assembly elections. Sule laid the speculations to rest by declaring at the press meet: \"I will contest parliamentary elections from Baramati in 2014, 2019, 2024 and 2029.\"A few months back, NCP chief Sharad Pawar had announced that he will not contest the next Lok Sabha election and make way for the younger leadership. His retirement plans shifted the focus to his nephew Ajit Pawar and daughter Supriya Sule. Political observers were talking about the possibility that Sule will be given the charge of state politics and Ajit Pawar be given higher responsibility at the national-level.Recently, Sule started a drive to mobilise youth. She also formed a young women's wing of NCP, 'Rashtrawadi Yuvati Congress', and has planned a state-wide tour to promote its activities. \"The intention of the drive is to create awareness about problems of young girls. Women and girls face a different set of problems so special attention is required to tackle them. We intend to do that through the young women's wing,\" she said.Sule said the issue of eve-teasing is more serious than it looks. \"The matter has been raised with the sate home ministry. A special state-level helpline will be set up where girls can lodge complaints about eve-teasing. Non-availability of hostels for young women is another problem area for which we will approach the state education department,\" Sule said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14400258", "title": "A lifeline for diabetic patients", "text": "HUBLI: Living with diabetes is one of the biggest challenges of the day given the fact that the disorder, if neglected, will weaken and damage multiple organs. Apart from making the blood vessels weak, high sugar levels in blood deal a blow to major organs in the body including the heart, kidneys, eyes and feet. Awareness about the intangible yet all-pervasive disease is a must for diabetic patients. With a view to create a common platform for diabetic patients to exchange their views and seek valuable and timely information about the disease, a diabetic club has come up in the city.Named the 'Diabetic Club of Hubli,' this unique club is an in initiative of the Society of St. Vincent De Paul's Home For The Aged. Stanly Crasto, the 74-year-old man who himself is a diabetic patient is the brain behind the club. The club that began its activities in August 2011 now has nearly 50 members.Speaking to TOI, Stanly Crasto, said, \"This is the first diabetic club in the northern part of the state. Diabetic patients gather here on the first Sunday of every week. They discuss various issues including diet and treatment regimen.\" Membership to the club is free. Members can avail of regular check-up and medical and diet advice from doctors and specialists. There is a mini library in the club where medical books, journals and magazines are available that speak in length about diabetes and its implications. Charts with catchy slogans and graphics are hung on the walls of the library displaying valuable information about diabetes and related complications. There will be interactive sessions with medical experts. Also there is a provision for blood sugar testing, eye testing and screening for other organs. During seminars, specialists will address club members on keeping a tab on sugar levels, sticking to a healthy diet plan, exercises and the medicine regimen. Godwin Mendez, a member of the club said that he regularly attends the monthly meetings which are educative and informative. \"We get to clarify all our doubts regarding food, medicines, exercise etc. I have benefitted a lot from the club.\"Dr Pramod Hiremath of Betacon Hospital, Hubli, one of the specialists who regularly visits the club, says diabetes management is not just about controlling your blood sugar levels.\"Many patients don't care for their general health and assume that if sugar level is normal everything is okay. But in reality it is not so. The multifaceted disease calls for a wholesome treatment pattern,\" he says. Hiremath and other experts who visit the club impart essential knowledge to its members including how to take insulin injections, what kind of food to have, and the possible implications of the disease on organs like heart and eyes and the prevention strategy. Awareness, care and a proper lifestyle are the key to live a healthy life, says Hiremath. For membership and other details about the diabetic club, call 944863 1738.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14400666", "title": "As career women in top jobs grow slimmer, men get fatter and fatter", "text": "LONDON: Career women who are at the upper echelons of their jobs in law, medicine and business are slimming down, a new study has revealed. According to the official figures, they are the only social group to lose weight in the past 15 years while everyone else is growing fatter.New data from the National Obesity Observatory (NOO) shows that 15% of professional women were obese in 1997, but that figure had dropped to 14% by 2008. NOO, which has monitored obesity issues in UK since 2007, highlighted how the percentage of professional men classified as fat rose from 15 to 20% between 1997 and 2008.The two reasons that are apparently behind the trend for slimmer women is that they are still judged on their appearance rather than skill and their ambition to be better than their male colleagues. Professional women are aware of a bias against those who are overweight, according to Andrew Hill , professor of medical psychology at Leeds University.\"Appearance is the most important attribute for women in our society . Valuing them only for their appearance is a way for me to subjugate them,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as telling the Sunday Times . \"There's no doubt that to be fat in our current society is a disadvantage particularly if you are female ,\" he said.Barrister Helen Jackson, who weighs 16 stone, said that obese male lawyers were accepted in her profession but female ones were not. \"The pressure on women to look the part has definitely got worse since I was called to the bar in 1975,\" she said. \"Women now are slaves to their appearance more than they ever were,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397301", "title": "Home-alone 82-year-old woman smothered to death", "text": "BANGALORE: An 82-year-old woman was smothered to death in her house in Vijayanagar in West Bangalore late Sunday night. Prema Naidu was living alone in her house in Sharavathi Nagar in RPC Layout after her husband Venugopal Naidu, a former BBMP joint commissioner, passed away 10 years ago.Prema's hands and legs were tied and a piece of cloth stuffed into her mouth with a noose fastened around her neck. The Naidus had no children; an adopted son, Murali, a businessman, lives in Girinagar.Her body was found around 8am Monday by Prema's domestic help, Gowramma. The front door was locked from inside and the maid kept knocking for a long time but there was no response.Suspecting something amiss, Gowramma ran to Prema's cousin who stays in the same compound. The cousin's family members and Gowramma tried to open the door but in vain.The cousin, the daughter of Prema's uncle, called Ramesh Babu, a relative and assistant commissioner of police. Babu alerted Vijayanagar police who rushed a team there. They forcibly opened the door only to find Prema's body in the hall.SN Sidramappa, deputy commissioner of police (west), said Prema had apparently died because she'd been smothered, a few hours before she was found. \"There could be more than one person involved in the murder. The culprits first tied her up and then smothered her using a cloth piece,\" he said.A gold chain and a bangle she was wearing are missing, but police feel it's not a case of murder for gain. There were 10 gold bangles in her bedroom and more than Rs 30,000 in cash but the killers didn't take them though they'd scoured the entire room. Sidramappa added there were no signs of forcible entry.\"We're looking into all angles. We came to know she had bequeathed all her properties to the Ramakrishna Mission and there were no family disputes,\" he said.Second widow killed in same areaIt's the second time in less than three months that an elderly widow has been killed around Vijayanagar for reasons other than gain. Vijayalakshmi Muniswamappa, 62, was out on an early morning stroll on March 28 when she was attacked. She was found dead in a park with her face covered in a plastic cover and hands were tied. Her gold ornaments were untouched. Vijayalakshmi had lost her advocate-husband following a prolonged illness. She inherited one house, and got another house jointly with her two industrialist-sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396855", "title": "Monsoon arrival in city delayed by 4-5 days", "text": "LUCKNOW: The arrival monsoon has been further delayed, at least by 4-5 days. The system which was supposed to push monsoon currents into the state changed its course leading to diversion of moisture-laden winds towards northeast India. This means that not only the city, but also the entire state (barring areas bordering Bihar) would be facing scanty rainfall in coming days. The intense heat and high humidity levels will continue. Only light rains or thunder showers are expected in next 24 hours. Heavy rainfall, as it normally happens in the monsoon season, is expected only next month.On Monday, the maximum temperature in the city was 43.2 degrees Celsius, seven degrees above normal. The minimum temperature, 28.7 degrees Celsius, was also two degrees above normal. The humidity level was between 25-72%.High temperature along with high humidity increased discomfort level. The sultry conditions were unbearable. Most worried were the mothers, because most schools are opening from July 1 after summer vacation. They said that vacation should be extended in view of the intense heatwave and sultry conditions. The weatherman said that the sky will remain partly cloudy on Tuesday and maximum temperature is expected to be around 43 degrees Celsius.State Met director JP Gupta said that the cyclonic circulation over Jharkhand, which was expected to push monsoon into UP, has moved towards northeast India. It happened because of weakening of easterly winds coming from the Bay of Bengal. The westerly winds replaced easterlies and blew the circulation towards northeast.\"Now, we will have to wait for formation of another circulation to revive monsoon,\" he added. The monsoon arrived in UP on June 21, but lost steam thereafter. It remained static over UP-Bihar border for three days and has now subsided. \"The moisture brought in by the monsoon at initial stage is responsible for cloudy sky and high humidity. On the other hand, westerlies have raised the temperatures,\" he said.The behaviour of the monsoon this year is almost a repeat of 2010, when monsoon arrived till UP border on time, but weakened thereafter and entered in the state in July. This year the monsoon lost steam soon after entry, hence the rainfall has been restricted to some east UP districts. The rainfall deficit of UP has reached 83%, because most parts of the state have not received rains so far. The normal date of monsoon arrival in UP is June 15, Lucknow June 18 and it covers the entire state by June 26. But this year, it is static over east UP so far.As a result, monsoon advancement in west UP has been delayed by 10 days. The period can increase, if monsoon does not revive in next one week, leading to a drought like situation in many parts of the state.On Monday, Etawah was hottest in the state with 44.6 degrees Celsius followed by Rae Bareli with 43.6 degrees Celsius. Allahabad recorded 43.4 degrees Celsius, while Agra reeled at 43.3 degrees Celsius and Kanpur, Sultanpur, Ballia and Hamirpur recorded 43.2 degrees Celsius each. In Varanasi, the maximum temperature was 40.8 degrees Celsius. All these temperatures were 5-7 degrees above normal. Most districts in the state, barring a few on the Indo-Nepal border, recorded above 40 degrees Celsius temperature.The weatherman said that in next 24 hours, rains and thundershowers would occur at few places in east UP and at isolated places in rest of the state. However, despite rains, there will be no relief from heatwave and humidity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "14399675", "title": "Mubarak\u2019s sons shocked, in tears after poll verdict", "text": "CAIRO: While Egyptians of most creeds rejoiced over the results of the historic presidential election, there was shock and despair in a corner of Cairo's Tora prison where the Mubarak brothers are lodged. The imprisoned sons of ousted president Hosni Mubarak \u2014 Gamal and Alaa \u2014 who would have desperately hoped for an Ahmed Shafiq victory, were a shattered duo.\"Gamal and Alaa reacted with shock and tears at Sunday's announcement that the Muslim Brotherhood's Mohamed Morsi was Egypt's new president,\" security sources were quoted as saying by the state news agency MENA. The Muslim Brotherhood was at the receiving end of much of Mubarak's crackdown on political dissent for 30 years. Ironically, Morsi himself spent time in jail under the Mubarak rule.Shafiq, on the other hand, was Mubarak's last prime minister and would have been much more sympathetic to the down in the dumps Mubarak family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14404973", "title": "Sukhraj presents Pela Peg", "text": "Bhangra singer Sukhraj from Vancouver, Canada has come together with producer Mani D once again to release a brand new summer hit \"Pela Peg,\" featuring vocals from Vancouver hip hop artist BattleKATT.This track is a fusion of house music and bhangra that is sure to keep the dance floor pumping.The song \" Pela Peg \" follows a person's first night of having a drink and keeps the lyrics very simple with a touch of comedy and a heavy house beat. This track promises to deliver to all the popular dance floors across the globe.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14400515", "title": "Ganga ghats in miserable condition", "text": "KANPUR: The development of pious Ganga ghats finds no mention in the agenda of all the candidates taking part in the civic elections. These places are reeling under filthy and unhygienic conditions. Ganga ghats have always been a centre of attraction for tourists in the city. A large number of devotees could be seen on the occasions of 'poornima' and 'amasya' to take a holy dip.Dismal civic conditions, bad smell and unavailability of basic amenities like toilets and changing rooms could be seen. Most of the ghats could be seen with a series of iron grills erected on stony platform, laden with heaps of garbage and rotten stuff. Animal loitering on ghats, troubling the residents and devotees is the other problem.\"No one cares for the ghats. These places are the most neglected parts of the city. The situation worsens during post-monsoon season,\" said Dinesh Tiwari, a local residing near Sarsaiyya ghat.Heavy deposition of mud along embankments, broken steps, debris of broken structures and filthy conditions also plague various ghats.\"It is ridiculous when people had to wash feet after coming from the banks of Ganga where there is ample of water. But it's true as majority of the ghats have dirty stairs covered with algae,\" rues Mahima, living near Rani Ghat.The flow of the sewage water and dumping of waste is another nuisance. The piles of plastic bags and leftover of rituals performed on the ghats could easily seen. Unhindered entry of cattle for a 'bath' in the Ganga also turns the ghats filthy. Municipal corporation's lackadaisical approach is all too evident.\"There are no signs of dustbins anywhere along the entire stretch of gthats from Jajmau to barrage. Even more surprising is to notice the absence of changing rooms, though devotees take bath into the Ganga throughout the year,\" said Nikhil, a resident of Mishra Ghat.Many ghats are frequented by washermen. Washing and drying of clothes goes on unchecked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14399679", "title": "Indian Medical Association members in Varanasi strike work on Monday, mull future course of action", "text": "VARANASI: In response to a call by the Indian Medical Association for all-India strike, a number of doctors belonging to IMA, Banaras Branch went on a day-long strike on Monday. As many as two rounds of meeting of the IMA office bearers were also held in the day at IMA office, Chetganj to decide the future course of action.According to former president, IMA, Banaras Branch, Dr JP Singh, \"the doctors belonging to IMA maintained total strike, refraining from medical services in the day. We are going to organize another round of meeting in the evening to come out with the future strategy.\" There are around 1200 doctors registered under IMA, Banaras Branch.Among other things, the IMA is demanding restoration of autonomous status and conducting elections in democratic manner , stopping of the proposed National Council for Human Resources in Health (NCHRH) Act, which, if passed, would override the federal functioning of health care delivery of India and lead to centralization and politicization of health care management.The IMA is strongly opposing the Government's proposed exit exam for doctors even after passing the respective university exams. It suggested that this exam be implied to international medical graduates and to the students studying in the unrecognized Indian institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396911", "title": "66% women, nearly 60% men exposed to passive smoking", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least 49% men and 17% women use tobacco in some form or the other in Uttar Pradesh. The use of tobacco through gutkha and bidis is higher in comparison to cigarettes. However, the worrisome part is that 66.1% women and 59.7% women are exposed to harmful passive smoking.These facts have been revealed in the adult tobacco survey done in UP by the Union ministry of health and family welfare, World Health Organisation with support from other key health agencies. The survey report was released in Lucknow on Monday by dean, the College of Surgeons of India Dr Rama Kant.The report revealed that 35.4% men intake tobacco through gutkha and 23.9% men intake tobacco through cigarettes or bidis. Similarly, 13.7% women take gutkha in comparison to 4.6%, who prefer bidis and cigarettes. Number of bidi smokers is five times more than cigarettes smokers (20.1% bidi vs 4.1% cigarette). Among women, bidi smoking is nearly 18 times more than cigarette. Overall bidis (12.4%) are 5.5 times more popular than cigarettes (2.3%)More women (66.1%) than men (59.7%) are exposed to second hand smoke at home. Around 29% people surveyed reported being exposed to second hand smoke at work place and an equal number at public place (government buildings, healthcare facilities, restaurants, or through public transportation) - despite a ban. This also brings out how weakly the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act (2003) is being implemented in UP, which bans smoking in public places.Nearly 85% tobacco users know that it is dangerous, but they continue to do so. Interestingly, 51% of total smokers thought about quitting but could not do so. Nearly, 44% of smokers made an attempt to quit but failed. Around 39% were advised by doctors to quit but have not been able to do so. Almost similar is the case with those who take smokeless tobacco in different forms including gutkha. Most users agree that tobacco drills a big hole in pocket.A letter of support from UP health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan was also released on the occasion. Hasan expressed his deep concern on the alarming levels of tobacco consumption in UP state due to which people have to deal with life-threatening serious diseases such as cancers, heart diseases, respiratory diseases and other chronic ailments. He said that the government will act without delay to save lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395509", "title": "Bhopal Municipal Corporation notice over delay in pipeline work", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC), on Monday, issued notice to IHP company, for delaying the process of laying pipelines in the gas affected areas to provide clean drinking water. The BMC has asked the company to complete the work within a week.The BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava, issued orders after inspecting these areas on Monday. \"The work of laying pipeline in these areas was to be completed long time ago. However, the company has failed to complete the work on schedule. We have asked the company to finish the work within a week, failing which we will cancel the award of tender,\" he said.The pipeline work is being done to implement Supreme Court order for providing safe drinking water to residential areas affected by Bhopal gas leak of 1984. The court appointed monitoring committee headed by Justice K K Lahoti visited affected areas on earlier in June.The gas affected areas visited include, Oodiya Basti, Bluemoon colony, Shankar colony, Chandbad, Annu Nagar, Prem Nagar, Sundar Nagar, Nawab colony, Timber market, Navjeevan colony, Shriram Nagar, Gareeb Nagar, Preet Nagar and New Arif Nagar areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14400672", "title": "\u2018Vizhinjam project will harm fishermen\u2019", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Thiruvananthapuram Latin Catholic Archdiocese has come out against the environmental impact assessment (EIA) study for the Vizhinjam International Container Trans-shipment Terminal, saying the lives of 20,000 fishermen will be directly affected.\"People are eagerly awaiting port development, but the social, environmental and livelihood concerns of the fishermen in Vizhinjam must be adequately addressed. I have studied the impact of fishing harbours in Colachel, Tengapattanam, etc. and found that there was massive erosion towards the north of the harbour and accretion in the south, which means the port will render the lives of fishermen in and around Vizhinjam area useless. Poonthura fishing village will most likely disappear,\" vicar general Eugene H Pereira told TOI.The vicar general said he spoke to the minister for ports K Babu, who promised him that the concerns of the fishermen and the ecology of the region would be duly noted. \"I met with the consultants who are preparing the EIA two weeks ago and I am sorry to say but, I feel they are going about it in a very unscientific manner. Interviewing people should only be a footnote of the EIA study and not the basis of it,\" he said.His fears are not without substance, as form 1 and terms of reference prepared by L&T; Rambol submitted to the expert appraisal committee in April 2011 has omitted factual data pertaining to the presence of endangered species (Olive Ridley, Leatherback turtle, etc.) at Vizhinjam and failed to mention the areas exceeding legally permissible pollution levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14404643", "title": "Aakash II tablet launching soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Packed with more features and enhanced speed, an upgraded version of low cost computing device Aakash is ready for release, HRD Minister Kapil Sibal today said.\"Unlike other tablet devices, Aakash can also be used to create computer programs, in Python, C, C++ and Scilab,\" he said, adding it can be further used for accessing e-governance services.UK-based Datawind, which had submitted about 100 tablets to IIT-Bombay for testing, said the government has approved the specifications for the upgraded version and it will be launched soon in the market.\"The government has approved the specifications,\" Datawind CEO Sunit Singh Tuli told.HRD Ministry sources said the launch of the upgraded version could be around the first week of July.Asked about the production for Aakash 2, Tuli said it will start a few days before the launch of the device in the market.Tuli added that a good number of devices will be produced before the official launch.Datawind had hit headlines last October when it unveiled Aakash, to be supplied to the HRD Ministry at Rs 2,276 a piece. The government, in turn, had to give about one lakh of these tablets to the students at subsidised price Rs 1,100-1,200 each.However, IIT-Rajasthan, the nodal agency for the Aakash project, had rejected the tablet for not meeting performance criteria and the project had to be shifted to IIT Bombay.Ever since its launch last year, the project has been running behind schedule.Inaugurating a teacher training programme conducted by IIT-Bombay under 'talk to a teacher' project of the National Mission on Education through ICT, Sibal suggested IIT-Bombay Director Devang Khakhar to present Aakash devices to heads of a few institutions associated with the training programme.A representative of IIT Bombay symbolically presented an Aakash tablet to the minister.Sibal thanked IIT-Bombay for doing a \"wonderful\" job in incorporating useful software to Aakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14400362", "title": "Miscreants vandalize lights and flowerpots at Holy Hill", "text": "MANGALORE: Unidentified miscreants vandalized flowerpots, and lighting fixtures at Holy Hill at Capitanio near Mahavir Circle here in the wee hours of Monday. Holy Hill is a prayer facility open from 6am to 7pm each day and the incident, which police described as an 'act of mischief' was carried out after the prayer service had ended on Sunday.The miscreants, however, did not damage any religious symbol.City police commissioner Seemant Kumar Singh who visited the spot along with deputy commissioner of police (Crime and Traffic) D Dharmaiah told TOI that the incident took place after the prayer service last night and police learnt about the incident at 9.30am.Stating that it is too premature to pinpoint the motives or reasons or persons behind the incident, he said priority was to identify the culprits first.Noting that there are various religious places under city police limits, Seemant said it is humanly impossible to police all of them. \"Miscreants, who want to foment trouble, take advantage of this situation and indulge in acts of vandalism,\" Seemant said, adding notwithstanding these limitations, police would further strengthen patrolling at night and keep religious institutions under special focus during patrolling.Warning that police would deal with such miscreants harshly, Seemant said the miscreants had not caused any damage to the Holy Cross atop Holy Hill. Ravish Naik, Inspector, Mangalore Rural Police Station said a case has been registered in Mangalore Rural Police Station under sections 427 (mischief causing damage to amount of Rs 50) and 447 (Criminal Trespass) of IPC and Prevention of Destruction and Loss of Property Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396479", "title": "Govt's claim of strict monitoring in Prithvi Raj Nagar falls flat", "text": "JAIPUR: The rampant illegal construction of houses in the Prithvi Raj Nagar (PRN) has exposed the tall claims of the government that it has put in place strict monitoring measures at the site.After a meeting on last Thursday, the urban development housing (UDH) department issued directions to the JDA's enforcement team to monitor and stop illegal construction in the colonies falling under PRN scheme.When a TOI team visited the colonies in an effort to understand the reality at ground zero, it was found that there was no trace of monitoring and illegal construction work was running in full swing.However, an official claimed that the team has been keeping a close watch on illegal activities and has stopped such work at some places as well.The UDH had also written to the director general of police (DGP) requesting him to provide police force and help the JDA team.Even the Jaipur Development Commisioner N C Goyal had found two new illegal buildings during a visit to the site on June 15. Later, they were razed.Goyal had said then that illegal constructions continued at site due to lack of attention by the enforcement team. He had also admitted that some illegal constructions were found as he himself witnessed two of them while crossing the Muhana road.\"So far, the additional police forces have not been provided. We are expecting them this week. The PRN scheme area is spread over 11,618 bigha and covers around 33 km and it is not possible for the JDA enforcement team to monitor such a huge area,\" said a source in the JDA.Another source in the JDA said the UDH department's recent order to take possession of 2,427 bigha has become a pain in the neck for the officials.\"It looks like there are a lot of houses constructed on the land and no land is available in the scheme area. Colonies have already been developed over 70% of the land. In such circumstances, it would be difficult to indentify land and take possession,\" he said.\"The farmers might also protest as they are already demanding their acquired land be allotted back to them and rates needs to be fixed,\" he added.In 1988, the JDA acquired around 11,618 bigha. In 1993, out of 9,770 bigha of private land, possession of 7343 bigha was taken after providing compensation. The department has issued directions to take possession of remaining 2,427 bigha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "14400729", "title": "Two youth from Ludhiana held", "text": "KOLLAM: Kollam police on Monday arrested two more North Indians who are members of the ATM robbery network it busted on Sunday. The arrested have been identified as Ashish Arora (24) and Sumit Kumar Arora (28), both from Ludhiana.On Sunday two Punjabis--Sunny Gupta and Ramandeep Singh--were arrested by a special investigation squad under Kollam assistant Commissioner of police Thomson Jacob.According to police, the arrested were part of a chain led by Sunny Gupta and Ramandeep Singh. Based on the information retrieved from these two, the special squad with the help of the video images and still images recorded from the ATM counters arrested the two on Monday from an ATM counter at Polayathode.Around 30 cases have been registered against these two in various stations across the state. They had conducted all these robberies by creating fake accounts using identity cards of others. While using the ATM, the gang would leave back one currency note from the top, which the machine would retract.Then, they would phone the customer care complaining that they were not be able to withdraw the money as it was 'reversed'. The banks would provide them with the full amount back based on their complaints as the software was unable to verify how much money actually was retracted by the machine. They would collect all the valuable information which would be given to the customer care during the time of complaining to make them believe.Police have ceased around 125 ATM cards and mobile phones from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396608", "title": "Mortar shell found at Marina", "text": "CHENNAI: Four people returning home after a visit to the Marina beach on Monday evening discovered an unidentified object that was later found to be a two-inch misfired mortar shell. Police said this type of shell was believed to be used by the navy and have begun investigations.Mani Bharathi of Nochikuppam, an engineer, and his friends found the object on the sands and informed police.A team from the Marina police rushed to the spot and alerted the bomb detection and disposal squad. The squad then sent the object for examination.Additional commissioner of police P Thamaraikannan said: \"We suspect it to be a mortar shell.\" This is not the first time such items have been washed ashore, police said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14397684", "title": "Bag with ornaments stolen from marriage hall", "text": "PUNE: A bag containing gold and diamond ornaments, two cellphones and cash together worth Rs 2.27 lakh was stolen from a marriage hall near Dhole Patil Chowk on Shankarsheth road on Sunday afternoon.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Ashok Mutha (55) of Market Yard with the Khadak police station.Police sub-inspector B D Hoval, who is investigating the case, told TOI that the bag belonged to Surekha Rajendra Sethiya (50) of Chakan. Sethiya is the sister of the complainant and the mother of the bride.Sethiya was carrying the bag containing gold and diamond ornaments for her newly wed daughter, two cellphones and some cash together worth Rs 2.27 lakh. After the marriage ceremony, the relatives of the couple were taking pictures with them.Sethiya was sitting on a chair while the photography session was on. Around 3.30 pm, she went to the stage where the couple was seated and left the bag behind. She came back to find it missing, said Hoval.He said, \"One of Sethiya's relatives told us that the suspect was a well-dressed person and was spotted near Sethiya when she was requesting her relatives to proceed for the photography session.\"Hoval said, \"There were no CCTV cameras in the hall. We will send out letters to all marriage halls in our jurisdiction and request them to install CCTV cameras, which will help the police solve such incidents of thefts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14404611", "title": "Billa 2 from July 13", "text": "Alas, the makers of Billa 2 have come out with a date for Thala's 51st film. In a recent press release, the producers of Billa 2 confirmed that the much anticipated Billa 2 will have its release on July 13.Intially, the movie which was scheduled to hit the screens on June 22, eventually got postponed with the makers unhappy with the A certificate. But now, it is said that the movie with few cuts will be released with the A certification and the satellite rights to go on with U/A certification. Billa 2 , the prequel to Billa (2007) has Parvathy Omanakuttan and Bruna Abdullah as the leading ladies with Vidyut Jamwal playing the antagonist. The movie directed by Chakri Toleti has music by Yuvan Shankar Raja, Camera works by RD Rajashekar and editing by Suresh Urs.Produced by Wide Angle creations and Inn Entertainment the movie has distribution rights acquired by Aascar films and GK Media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398452", "title": "OBC quota: High court exempts 4 Delhi University colleges", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday exempted four DU colleges from reserving 27% seats for students belonging to the OBC category for admission in the academic year 2012-13 on grounds of being minority educational institutions.SGTB Khalsa College, Guru Nanak Dev Khalsa College, Mata Sundari College and Guru Gobind Singh College of Commerce, were given exemption by the court, which accepted their pleas that they had been declared minority educational institutions by the National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions (NCMEI).\"The practice which these institutions (four colleges) have been following till 2011-12 in the matter of reservation shall not be changed particularly when these institutions have already been declared as minority education institutions by the NCMEI,\" a bench of justices V K Jain and Pratibha Rani said. The court modified the May 29 order of its bench which had directed these four colleges to abide by the university's directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14400186", "title": "Uttar Pradesh Offers \u2018affordable\u2019 knee replacement", "text": "People in need of knee replacement surgeries do not need to go to other states or metros anymore. The facility is available in the state, that too in government hospitals in the state capital. Besides Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University's orthopaedic department, several private centres such as Sahara Hospital, Vivekananda Polyclinic, Mayo Hospital and Avadh Hospital are also providing the facility.What is the icing on the cake is that the cost of the procedure in the city is significantly lower than what it consts in the metros. Dcotors involed with the procedure say that on an average, two surgeries are being peformed in the city everyday.TOI takes a look at the trend.What brings the cost down?Experts believe that the cost of the procedure in the city is about 40% less than that in Delhi, Mumbai or Chennai. \"The lower cost may be attributed mainly to the cut in travel, stay and hospitalisation costs,\" said Dr HP Kumar, director, Sahara Hospital. A couple of centres for instance, are offering bilateral knee replacements (knee replacement for both legs) at a rate of around Rs 3.5 lakh. Compared to this, a patient may have to spend about Rs 4.5 lakh in other cities. \"The cost of hospitalisation, which includes OT charges, operating charges, visiting charges is significantly higher in corporate hospitals. All this is naturally reduced if the patient gets the surgery in one's own city or at a place where the attendants can bank on their friends or relative,\" said Dr Sanjai Srivastava who heads the joint replacement unit at Mayo Hospital.Facility not for allOrtho surgeons in the city can offer help to nine out of ten patients in need of knee replacement. Their hands get tied in the remaining 10% patients whose case could be complicated or that of repeat (revision) surgery, not because of lack of expertise but due to unavailability of bone allograft centres in the city. A bone allograft is a transplantable tissue that comes from a human donor. This tissue is processed and sterilised, then used in grafting surgeries to repair damaged bones or ligaments. They are normally used in extremely complicated or revision surgeries. \"It is not that we can't handle such surgeries. But, the process tends to get unnecessary lengthy as the import of allograft is involved. Instead of taking risks and putting the life of the patient in danger,\" stated a doctor. But for the remaining 90% patients, the city ortho-surgeons offer a good option.CautionThe first thing every patient must know is that knee replacement surgery is not an emergency surgery. It is a life-style procedure that a patient undergoes to lead a normal life.Accidents may be the only exception. The deciding factor is a person's mindset. Researches have proved that patients not mentally prepared for the procedure, have not shown good results. Such a surgery may be undertaken by an ortho-surgeon (MS Orthopaedics) who has taken separate training for ortho-plasty.However some times, general orthopaedics may take advantage of a patient's ignorance and promise treatment. Therefore, experts suggest that patients and attendants should not hesitate to ask and verify the credentials of the doctor and centre. A dedicated operation theatre for knee replacements (which is not being used for any other orthopaedic surgery) helps in minimising the risk of infections. Citing patient-feedback, expert preferred a centre that offers pre-operative counselling and post operative physiotherapy in the package. They also warn attendants to be careful about implants as there have been stances where a centre compromised on the quality of implant.The good dealCSMMU could be the cheapest options for a knee transplant. The cost rarely exceeds one lakh rupees. \"The patient is expected to bear the cost of implant, which costs anything around Rs 80-90,000. Rest of the treatment is free for the poor and nominally charged for patients from middle class or above. The cost would come down further if the patients use implants made in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14396898", "title": "A third of all food produced globally is wasted: United Nations", "text": "NEW DELHI: One-third of food produced globally every year does not reach human mouths - it is either lost in transit or wasted by consumers themselves. This amounts to a staggering 1.3 billion tonnes every year. These chilling figures are contained in a report called 'Avoiding Future Famines' released by the United Nations Environment Programme at the recently held Rio+20 summit on sustainable development.Consumers throw away 222 million tonnes of food in edible condition every year in North America and Europe. The total food production of Sub-Saharan Africa is 230 million tonnes per year.Based on a study last year by a group of researchers from Swedish Institute of Food &amp; Biotechnology (SIK), and the Food &amp; Agriculture Organization (FAO), the report says that food loss or waste occurs right through the food supply chain - from farm to dining table.But in medium- and high-income countries, a higher share of food is really wasted, meaning it is thrown away even if still suitable for human consumption. In low-income countries food is mainly lost during the early and middle stages of the food supply chain; much less food is wasted by consumers.'Americans throw away 25% of food'In Europe and North-America, a total of 280-300kg of food is wasted per capita every year. In Sub-Saharan Africa and South/Southeast Asia per capita food wastage is 120-170kg per year.This aggregate wastage figure is made up of loss or wastage at different stages: farming, post harvest, processing, distribution and consumption. In developing countries, more than 40% of the food losses occur at post harvest and processing levels, while in industrialized countries, more than 40% of the food losses occur at retail and consumer levels, according to analysis done by Jenny Gustavsson of SIK.Per capita food wasted by consumers in Europe and North America is 95-115kg per year, while this figure is only 6-11 kg per year in sub-Saharan Africa and South/Southeast Asia.American consumers throw away 25% of all food they purchase while British consumers throw away roughly one-third of their purchased food due to factors such as over-purchasing in response to marketing offers and obeying expiration dates labelled on products, according to the UNEP report.The UNEP report suggests organizing small-scale farmers \u2014 which comprise the bulk of producers in the developing countries like India \u2014 so that they can pool resources and share centralized storage, transportation and marketing facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14396837", "title": "District planning and development council reviews works in Yavatmal", "text": "YAVATMAL: The district planning and development council (DPDC) meeting was held on Monday under the chairmanship of district guardian minister Nitin Raut to review development works across the district.The meeting approved expenditure of annual outlay for 2011-12 and also sanctioned outlay for 2012-13. Social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe, MP Bhavana Gawali, MLAs Nilesh Parvekar, Wamanrao Kasawar, Vasant Purke and Vijay Khadse, district collector Ashwin Mudgal, ZP president Pravin Deshmukh, ZP CEO Naval Kishor Ram and other council members were present at the meeting.Raut praised chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for starting secretariat from Monday despite the fire at Mantralaya. \"We have already opened special centres at each tehsil and collectorate to receive documents and information,\" Raut said.Regarding the flash flood in 11 villages of Babhulgaon and four villages in Kalamb, Raut said he has visited the affected village of Renukapur in Babhulgaon. 'We have already distributed assistance to the tune of Rs 10 lakh to flood affected people. I have ordered the district collector to draw up a list of damage and submit a report to me,\" Raut said, promising additional financial assistance after getting the report.Raut said a mass awareness drive for RTE has been launched from Monday, with teachers and headmasters going door-to-door to register students so that all eligible kids are admitted in schools.Regarding the railway rack points, Raut said two rack points at Dhamangaon Railway and Kayar in Wani have already started and hoped they would cater to the needs of farmers. He also promised that works of new railway line between Sevagram and Nanded via Yavatmal would be expedited.Raut also promised to get night landing facility at Yavatmal airport soon by taking up the issue with officials of Reliance, which has leased the aerodrome on BOT basis.He has also reiterated his commitment to set up a textile park in Yavatmal and said instructions have been given to the collector to submit a report for a special meeting with the CM to get his final nod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14405392", "title": "Sudeep compared to Kamal", "text": "Versatile actor Sudeep has received acclaims from many quarters. However, his latest fan is a celebrity himself and the remark he supposedly made at a promotional event must make the actor proud.Renowkned music director M M Keeravani was all praise for Sudeep's performance in the yet to be released Eega. He said, \"Sudeep did a wonderful job and the role was a great challenge for him. He made a valuable contribution to the quality of the film. If we have such artists like Sudeep, then Indian film industry can make films to match world standards.\"That's not it! The best is yet to come. The music maestro said, \"He is the next best to Kamal Haasan.\" We are sure Sudeep, who's become a multilingual actor is feeling on top of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398430", "title": "Admissions in Commerce colleges affiliated to Gujarat University to begin from today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Admissions in 50-odd commerce colleges affiliated with the GU will begin from Tuesday. Over 1.85 lakh students had bought forms from different colleges.The first merit list for admission in first year BCom will be declared on Tuesday. The students will be required to pay fee within two days. After the first round, the second merit list will be declared where the students will have another two days to pay their fee.It needs mention that each student has bought forms of four to five colleges. There have been complaints of many colleges giving admissions to students over a certain cut-off which GU officials said is being probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395326", "title": "Last date extended for online admission in post-graduation courses", "text": "BHOPAL: The higher education department has extended the last date of registration and document verification for online admission in post-graduation courses to July 10. Earlier, the last date of registration and documents verification was June 25, a government spokesman said.According to the department, the seat allotment forms for the first phase will be issued from July 5. Students can deposit fees till July 7. Revised alternative choices can be presented from July 5 to 8.The second phase will commence from July 10. Besides, the fee will be accepted till July 11. Counselling for the third phase will be from 12.30 pm on July 13 while the seat allotment will be made from 1.30 pm on the same day. For this phase, students can deposit their fee on July 14, spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14400817", "title": "Passport mela disappoints Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: After a series of reports by \"The Times of India\", a \" Passport Mela\" was finally held in the city during the weekend. While the aim was to expedite the procedure of getting a passport, residents complained of harassment and delay, especially by the verification department.Joginder Singh , who was at the mela, said, \"I came here at 10.25am and was stuck till 3.30pm. The counter which is meant for verification purposes took three to four hours to do its task.\"According to Singh, officials at the verification counter were unhelpful. \"They were not telling us clearly what all documents were required and when we provided them with the documents, they would tell us they were invalid. This means that the person concerned will have to get the right documents all over again and wait for another turn,\" he added. Anuj (name changed) experienced a similar situation. He said ,\"I was asked to get my bank statement, but they never mentioned how many months. I guessed six months should be fine, but they refused to accept it and asked me to get a statement for one year. Such things should be made clear beforehand.\"Fed up of visiting the passport service centre, Udyog Vihar every other day, Rajesh Giri, another Gurgaon resident, said that he had all the documents that were required,only to hear \"please come tomorrow\". \"Passport officials in Gurgaon need to organise their way of working,\" Giri said.Many people at the service centre also complained about the inadequate counters to deal with the large clientele.When asked to comment on the issue, Anjali Sikka, a passport official at the venue, refused to talk and referred the matter to Anurag Bhushan, who is associated with the Delhi branch. But even Bhushan was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14395939", "title": "Skeleton of boy who went missing in Hosur found", "text": "CHENNAI: Police in Krishnagiri district have recovered the skeleton of a class 11 student, who went missing from Hosur in October 2011, the government informed the Madras high court on Monday.Sandesh Mandal had fallen in love with his tutor's daughter and this infuriated the girl's family, especially her father Rajkumar, an excise inspector.Police made little progress in their investigation of Sandesh's disappearance and the boy's father, Sushil Mandal, filed a habeas corpus petition in the high court.In his petition, Mandal charged the police with stalling the case because of the clout of the girl's father. Mandal said he suspected that Rajkumar had illegally detained his son.The probe picked up momentum after the high court expressed dissatisfaction with the investigation and directed the superintendent of police, Hosur, to personally monitor the case.Additional public prosecutor Govindarajan on Monday informed a bench, comprising Justice K N Basha and Justice P Devadoss that the boy's skeleton had been recovered. He said the boy's remains would be sent for forensic analysis. Recording the police stand, the bench directed the government to inform the boy's father about the developments.Cops ignored plea, says victim's fatherMandal, who came to the state from West Bengal to work at a granite company in Hosur, said he had reported the disappearance of his son to the Sipcot police in Hosur on October 16, but the police registered an FIR only two days later.When he checked Sandesh's cellphone and schoolbag, Mandal said, he realized that his son had developed a relationship with his tuition teacher's daughter. They had been friends for two years before the boy went missing under mysterious circumstances. Mandal suspected that the girl's family had something to do with his son's disappearance.Mandal said he insisted that the investigators question the girl's father, but police officers told him that it would be better not to act against Rajkumar because he held a powerful post. He said he had approached the district collector and even the chief minister's grievance cell, but to no avail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397246", "title": "Mother of raped 2-year-old wants death for accused", "text": "NAGPUR: The mother of a two-year-old girl, who was raped by her uncle, wants death penalty for the accused, Dilip Jadhav, who is also her brother. The victim is out of danger but is still critical at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).\"He is not my brother. He should be beaten publicly and hanged to death. If he is let go, me and my husband will kill him after he is released from jail,\" said the mother. She also called for some Good Samaritans to extend financial help for the treatment of the abused baby.Father of two children, Jadhav, 35-year-old, is a resident of Dighori. Police said Jadhav's son is also undergoing treatment for some illness at GMCH.The heinous crime had come to light early on Saturday morning when the victim's mother noticed her brother forcing himself upon her daughter at their residence. The victim Radha (name changed) has an elder sister aged four and a four-month-old younger sister.Talking to TOI, the mother said that she saw Jadhav had gagged her daughter while committing the heinous crime. Radha and her sisters were asleep with their mother in an open area in front of the house while her father was asleep inside the two-room house. Jadhav stays in the neighbouring house.Around 3am, Radha's mother noticed Jadhav and screamed to alert her husband. The parents immediately alerted Hudkeshwar police station and Radha was admitted at GMCH. Her mother said that Radha was unable to speak when brought to hospital. She also claimed that the doctors did not treat the tiny tot till 1pm. Jadhav, who had fled the spot, was nabbed on Sunday afternoon by police.Suffering from unbearable pain, Radha has been crying continuously and did not eat anything on Monday. Though nurses and others were seen trying to make her smile and entertain her, the baby girl could only rest for a while in her mother's lap.The mother did not have any help from her family to look after her daughter at the hospital. She also blamed hospital authorities for negligence and unhygienic condition. Since Sunday morning, the hospital authorities have not provided a bed sheet for the victim's bed. \"I have to clean the bed and also look after my daughter,\" she said.Investigating officer API Vinod Dighore said that Jadhav hasn't confessed to the crime yet. \"Before going to bed, Jadhav, a cycle rickshaw puller, had liquor with Radha's father. The medical reports have confirmed the rape,\" he said.Jadhav was produced in the district court and was given police custody remand till June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14395424", "title": "World Twenty20 is my target: Yuvraj Singh", "text": "BANGALORE: Raising the possibility of a return to international cricket at the World Twenty20, dashing all-rounder Yuvraj Singh resumed his fitness drills at the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore on Monday.Yuvraj, who was at the NCA a fortnight ago for a brief session, said his body was regaining strength as his rehabilitation progressed.\"Feeling good. My body will become stronger stage by stage. World Twenty20 is my target. Hopefully I can be ready a little before that,\" said India's World Cup hero, who is recovering after undergoing treatment for cancer in the United States.Yuvraj may play in pre-season domestic tournaments in the southern states.\"I have to see the schedule. May be in August, I should play a few tournaments down south. I am not sure about the dates so I have to check,\" said the 30-year-old who has not appeared in any form of the game since last November when he was diagnosed with lung cancer.The Shafi Darashah Trophy in Bangalore, Buchi Babu Invitational Tournament in Chennai and Moin ud Dowla Gold Cup in Hyderabad are the three tournaments scheduled to be played in the next three months.With the World T20 starting scheduled between September 18 and October 7 in Sri Lanka, Yuvraj is not in a rush but wants to be 100 per cent fit before resuming international cricket.\"I will be in NCA for a while now. I want to come back and play for India, that's my goal. It's not very easy on the body. I have gone through a lot and my body has gone through a lot of shock. People are expecting me to come back very quickly, but I don't want to rush,\" said the left-hander.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14399293", "title": "Dargah case: One accused surrenders", "text": "VARANASI: Iqbal Rayin, one of the six accused of June 16 Rahim Shah Dargah incident, where four persons were brutally killed, surrendered before the court of chief judicial magistrate on Monday morning. Heavy forces were deployed around Kutchehri premises to arrest Rayin before he could reach the court to surrenderbut succeeded in dodging the cops. Rayin, covering his face with a towel, reached the CJM court with his lawyers to surrender. Later, the court sent him to district jail on judicial remand.It may be recalled that after the brutal killing of Dargah's head and three other persons of his family, a named FIR against six persons was lodged in this connection. The police had arrested the wife and another woman of the family of Amzad, the gravedigger and main accused in the case. Amzad, his brother and his son are still absconding. The angry mob made an abortive bid to set Rayin's house on fire. On June 23, the police had attached the property of Rayin.Several killed in road mishapsAt least three persons were killed in separate road mishaps at different places in Ballia and Ghazipur districts.According to reports, Priyanshu (7), a native of Chaubeypur village under Fefana police station in Ballia district was killed when an auto-rickshaw hit him near his residence on Monday morning. The incident occurred when he was crossing the road. He died on the spot. Angered by this, the locals blocked the road until police and district administration ensured financial assistance for his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14400119", "title": "Monsoon likely to be below normal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Days after the Indian Meteorological Department and Chandigarh Meteorological Department forecast normal monsoon, here comes a dampener. The met department here on Monday said monsoon would be below normal. Though its reasons were not yet clear, officials said low relative humidity (RH) could be a cause.\"Humidity levels are linked with monsoon. Higher humidity would mean better rainfall. But its level is quite low (66%) in the city at present,\" they said.\"Usually, humidity increases at this time, as the south easterly winds pick up moisture from the Bay of Bengal which then brings rainfall to the city. However, this time moisture in the air is low,\"said met director Surinder Paul. Even the 2.4mm rainfall, accompanied by winds blowing at 25kmph on Sunday night, failed to raise the RH level to an extent that would bring the desired rainfall. The RH level went up from 56% on Sunday to 66% on Monday and the temperature dropped from 40.7 degree C to 38.8 degree C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396270", "title": "Shinde points fingers at Deshmukh, babus", "text": "MUMBAI: Union power minister and former Maharashtra chief minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on Monday deftly passed the buck for granting approvals to Adarsh society, pointing fingers at his predecessor and successor Vilasrao Deshmukh , and senior bureaucrats who placed files before him. Shinde, who had approved the list of members, claimed ignorance that flats were allotted to many senior bureaucrats in his government.\"I am grateful to the commission and lawyers for not treating me as a criminal,\" Shinde said as he wound up testimony before the commission headed by Justice (rtd) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam.Shinde took sips of water as he answered questions from lawyers and the commission. He is the first former CM to be examined before the commission and will be followed by Vilasrao on Tuesday and Ashok Chavan on Saturday. Shinde told the commission that he had no role in deciding to allot land to Adarsh or grant the society more construction rights in the form of floor space index (FSI).\"The decision to allot land to Adarsh was taken prior to my becoming CM. I was not consulted on the issue of letter of intent (LOI) to Adarsh,\" said Shinde during cross-examination by advocate Dhiren Shah, counsel for the Union ministry of defence and the ministry of environment &amp; forests (MoEF). The LOI to Adarsh was issued on January 18, 2003, the day Shinde took oath as chief minister. But Shinde told the commission that he had assumed office in the evening and the LOI had been issued in the morning, when Vilasrao was still CM.Questioned by counsels for the commission senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri, about Adarsh being allotted FSI from the adjoining BEST plot to construct additional floors, Shinde said, \"The additional FSI in respect of the adjoining land to Adarsh was not done during my tenure.\" It was during the tenure of Deshmukh who had succeeded Shinde as CM that the FSI was allotted to Adarsh.Shinde said he was unaware that kin of senior bureaucrats, including collector Pradeep Vyas and chief minister's secretary Subhash Lalla were Adarsh members. Shinde also said he did not remember if Vyas was Mumbai collector during his tenure.Vyas was in-charge of verifying and scrutinizing the list of Adarsh members.\"It was not brought to my notice that the name of Seema Vyas, which was in the list of members, was the wife of collector Vyas. The CM's secretary Lalla did not bring to my notice that his relations (mother and daughter) were members of Adarsh,\" said Shinde, adding, \"I cannot say whether it was proper or improper on the part of the concerned to have not brought to my notice that Seema Vyas was a member of Adarsh.\"Shinde put the onus on government officers, saying he had acted on notings from various departments and officers, and had no reason to independently verify the contents. \"I acted on whatever the department said in the noting,\" he said.For a series of questions, Shinde replied that the issue was not brought to his notice.This included the fact that the LOI had sought MoEF clearance and environmental clearance was not obtained, that the Adarsh matter should have been referred to the cabinet, or that at the time of allotment the land was in the military's possession.Grilled about the fact that the Adarsh issue was not placed before the cabinet, as per rules, Shinde responded, \"It is impossible for the CM to take cases above Rs 50,000 to the cabinet. Every day hundreds of cases involving value of more than Rs 50,000 are placed before the CM.\" Shinde further said that since the collector was asked to verify membership before possession of the land is given, \"I did not think it necessary to place the Adarsh issue before the cabinet\".Shinde also said ex-MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani would meet him in connection with Adarsh, but no other member ever approached him.the fire at Mantralaya had its effect on proceedings on Tuesday. The commission asked the government lawyer to produce any resolution it had to prove that powers had been delegated to the finance minister for matters concerning his department where the value is more than Rs 50,000.Meanwhile, government counsel A Y Sakhare told the court it was difficult to trace some records because of the fire at Mantralaya. \"It may have been gutted since the records are usually kept on the fourth floor,\" remarked member P Subrahmanyam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14404813", "title": "Why Indian IT companies find it tough to hold expats", "text": "BANGALORE: Indian information technology (IT) companies that have turned to expatriates and foreigners to fill senior management positions - to take advantage of their global experience and give the companies better global branding - are facing challenges in retaining them. Despite a loaded compensation package, some have hit the exit button even before they have completed their contracted tenures.Prasad Medury, partner at global executive search firm Amrop India, says there tends to be a serious mismatch between expectations projected at the time of recruitment and the actual working environment . \"Indian IT firms overcommit job content and organization positioning at the time of recruitment, but this does not materialize in reality,\" he says.Martha Bejar, who was the CEO of Wipro's US subsidiary Infocrossing, quit the company last year. She was paid Rs 5.5 crore in annual salary.She had joined Wipro in July 2009 to head the company's global sales and operations, but when the company undertook a restructuring under CEO T K Kurien, she was made CEO of Infocrossing.Mark Fleming, who joined as Wipro's head of telecom, media and technology business in 2010, quit the company last April. Patrick Grubbs joined HCL Axon as global head of travel and transportation practice in February 2010, but in just over two years he moved to a similar vertical in NIIT Technologies . Robert Eichler , was principal consultant in Infosys for just two years and five months, from July 2009 to November 2011.There are also those like Joseph King, who joined Mind-Tree around the time it was founded in 1999 and who left more than 12 years later, in January this year. King managed MindTree's global brand and marketing strategy and helped establish its US operations.But such people seem to be exceptions. C K Guruprasad, search consultant (technology practice) at global executive search firm Heidrick &amp; Struggles India, says expats come with a timeframe in mind, unless there is a compelling reason for them to stay. \"The stickiness factor is more with Indians,\" he says.For many foreigners, working in an Indian IT company is now seen as a big plus on their CVs. But minor irritants in day-to-day operations exacerbate the challenge of holding back high-powered expats and foreigners.\"Companies in India follow a cost-conscious approach. Being a part of the globalized world, expats feel unsettled when they are asked to deliver without being given the resources they are used to,\" says Rajeev Vasudeva, a consultant at executive search firm Egon Zehnder International.The transition to the Indian company's way of doing things can still be intimidating for many. \"Integrating expats into Indian IT companies has been a challenge. Navigating through the complexity of the nature and pace of work can create dissonance,\" says Priya Chetty-Rajagopal, vice-president at executive search firm Stanton Chase International. But she is optimistic about the future. \"Indian companies provide exciting opportunities for expats. But global Indian firms are still establishing their truly international character. It's workin-progress ,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14399684", "title": "Ayurveda doctors want a part in viral fever combat", "text": "KOCHI: The rise in viral fever cases in the state has forced the government to take action by implementing compulsory service of around 438 allopathy doctors in various districts. However, most have failed to join duty.So, the government should take immediate steps to include Ayurveda doctors in the fight against fever, said the ayurvedic medicine manufacturing association of India. The state government has to follow the example of Maharashtra which was instrumental in appointing Ayurveda doctors to overcome the widespread viral fever cases, since allopathy doctors were not willing to provide their services in slums, said Dr D Ramanathan, secretary of the organization, on Monday.\"Government should give an opportunity to ayurveda doctors to check the spread of epidemics. They can work on contract or under NRHM,\" said Dr Ramanathan. The organization has sent a memorandum to the state to this effect.The rise in viral fever cases in the state has forced the government to take action by implementing compulsory service of around 438 allopathy doctors in various districts, but most of them have failed to join duty. So, the government should take immediate steps to include Ayurveda doctors in the fight against fever, said the ayurvedic medicine manufacturing association of India.The Kerala government has to follow the example of Maharashtra which was instrumental in appointing Ayurveda doctors to overcome the widespread viral fever cases, since the doctors of allopathy were not willing to provide their services in slums, said Dr D Ramanathan, secretary of the organization, in a press release issued here on Monday.\"The government should give an opportunity to ayurveda doctors to check the spread of epidemics. They can work on a contract basis or under the NRHM,\" said Dr Ramanathan. The organization has sent a memorandum to the government to this effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14397518", "title": "Delhi University cutoffs soar even in off-campus colleges", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first cutoff list for Delhi University colleges is out, and it is harder than ever to get a seat. Though many popular colleges have tried to not raise the bar too high, the cutoffs have soared in some off-campus colleges, with a rise of up to 11 percentage points in courses such as BA (h) history compared with last year's first list.Students planning a regular degree course over engineering will find it difficult to get admission in science courses which have seen a sharper rise in cutoffs.Ironically, the play-safe approach adopted by less popular colleges \u2014 by raising cutoffs \u2014 may just ensure that most admissions in the first list take place in sought-after colleges like Shri Ram College of Commerce, Lady Shri Ram College and Sri Venkateswara College, where cutoffs have gone up only marginally for in-demand courses.After drawing flak for doing the unprecedented last year, SRCC has made sure its cutoffs don't touch the 100% mark this time. It has put the bar for BCom (h) at 96.5% for commerce aspirants and 98.5% for others.At LSR, the cutoff for BCom (h) is unchanged at 97% this year. Even Sri Venkateswara College has maintained 97% to 98% as the cutoff range for BCom (h) \u2014 higher than SRCC \u2014 while registering a comparatively marginal increase in the rest of the courses. Kirori Mal College continues to be extra cautious by posting 96.75% as the cutoff for Despite just one admission in the first list last year, Kirori Mal College continues to be extra cautious by posting 96.75% as the cutoff for BCom (h).SGTB Khalsa College has turned out to be more student-friendly, at least for science aspirants. The cutoffs for both Physics (h) and Chemistry (h) remains the same as last year -- 92% and 90%, respectively. However, in BA programme, cutoffs are up by 8%, and in English (h) and history (h), by 7%.Ramjas has done the unthinkable by raising the cutoff marks for BA (honours) history by 11%. Humanities students with at least 91% marks can get admission in the course, as per the first list. Even in BSc (h) chemistry, Ramjas has hiked the cutoff by 10.5%. Gargi College and Maitreyi College too are not far behind, increasing their BA (h) history cutoff by 10%.\"The number of students who took admission in BA (honours) in history and political science was much more than our capacity. So as a caution the admission committee has kept the cutoff high which we can bring down in the second list if necessary. Moreover, in order to fill the BA programme seats ahead of BA (honours), we keep its cutoff much lower,\" said Gargi College principal Meera Ramachandran.Some of the courses witnessing a big jump this year are BA (h) English, BSc (h) mathematics and BSc (h) physics, among others. Among colleges not participating in combined aptitude test for English (CATE), Deshbandhu College and SGTB Khalsa College registered an increase of 11% and 7% in the first list as compared to last year. Among colleges accepting CATE score, Hindu College has hiked the English (h) cutoff by 4%.Call it the rising popularity of colleges beyond the campus or a sheer paucity of seats, the inflated cutoff list released on Monday evening leaves candidates with little hope. S K Garg, principal, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College, which has hiked the physics (h) and chemistry (h) cutoffs by 8% each, explained the situation.\"Last year we admitted students almost three times more than the number of seats and the same happened in campus colleges too. When they don't get a seat there the next option is colleges like ours. Even our college is rated quite high and we don't want to admit students in excess. There are four more lists to come and candidates can expect a drop of 1% to 2% at least,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14400099", "title": "Private doctors strike work", "text": "KANPUR: All the private hospital and nursing homes remained closed on Monday on a call given by the Indian Medical Association (IMA), Kanpur, to protest against amendments in the Clinical Establishment Act, 2010, and National Commission for Human Resources for Health (NCHRH) Bill, 2011, proposed by Union health ministry.According to IMA, the Union government's decision to set up a National Commission for Health and other policies had been affecting the medical profession. The powers of the Medical Council of India (MCI) and state branches of the body will get diluted. The Bill also suggests setting up of a superior body to govern the state medical councils.IMA Kanpur branch president, Dr S K Mishra, said that the Bill would provide powers to the Centre to appoint non-medicos as members in the medical and health commission. Patients from rural areas had to face hardships as they could not see the doctors.The members of IMA had also held a symposium on the issue.\"It is unjustified that that a person from another field will control the affairs of the medical profession. We need elected members in the council governing doctors and no bureaucratic control,\" Dr Mishra said and added that supremacy of the MCI must be maintained.\"The government wants all the small establishments we have been running since decades to be equipped with a waiting area of 200 square feet and air-conditioning, among other facilities. This may be impractical and unfeasible for most members of our association. The expenses will force the doctors to raise fees which would be unfair for patients,\" members said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401387", "title": "Rs 12.94 crore for solar LED street lights", "text": "PATNA: The urban development and housing department has granted Rs 12.94 crore for installation of solar LED street lights in the areas under 18 urban local bodies.Urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar on Monday said, \"3,002 solar LED street lights would be installed in the first phase of the project to be executed by the department for international development (DFID), a UK based agency.\"He said the project would help the 60 lakh population of the 18 urban areas.Altogether 28 urban local bodies would get Solar LED street light. However, in the first phase, only 18 of them would get the street lights. DFID would start installing the lights within one month and complete the process in six months. It would also maintain these lights for ten years from the date of their installation. The remaining 10 urban local bodies would get these street lights in the second phase of the project.Motihari, Dehri, Katihar, Bodh Gaya, Aurangabad, Nawada, Khagaul, Danapur, Bhagalpur, Jamalpur, Purnia, Phulwarisharif, Kishanganj, Siwan, Begusarai, Hajipur, Gaya and Sitamarhi would be covered in the first phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "14399316", "title": "Morsi vows to be president of all Egyptians", "text": "CAIRO: The Muslim Brotherhood's Mohamed Morsi pledged to be a leader for all Egyptians after being crowned successor to ousted strongman Hosni Mubarak in a triumph for the long-repressed Islamist movement.\"I will be a president for all Egyptians,\" Morsi said just hours after he was declared the winner. \"I call on you, great people of Egypt... to strengthen our national unity ,\" he added. National unity \"is the only way out of these difficult times\".Morsi, who resigned from the Muslim Brotherhood to take the top job, also thanked the \"martyrs\" of the 18-day popular uprising that forced Mubarak from power. \"The revolution continues,\" he said. The 60-year-old engineer vowed to honour international treaties, adding: \"We come in peace.\"The new Egyptian president Mohammed Morsi moved first thing on Monday morning into the office once occupied by his ousted predecessor Hosni Mubarak and started work on forming a government even before he had a clear picture of what he could do after the ruling military stripped most of the major powers from his post.The country breathed a sigh of relief that at least the question of who won the presidential runoff had been resolved on Sunday after the first free and fair elections in Egypt's modern history. People returned to work a day after a panic that sent many home early for fear that violence might erupt when the winner was announced. Traffic was flowing again through Cairo's Tahrir Square.Egypt's benchmark stock index closed with record gains of 7.5% in a sign of optimism after a president was named. And newspapers were brimming with upbeat headlines, after a week of rumours and scaremongering. \"Morsi president on orders from the people: The revolution reaches the presidential palace,\" said a banner headline in daily Al-Shorouk.Morsi's election victory came after 18 months of a tumultuous military-led transition from Mubarak's rule, marked by political upheaval and bloodshed. Thousands of Morsi supporters celebrated in Tahrir Square after poll result announcement. AGENCIESBoosting ties with Iran on prez menuEgypt's Islamist president-elect , Mohamed Morsi, has pledged to strengthen ties with Iran to build a \"strategic balance in the region\" , according to an interview excerpt given by an Iranian news agency on Monday. \"Part of my agenda is the development of ties between Iran and Egypt that will create a strategic balance in the region,\" Morsi was quoted as saying by Iran's Fars news agency.-- AFP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397384", "title": "Rave parties not just big city phenomenon", "text": "NAGPUR: The partying scene in the city may be heating up giving the youngsters a taste of high life in bigger cities. The trend has, however, also brought with it the chance for these revelers to get high on things other than fun. The rave parties and spread of drugs have caught up with the city youth as well.It's not just the clubs and parties that see the youngsters indulging in these dangerous habits. Many of them say their friends frequently 'use' these substances at college, hostels, rented rooms and even on highways. The availability of the drugs is \"no big deal\" for most as there are several known hotspots with designated dealers for most areas of the city.\"Only a close-knit group of people is privy to these parties- often organized at farmhouses or bungalows. In the last couple of years, there have been more and more of such 'house parties'. It is easier to connect and invite using code words on social networking sites and instant messaging,\" revealed Lavish K, an MBA student. On weekends, the clubs and lounges are also full of people making use of illicit substances, he said. \"I have seen users in the washrooms of many a known club of the city,\" he added.A businessman, who is a regular at the party scene, recently got to see this dark side of his fellow party-goers. \"Usually, I leave the parties early. That day, I stay put till the very end. Being a bit tipsy, I decided to ask this guy whom I had met with socially for a lift. He stopped the car in a dark alley where he made the purchases. He also told me that most of his friends frequented the spot at late nights, usually after partying hard to get their 'daily fix',\" he narrated.Many of those into drugs are people living away from homes. \"It is a common habit amongst hostelites, even girls. They talk openly about the purchases in the college, albeit in code language which we have now picked up,\" said an engineering student from a city college.A MBA student narrated how she came across a group of collegians getting high in a roadside dhaba on the outskirts of the city. \"It would have been difficult to tell that this group was completely stoned had I not seen one sniffing some stuff. They were even asking for something from the staffers of the eatery through gestures,\" she said.\"The wares are sold like hot cakes on nights before the parties. Fridays and Saturdays are the days when many of us get our weekly fixes. The more well-connected ones can get it a daily basis as well,\" said Bhavik, a student who confessed to be habituated to a few of the wares himself. \"Some students turn salesmen on the campus themselves, making some extra money on the side,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14399112", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee may give Mamata a miss", "text": "KOLKATA: It isn't just CPM and Forward Bloc. Pranab Mukherjee may seek support of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha when its party president Bimal Gurung goes to meet him in Delhi. But will Mukherjee make a personal call to Mamata Banerjee or reach out to her Harish Chatterjee Street residence? Pradesh Congress leaders keep the guessing game going on.\"Pranab babu has sought support from all political parties, particularly those from Bengal. He has already appealed to the Trinamool Congress and is likely to seek support of Gorkha Janmukti Morcha,\" said Pradesh Congress Committee president Pradip Bhattacharya.But Bhattacharya isn't certain if Mukherjee will go the extra mile and step into the threshold of Mamata Banerjee's residence as former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee had done when Mamata was with the NDA. \"I do not know what he will do. But there are no such plans as yet,\" Bhattacharya said.With Mukherjee due to resign from the Congress Working Committee on Tuesday, the party won't pressure him to mend fences with chief minister Mamata Banerjee. Instead, the Congress high command is trying out an economic strategy, independently, to keep its crucial ally in the UPA fold.So while AICC general secretary in charge of West Bengal Shakeel Ahmed accompanies Mukherjee during the UPA presidential candidate's tour to the state, Mukherjee may not go to Kalighat as was the buzz last Friday. The Presidential hopeful will definitely meet the CPM and Forward Bloc MLAs in the assembly as he would address the Congress legislators of Bengal to seek their support as a matter of procedure when he comes next time.Mukherjee's son, Congress MLA Abhijit Mukherjee, also set speculation to rest about his approaching Mamata Banerjee. \"I am seeking support from all the parties for my father who is the UPA presidential candidate. But I have no plans to go to Mamata Banerjee's Harish Chatterjee Street residence. I do not know what my father will do,\" said Abhijit. The Congress MLA had approached individual legislators such as Forward Bloc MLA Udayan Guha and those of the Left Front as also the Trinamool in a bid to mobilize support in his father's favour. If Abhijit's comment is anything to go by, Pranab Mukherjee is not going beyond the routine to woo Mamata Banerjee.Trinamool camp, on the other hand, has left little room for conciliation on Mukherjee's candidature. The veteran Congressman doesn't suit the parameters that Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee has already announced in Facebook for the presidential candidate. When railway minister Mukul Roy was asked on Monday why TMC had not made its stand clear on the Presidential poll, he said there was \"plenty of time till the election\" and he would not disclose TMC's stand yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398810", "title": "Connaught Place revamp: NDMC slashes budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a nine-fold increase in the estimated cost of the Connaught Place redevelopment project, the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) has slashed the project cost by Rs 200 crore \u2014 from Rs 671 crore to Rs 477 crore. The revised budget estimate was approved by the council meeting of NDMC on Monday.While the council has resolved to give consultant Engineers India Limited time till December 2012 to finish the project, no decision has been taken regarding imposing penalty on the agency for delay in the project.The cost of the project has been slashed by Rs 200 crore as the civic agency has decided to scrap a few components of the projects. It has been decided to drop the construction of four subways at Yusuf Zai market, Chelmsford Road, State Entry Road and P-Block SBS Marg. Apart from this, provision for centralsied air-conditioning and construction of an underground parking lot in Inner Circle have also been dropped.\"This is a case of poor planning. Why didn't they plan the project properly? They first increased the scope of work and are now scrapping projects as EIL is not able to meet the deadline. EIL has missed several deadlines. But now that scope of work has been reduced then they should set an early deadline for completion,'' said Karan Singh Tanwar, MLA from New Delhi and member of NDMC. In the meeting, Tanwar demanded that EIL's contractor should be cancelled.The initial cost of the project was Rs 76 crore. According to CAG report on Commonwealth Games 2010, poor planning and huge increase in scope of work by NDMC resulted in a nine-fold increase in the estimated cost from Rs 76 crore to Rs 671 crore of the renovation project. While the project cost has been revised, the civic agency is yet to decide on imposing a penalty on the consultant for delay .\"As per government rules, if the contractors are not able to finish the work on time, then penalty should be imposed. The project has missed several deadlines, but the civic agency has not imposed any penalty,'' said Tanwar. When contacted, NDMC chairperson Archna Arora refused to comment. Monday's council meeting was attended by chief minister Sheila Dikshit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14395688", "title": "New weekly train", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: East Coast Railway has decided to introduce a new weekly train between Shalimar (Howrah) and Chennai from July 3. The major stations where the train will stop are Kharagpur, Balasore, Bhadrak, Cuttack, Bhubaneswar, Khurda Road, Berhampur, Palasa, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, Vijayawada and Gudur.It will have nine sleeper class bogies, two AC 3-tier bogies, one AC 2-tier bogie, four second class bogies and two second class sitting-cum-luggage booking vans.Train number 22825 Shalimar-Chennai superfast express would leave Shalimar every Tuesday at 12.20pm and reach Chennai at 5pm the next day. The train would leave Chennai every Thursday at 4.15 pm and reach Shalimar at 9.30pm the following day.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14399658", "title": "'Will do anything to make Akash walk again'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Here is some good news for Akash, the crippled one-year-old lion cub. The minister for welfare of backward communities, P K Jayalakshmi has directed zoo authorities here to look at all possible options to make him walk again.\"I have told the authorities to study similar cases in other zoos in the country. If required they can personally visit the zoos and interact with experts to do something about Akash,'' Jayalakshmi told TOI. The zoo officials have been encouraged by the minister's response.''We are trying to make him feel better every day. The minister has personally assured all assistance on the part of the government. In a way this could also rule out the need to subject the animal to euthanasia,'' a zoo official said.Jayalakshmi stated that advance equipment can be procured if need be to make Akash mobile again. ''I have also asked them to study cases in foreign countries. Whatever it may cost to make him walk again, the government will take care of the expense,'' she said.Akash who was born with defective limbs became paralysed a week ago. Both his hind legs became useless and he was shifted to the zoo hospital. A special team has been looking after Akash, who revealed that Akash has been eating well and that he has so far not developed any other physical disorders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14399909", "title": "Tamil Nadu to take Kerala dam plan on Siruvani to Supreme Court: Minister", "text": "COIMBATORE: Yet another legal battle between Kerala and Tamil Nadu over water is likely with state PWD minister K V Ramalingam saying that TN that the state would not remain a mute spectator and it would move the Supreme Court against Kerala's plan to revive an old project to build a dam across the Siruvani river in Attapady in Palakkad district.Speaking to the media in Erode on Monday, Ramalingam said the state would approach the apex court to protect its rights over Siruvani and Bhavani waters. Chief minister Jayalalithaa has already written to the Prime Minister asking him to advise Kerala not to proceed with the irrigation scheme or any other project on the Siruvani. The issue would be taken to the Supreme Court soon, he said. The state government would also apprise the apex court about the hasty manner in which Kerala was pursuing the project and without waiting for the final verdict of Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal. \"The chief minister has already asked the Centre not to give the dam project technical clearance as that would violate the final order. The same argument would be raised before the Supreme Court as well,'' he said.According to the minister, Kerala government was manipulating the issue by claiming that the new dam would not affect supply of drinking to Coimbatore city. \"They are hiding the fact that the new dam would affect the inflow into the Bhavani river. It will affect agriculture and drinking water supply in Coimbatore, Tirupur and Erode districts. Kerala must respect the federal spirit of the Constitution and it treat water as a national commodity,'' he said. He also charged the Kerala government for creating divisions between people of the two states by raking up an old project, dropped three decades ago.The AIADMK government is bound to protect interests of the state and it would ensure justice from the apex court to farmers in Coimbatore, Erode and Tirupur districts,' the minister said.Coimbatore: Yet another legal war between Kerala and Tamil Nadu over sharing river water is likely to begin very soon as PWD Minister K V Ramalingam has made it clear that the state would not remain a mute spectator in the face of Kerala's fresh controversial move to construct a new dam across Siruvani River in Attapady and it would approach Supreme Court.The minister had made this announcement in Erode on Monday while interacting with journalists and made it clear that the state would opt the legal way to protect its water rights in Siruvani. According to him, Chief Minister Jayalalithaa has already written to the Prime Minister asking him to advise Kerala not to proceed with the irrigation scheme or any other project on the Siruvani and the same would be taken up with the Supreme Court very soon. The state will also tell Supreme Court about the hasty manner in which pursuing the dam project without waiting for final verdict of Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal.' 'Chief Minister has already asked the Centre not to accord the dam project its technical clearance as that would violate final order. The same argument would be raised before the Supreme Court as well,'' he said.According to the minister, Kerala was cleverly manipulating the issue by saying that drinking water supply from existing Siruvani dam to Coimbatore city would not be affected. They are hiding the fact that the new dam would affect flow in Bhavani River and affect agriculture and drinking water supply in Coimbatore, Tirupur and Erode districts. Federal spirit of the constitution must be maintained by Kerala and it must treat water as a national commodity,'' he said. He also charged UDF government in Kerala of creating divisions between people of the two states by raking up an old project, dropped three decades ego saying it was not a viable one.The AIADMK government is bound to protect interests of the state and it would ensure justice from the apex court to the affected farming community of Coimbatore, Erode and Tirupur,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14397054", "title": "CM stresses on developing land banks for future projects", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday directed the development authorities to construct houses for low income group people and arrange houses for them under the integrated housing schemes. He also asked the authorities to speed up the work on the proposed Bus Rapid Transport System ( BRTS) in Lucknow and Kanpur.Presiding over a review meeting on Monday, Akhilesh said that the development authorities should create land banks, so that new schemes should be initiated. He also inquired about the JP International Centre, international cricket stadium and Janeshwar Mishra Park which are proposed in Lucknow. The projects, he said, be completed on a priority basis and in time. The CM also asked the authorities to see that people do not face any problem in getting services including sanctioning of the map of house.Akhilesh said that the development authorities in the state can play a crucial role in shaping up city in a way that would not only invite investments, but also boost tourism. He gave an example of Ramgarh Lake in Gorakhpur which could be beautified by stopping flow of sewers into it. Likewise, Chitrakoot Development Authority could also work on development of Kamathgiri where thousands of tourists visit every year. The CM also asked the officials of Allahabad Development Authority to see that city development be done keeping in mind Maha Kumbh, which also attracts devotees on a large scale. He asked UP chief secretary, Jawed Usmani to assess the development works in Allahabad every fortnight.The CM asked the officials of Kanpur Development Authority to construct a Mandhana-Bhauti bypass and get the Transport Nagar shifted from the city limits. Likewise, construction of an inner ring road in Agra, a park and an IT park in the Taj city will also be assessed on a fortnightly basis, he said.The chief minister said that scarcity of water has been one of the main problems that people have been facing for quite sometime. He emphasised on rain water harvesting that could be taken on an exhaustive scale. He said that the rain water harvesting systems may be installed in the government buildings free of cost. \"That would inspire others also to install such systems in their houses,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14399676", "title": "New alignment for Pazhoor drinking water project", "text": "KOCHI: In an effort to break the deadlock over fixing the alignment of the Rs 210 crore drinking water project from Pazhoor to West Kochi under the JNNURM scheme, the heads of local bodies in Piravom and Mulanthuruthy are learnt to have submitted an alternative alignment for the project.The local bodies' heads represented the public agitation against the alignment through the Piravom-Mulanthuruthy Road, and submitted the report to the chief minister in Thiruvananthapuram on Monday.As per the alternative proposal, alignment should go through paddy fields and sides of the Muvattupuzha Valley Irrigation Project (MVIP) canals. As the alternative proposal requires land acquisition and reclaimation of paddy fields on a large scale for constructing a new road, the chances are still bleak for the project to kick off in the near future.The project that was supposed to be completed by March 2012 has been delayed due to opposition from the local crowd against digging roads for laying the pipeline.For implementing the project, KWA has to construct a twenty four kilometre-long pipeline connecting the pump house at Piravom and the treatment plant in Kundannoor.The KWA officials said that they have almost completed the laying of pipeline in other parts of the city. The pipes connecting the treatment plant and various locations of West Kochi are almost ready.Once implemented, the project will draw water from Muvattupuzha River at Pazhoorkadavu and pump it to the tank in Arakkunnam. The project is expected to be a relief for the people in Maradu, Kumbalam, Kumbalangi, Chellanam, Edakochi, Fort Kochi, Naval Base and Thevara areas who suffer from acute water shortage.In an effort to break the deadlock over fixing the alignment of the Rs 210 crore drinking water project from Pazhoor to West Kochi under the JNNURM scheme, the heads of local bodies in Piravom and Mulanthuruthy areas are learnt to have submitted an alternative alignment for the project. The local bodies' heads represented the locals agitating against the alignment through Piravom-Mulanthuruthy road, and submitted the report to the Chief Minister in Thiruvananthapuram on Monday.As per the alternative proposal, alignment should go through paddy fields and shoulders of Muvattupuzha Valley Irrigation Project (MVIP) canals. As the alternative proposal requires land acquisition and reclaimation of paddy fields on a large scale for constructing a new road, the chances are still bleak for the project to kick off in the near future.The project that was supposed to be completed by March 2012 have been delayed due to opposition from the locals against digging roads for laying pripelineFor implementing the project, KWA has to construct a twenty four kilometre-long pipeline connecting the pump house at Piravom and the treatment plant in Kundannoor.The KWA officials said that they have almost completed the laying of pipeline in other parts of the city. The pipes connecting the treatment plant and various locations of West Kochi are almost ready. Once implemented, the project will draw water from Muvattupuzha River at Pazhoorkadavu and pump it to the tank in Arakkunnam.The project is expected to be a relief for the people in Maradu, Kumbalam, Kumbalangi, Chellanam, Edakochi, Fort Kochi, Naval Base and Thevara areas who suffer from acute water shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14401402", "title": "Number of diarrhoea cases rises in Gaya dist", "text": "GAYA: With nearly half-a-dozen fresh cases of diarrhoea surfacing from the northern part of Gaya town, the total number of affected persons increased to 42. Altogether six diarrhoea patients were admitted to Pilgrim Hospital on Monday.Confirming fresh diarrhoea cases, Gaya Civil Surgeon Dr Dilip Kumar said that the disease had not spread to new areas and all the patients admitted to the hospital are from the same area in the northern part of the town.According to Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi, adequate preventive measures have been taken and a medical team has been sent to the area. Orders have also been issued for spraying bleaching powder in the area. A district level control room has been set up for monitoring and follow-up action, said the DM.The Civil Surgeon maintained that the disease had been caused by the consumption of contaminated water. The affected area was also full of filth and garbage, said the Civil Surgeon. He has written separate letters to the municipal commissioner and the public health engineering department (PHED) executive engineer to join the diarrhoea prevention drive. The PHED executive engineer has been asked to ensure the availability of safe drinking water in the vulnerable areas.According to the Civil Surgeon, he has also asked the municipal commissioner to launch a sanitation drive as garbage and filth continue to be major health hazards and make the residents vulnerable to diarrhoea and other diseases. Heaps of garbage are also the favourite breeding for mosquitoes as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14400957", "title": "Women soldiers for border drill", "text": "AMRITSAR: Women soldiers of India and Pakistan will soon perform the ceremonial beating retreat held every evening at the Attari-Wagah border of the two countries.Border security forces of the neighbours - India's Border Security Force (BSF) and Pakistan Rangers - agreed to have women platoon commanders for the daily flag-lowering ceremony held simultaneously by the two forces at the Attari-Wagah border.BSF Inspector-General (Frontier) Aditya Mishra told TOI on Monday that Pakistan has also agreed to women platoon commanders for the beating retreat ceremony.The platoon commander seeks the permission of the company commander to conduct the parade and then shakes hands with their Pakistani counterpart at zero line.Initially, Indian women platoon commanders would conduct the drill and Pakistan Rangers followed.After shaking hands, the platoon commander informs the company commander that flag-lowering ceremony was over and again shakes hand with the Pakistani counterpart as a goodwill gesture.Though both sides have decide to have female platoon commanders, they are likely to begin conducting the parade after they develop perfect coordination.Three years ago, for the first time, the BSF posted women at the India-Pakistan border. The women personnel of the BSF guard the force's border outposts and are also posted along the barbed wire fencing at the international border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata/singur", "code": "14401315", "title": "Govt said Singur land bill didn\u2019t need Prez nod: Governor", "text": "KOLKATA/SINGUR: Two days after the high court ruled the state Singur law \"unconstitutional and void\" , the Mamata Banerjee government came in for more embarrassment on Monday with the governor saying he was \"advised\" that the bill did not require the President's approval.Asked why he endorsed the Singur Land Rehabilitation and Development Act, 2011, without sending it to the President, Governor M K Narayanan said: \"I thought we did not require the President's approval. That was also the legal advice. If the high court felt otherwise, it is fine. What can we do?\"The comment has prompted a rethink in the Trinamool camp over ways to return the Singur land to unwilling land-losers . Opening a dialogue with the Tatas is among the options.According to officials in the state secretariat, the Governor sought state advocate general Anindya Mitra's opinion before putting his seal on the draft Bill.It is not known whether the Governor asked for a technical report from the law department . Mitra had shied away from making any comment during the hearing in court when Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose asked him whether he had drafted the Bill.The state advocate general's dilemma has since spread to Trinamool leaders.Quite a few of them are keen to explore an \"alternative route\" when the legal battle seems to have hit a dead end. \"The government will examine the division bench order and decide its course of action. Our leader Mamata Banerjee has already made it clear that the government is committed to returning land to the unwilling farmers . The government is keeping all options open \u2014 legal and otherwise \u2014 to achieve the target,\" commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee said.Taking cue from senior lawyer Samaraditya Pal, who had recently suggested that the government go for an outof-court settlement with the Tatas, Chatterjee said he favoured talks with the Tatas to break the impasse. Earlier in the day, agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya said he \"personally saw no harm in negotiating with the Tatas\" to find a solution to the land tangle in Singur.The call for an out-of-court settlement found resonance among the unwilling land-losers in Singur who still stand by their Didi \u2014 chief minister Mamata Banerjee. Haradhan Das from Beraberi Purbapara, whose one-bigha plot was acquired by the government, has nothing to fall back upon. \"That piece of land was all I had. But I did not accept the cheque. Now, after the high court order, I can't take it any more. Let the government sort out the matter with the Tatas,\" Das said.However, Trinamool MP and senior lawyer Kalyan Bandyopadhyay remains unmoved . \"I do not know who is saying what. The Governor was given correct advice on the Singur law. The state government will move Supreme Court against the high court order. This is all I have to say,\" Bandyopadhyay said.\"It is evident from the Governor's remarks that he was wrongly advised. I would remind you that the Left lawmakers called on the Governor the day the state government promulgated the Singur Ordinance urging him against putting his seal on the Bill. We raised the same point in the House when the Bill was placed. Our views are on record . Today the government stands isolated. Neither the legal fraternity nor the Governor stands by the government ,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14396453", "title": "IPS officer's bail plea deferred till June 27", "text": "AJMER: Special anti-corruption court on Monday deferred the bail plea of probationary IPS officer Ajay Singh.The court will now hear the plea on June 27.It also asked for the original file of the case, which Singh was investigating, to be produced.\"We produced the case diary but honorable court asked for the original file (bearing the number 8/2012) of the case Singh was handling. We will produce the file on the next date of hearing\" said Manish Tripati, ASP of ACB Jaipur division.Official sources said the agency has enough proof against the officer in the corruption case. \"Before setting a trap, we cross-check the allegations and gather information about the person,\" an official source said.While the ACB has not disclosed much to the media on the evidences gathered against Singh, but sources said it had enough material before it 'nailed' Singh.Singh, who had been remanded in judicial custody, is yet to be suspended by the department. \"We have already sent the message and the file has been moved to the department of personnel (DOP), and the suspension is likely,\" the source said.ASI Prem Singh was suspended by the SP of Ajmer a day after the arrest.The IPS officer was arrested on Thursday and was remanded in 14-day judicial custody by the local court. He was then transferred to Jaipur central jail. Singh has been accused of accepting bribe from one Bhawani Singh of Bilara block of Jodhpur while investigating the fraudulent practices of a multi-level marketing firm.Special team of ACB Jaipur arrested ASI Prem Singh red handed when he was accepting the bribe. The ASI had accepted it on behalf of the IPS officer. Singh, who was trying to flee, was caught at Kanota village in Jaipur district.Singh is seeking bail on the grounds that he is suffering from liver infection and needs to go to New Delhi for treatment. Sources said Singh sought transfer to Jaipur jail on health and security grounds.IPS Singh has taken the plea of liver infection for getting food from his house and also a plea to get the bail. \"He said in his statement that he was going to New Delhi for the treatment as he have infection in liver\" said local source. He added that this was also one of the reason for which IPS Singh was transferred to Jaipur central jail.Taking up the lesson from senior officer, ASI Prem Singh is now making plea of heart pain and demanded food from his house. \"His wife went to meet him yesterday in jail and she concerned about his health\" said source. Treatment of Prem Singh has been started in the jail dispensary but jail authority denied commenting anything on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14400701", "title": "Vigilance department seeks more time for inquiry", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The investigation team of the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau probing into the alleged corruption case at the Travancore Titanium Products (TTP) has sought three more months to file the preliminary inquiry report. Chief minister Oommen Chandy and KPCC chief Ramesh Chennithala face allegation in the case.Earlier, the Enquiry Commissioner and Special Judge (Vigilance) in February this year had given an ultimatum to the probe team to submit the report by June 25.But on Monday, the probe team submitted a report before the court asking for more time to complete the inquiry due to non-cooperation on the part of various witnesses in the case. Former minister K K Ramchandran Master, a key witness did not cooperate with the inquiry even after repeated requests. He had stated that he had no faith in the ongoing inquiry.However, he had forwarded a letter to the VACB stating that he would depose before the court if needed. Other witnesses too have responded similarly to the inquiry, the VACB team said in the report.VACB DySP V Ajayakumar, who filed the report, also stated that he wanted more time since he was busy with the investigations of four more cases, ordered by the High Court, simultaneously.The report will be handed over to the Kottayam Vigilance Judge.The case pertains to the implementation of a hazardous waste treatment plant at TTP worth Rs 256, which even exceeded the total worth of the TTP itself, overlooking another feasible project worth Rs 10 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14399895", "title": "238 jobless youths recruited at Lohardaga employment fair", "text": "LOHARDAGA: As many as 238 unemployed youths were selected for jobs by several employers in a day-long fair held on the district collectorate grounds here on Monday. Many of the selected candidates were given appointment joining letters while the others were called to the nearby offices of the concerned employer to complete further procedures like signing of agreements etc. Deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar distributed the appointment letters to some of the successful candidates. New National Security Services, Jamshedpur, recruited two youths as supervisors and most of the employers selected candidates for security and life insurance sectors.Kumar said Lohardaga youths are dedicated and honest and were thus preferred by companies that are based outside the state. \"Thirty-six candidates from the first batch of 50 people trained at Jamshedpur's Indo-Danish Tools Room under Integrated Action Plan ( IAP) have recently been selected by a Ludhiana-based company, he said. He added that small scale jobs are better to kickstart their careers as there are examples of many successful people who started with smaller job and later made it big.District employment officer Sadhu Sharan said the employment fair - held here for the third time - recruited 238 candidates including women. \"This was third such fair organized by our department. Around175 and 313 candidates were recruited in the first and second fairs,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14397304", "title": "Gondia doctors observe one day's token strike", "text": "GONDIA: The Indian Medical Association's Gondia district unit observed one day's token strike on Monday to protest the 'arbitrary attitude of the government, and particularly the clinical establishment act'. The strike was total all over the district.The protest began with a mute morcha of doctors, led by the district president of IMA Gondia Dr Rajendra Jain and its secretary Amit Jaiswal, from its office to the colletorate. A delegation handed over a memorandum to district collector Pradip Kalbhor, protesting the attitude of the government, particularly the clinical establishment act which they said will jeopardize the interest of medical fraternity.Later in the day, the doctors organized a blood donation camp which was inaugurated by the district superintendent of police Dilip Zalke. Doctors donated blood in this camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14399697", "title": "Jharkhand slow in highway progress", "text": "RANCHI: The state government has always blamed the Centre for its non-cooperation in developing national highways, but the ground reality is different.According to a report submitted by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), Jharkhand is at the lowest rung in terms of execution of National Highway Development Projects ( NHDPs).The total length of road in Jharkhand under the NHDP is 1,462 km but the state has been able to complete 260 km which is the lowest in the eastern region. Jharkhand is far behind its neighbouring states - Bihar, West Bengal and Odisha.Sources in the state road construction department said the state had been able to complete only 17% of the projects compared to 51% of West Bengal, 36% of Bihar and 21% of Odisha. \"A state like Odisha, which also has a huge tribal population and forest, has been able to do better compared to Jharkhand. It is not correct for the state to blame the Centre always without taking steps to expedite the projects that have already been sanctioned,\" said a source.A number of important projects like the Ranchi-Rargaon-Mahulia section of NH-33 are pending for the forest clearance for more than 2-3 years but no one is pursuing it seriously. \"Had there been proper coordination between different departments of the state, the officials would have taken it up seriously and got the clearance from the Union forest and environment ministry and the National Board of Wildlife,\" the source added.However, NHAI officials played down the slow execution of projects in the state.Manager (technical) M K Pandey said at present the projects were moving ahead at desired pace. \"We are making good progress in the state. At present of the total 1,800 km of highways in Jharkhand, around 1,400 km including four-lane and six-lane projects is under review for the NHDP. If the work progresses at the current speed, then things will certainly change soon,\" said Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14398981", "title": "Near-complete mall faces legal hurdle in Salt Lake", "text": "KOLKATA: AMP Baisakhi, an under-construction 13-storey mall that has already become a landmark in Salt Lake, has been denied the completion certificate by the Bidhannagar Municipality after allegations were raised that the developers flouted building norms.Situation turned worse for the developers after local residents, led by noted thespian Manoj Mitra, started an agitation against construction of the market-cum-commercial complex. It is only after the protest gathered steam that a team of officials from the state urban development department, led by its secretary Debasish Sen, visited the spot a fortnight ago. Sen has asked his department officials to submit a report on the upcoming mall that is on the verge of completion.\"I have visited the spot and asked for a report,\" Sen told TOI. Bidhannagar Municipality chairman Krishna Chakraborty also conceded that there had been anomalies in the construction of the mall. \"I have come to know about some irregularities - including its height - in the construction of the mall. Local residents have started a stir against the construction. I won't give permission for opening the mall till the irregularities are sorted out and the local residents are taken into confidence,\" Chakraborty said.In 2008, the then Left Front-run municipality had given the developers permission to construct an eight storey mall. Accordingly, the municipality sanctioned a building plan. Former Bidhannagar Municipality chairperson Biswajiban Majumder confirmed that the Left board had given permission for an eight-storey market complex cum commercial building in place of a makeshift market place at AG block. \"I have no knowledge how the developers got a fresh permission to increase the height of the building,\" Majumder said.Sources in the municipality said the state urban development department had transferred a 42 cottah land to the civic body in 2008 for construction of the mall. The municipality then decided to go for construction of a mall at AG block on a joint venture. The civic body invited a tender for the project and finally handed over the project to AMP Universal, a private contractor.Three months ago, local residents complained to the municipality after the mall crossed the 'vertical limits.' But the project faced its first hurdle in June 2008, when cracks developed on surrounding houses after the piling work for the construction of the mall started. The house of Suprakash Acharya, a retired assistant general manager of a Kolkata-based nationalized bank, was the worst affected. He had to shift his pregnant daughter to elsewhere after several cracks developed on his house and the noise pollution started taking a toll on his daughter's ailing health. Cracks also developed at Manoj Mitra's residence.\"I fail to understand how could the municipality grant permission for construction of a 13-storey mall in a residential locality and on a 20-feet wide road. We will face grave problems once the mall opens. Life will become miserable for us,\" Mitra complained.Swarup Dutta, who also stays at AG block, said the mall would create huge traffic problems as there is no provision for parking car in and around the complex. \"More than a lakh people will visit the mall and the market complex. It will create huge traffic problems. Besides, the mall may also affect the security of Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics, which is close by,\" Dutta said.Pradip Poddar, one of the directors of AMP Universal, the JV partner of the commercial project, however, made it clear that no norms were violated while constructing the mall. \"Everything is on record,\" Poddar said on Monday.AMP Baisakhi, a 13 storey mall and the latest landmark in Salt Lake is in trouble. The tallest mall in the satellite township which is nearing completion has been denied completion certificate by the Salt Lake municipality on the grounds of flouting municipality rules a stir started by Salt Lake residents against the construction of the market cum commercial complex. After noted thespian Manoj Mitra, a resident of AG block where the mall is coming up complained against the construction of the 'giant' mall in the locality and on a narrow lane, a team of officials from the state urban development department led by Debasish Sen, the secretary of the department visited the spot a fortnight ago. Sen has asked his department officials to submit a report on the upcoming mall which is on the verge of completion. \"I have visited the spot and called for a report ,\" Sen told TOI. Krishna Chakraborty, the Salt Lake municipality chairman conceded that there had been anomalies in the construction of the mall. \" I have come to know about some irregularities in the construction of the mall including its height. Local residents have also started a stir against the construction. I won't give permission for opening of the mall till the irregularities are sorted out and the local residents are taken into confidence,\" the Salt Lake municipality chairperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396613", "title": "Pratapgarh's police chief, district magistrate suspended", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Monday suspended the district magistrate and superintendent of police of Pratapgarh along with one ADM and a deputy SP for dereliction of duty.The suspensions have come as a serious warning to all the district police and administrative officials who will now have to react promptly to each and every incident that could end up in violence. The difference in the action initiated by the SP government as compared to the erstwhile Bahujan Samaj Party regime is that this time the administrative and police segments of the district administration have been held accountable equally. Earlier, in cases of law and order failure, penal action followed against the police alone.Those suspended include DM VK Bahal, SP OP Sagar, additional DM (Kunda) RP Misra and Deputy SP (Kunda).The suspensions relate to the violence following the rape and murder of a minor dalit from Asthaan village under Nawabganj police station of Pratapgarh on June 20.\"The chief minister had ordered a probe into the incident where gross negligence on the part of the district administration came to light\", said ADG (Law and Order) Jag Mohan Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14399512", "title": "Stop bickering, Nitin Gadkari tells NDA partners", "text": "NEW DELHI: The growing rift and war of words with key NDA ally JD(U) on Monday led BJP president Nitin Gadkari to ask all party functionaries and alliance partners to \"exercise restraint\" while airing views on coalition-related issues.Gadkari's statement has come against the backdrop of comments by BJP secretary Balbir Punj against JD(U) on Monday. Punj had said BJP has not outsourced to anybody to define who is secular and prime ministerial material in the party.\"BJP is of the opinion that notwithstanding the divergence of opinion in NDA on the issue of the Presidential election, NDA has performed a historic role and shall continue to do so in order to navigate the country out of its present problems,\" Gadkari said.He maintained each constituent of NDA \"mutually respects\" the stand taken by other coalition partners.\"I request all the party functionaries and other friends in NDA to exercise restraint while speaking on NDA-related issues,\" Gadkari said.The rift started with the presidential poll when JD(U) batted for a consensus and said it would support UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee while BJP was firm on contesting the poll.The chasm widened when Bihar CM and JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar attacked his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi , saying the NDA Prime Ministerial candidate should have secular credentials and be acceptable to all allies.Amid escalating tensions between the two allies, JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav on Monday discussed the issue with Gadkari and the two agreed to cool down tempers.Yadav and JD(U) were irked by Punj's comment that BJP has not outsourced responsibility of defining who is secular. He took up the matter with Gadkari to \"restrain\" such members in his party when a \"ceasefire\" has been drawn on the issue.\"What was the need for such an untimely and illogical statement by the BJP MP who is also the in-charge of Gujarat for his party affairs? I have talked to BJP President Nitin Gadkari. He should restrain such persons. Such unnecessary talks should not happen,\" Yadav, who is NDA convener, said.The JD(U) president pointed out that his party has already drawn a \"ceasefire\" by asking its members to consult either him or Kumar before speaking out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14398899", "title": "Three threaten driver with knife, make off with cab", "text": "PUNE: Three unidentified persons allegedly threatened a driver of a tourist operator with sharp weapons and then fled with his car near Lohegaon airport during the early hours of Monday. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Vikram Shantaram Dhande (26) of Dattanagar, Katraj, with the Airport police.Speaking to TOI, assistant inspector Pratap Kolte of the Airport police station, said Dhande, a driver with the a cab service provider, had visited the airport on the early hours of Monday to drop a customer.Kolte said after dropping the customer, Dhande was returning to Katraj. When he reached the chowk near the airport, three persons blocked his way and forced him to stop the car. \"When Dhande lowered the windowpane, one of the suspects threatened him with a sharp weapon and asked him to open the door,\" Kolte said.The suspects then got inside the car and asked Dhande to drive it towards Yerawada. \"After sometime, the suspects asked Dhande to stop the car and asked him to shift to the back. Dhande however, opened the door and fled,\" Kolte said.Kolte said Dhande then informed the owner of the company, who in turn informed the police.\"In his complaint Dhande stated the car was worth Rs 10 lakh and there was Rs 18,000 in cash on the dash board,\" he said.\"We have launched a search operation to trace the suspects,\" Kolte said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14403247", "title": "John joins Shah Rukh for Farah's next film", "text": "Now that she has her best buddy SRK on board, Farah Khan seems determined to cast her net wider. The latest being she has signed John Abraham as one of the male leads in her ambitious next Happy New Year that also stars Abhishek Bachchan and Boman Irani.While John remained unavailable for comment, his friend told us, \"Farah wanted someone with a very cool body language for the fourth male lead. She had been toying with the idea of casting John for a long time. The deal was sealed a few days before John flew off to Turkey to shoot for Race 2. \"As for John, \"He is very happy he will be working with Shah Rukh for the first time. And he is excited he will share screen space with Abhishek, with whom he enjoyed great camaraderie during the making of Dostana and has been good friends with ever since,\" said the actor's friend.Shah Rukh for his part is very comfortable with Farah's decision to bring both Abhishek and John on board, revealed an insider. SRK and Abhishek had last worked together in Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna in 2006. Their friendship soured after Abhishek married Aishwarya, whom SRK had dropped from his home production Chalte Chalte in 2002-03. So much so Shah Rukh's name went missing from the guest list at the Abhi-Ash wedding in 2007. It was only at photographer Dabboo Ratnani's calendar launch party in January this year that the duo patched up.Happy New Year is expected to roll by end this year. No leading lady has been finalised yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401388", "title": "20,000 apply for admission to PU colleges", "text": "PATNA: Altogether 20,000 boys and girls have applied for admission to the three-year degree courses in arts, science and commerce in different colleges of Patna University this year. There are approximately 4,000 seats in different streams in PU colleges. The last date for submission of admission forms ended on Monday.While Patna Science College received more than 3,800 applications against 600 seats, 2,400 students applied for 600 seats in Patna College. B N College received more than 3,000 applications against 1,000 seats in arts and science streams. More than 4,000 students applied against about 1,000 seats in arts, science and commerce streams in Magadh Mahila College. Vanijya Mahavidyalaya received over 2,400 applications against 400 seats in commerce stream.Now, all these applicants will have to take the written entrance test to be conducted by the colleges on different dates. The dates of entrance test for the colleges are: Magadh Mahila College (July 2), Patna Women's College (Juy 3), Patna College (July 4), B N College (July 5), Patna Science College (July 6) and Vanijya Mahavidyalaya (July 7). The results of entrance tests are to be published latest by July 16 and all the admissions are to be completed latest by July 31, said PU students' welfare dean Ezaj Ali Arshad.The minimum qualifying marks in the entrance test is 50% for general category candidates and 45% for SC, ST and EBC category students.Every PU college will hold separate entrance test and the questions will be of objective type. There will be 100 questions of equal marks, 40 in general awareness and 60 in the subject concerned. Candidates seeking admission on sports , fine arts and wards' quota would also have to clear the entrance test, said the dean.The last date for submission of forms for admission to MA, MSc and MCom courses of PU also ended on Monday. However, there would be no entrance test for admission to the postgraduation courses this year. Admission will be made strictly on the basis of marks secured in the last qualifying examination. PU is likely to introduce semester system at the postgraduation level this year.There is likely to be rush of admission-seekers to the Directorate of distance education (DDE) of Patna University as the DDE won't hold any entrance test for admission to the three-year degree courses. Admission of students under distance education mode would be made only on the basis of marks secured in Plus 2 (Intermediate) examination.DDE chief Ran Vijay Singh said the admission process in DDE would start in mid-July after the results of entrance tests conducted by different colleges of PU are announced. DDE admits students under arts and commerce streams, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "14395950", "title": "No money for admission drives youth to suicide", "text": "KALYAN: Unable to pay the Rs 400 primary fee for admission to TYBMS, Sagar Thombe committed suicide by jumping in front of a local train near Ambivli railway station late on Sunday. The Kalyan resident was said to be depressed over his family's economic condition. Sagar's father had lost his job four years ago. Sagar's elder brother Sangharsh was bearing the household expenses.Monday was the last day to pay admission fees, so when Sagar's father said he was unable to pay it, the youngster committed suicide. Sagar also has an elder sister and the family lives in Siddarth Nagar in Mohane. Bhaskar Bhoir, a relative, said that Sagar's father lost his job after NRC Co in Ambivli shut down four years back. Sangharsh had to stop pursuing higher studies after completing his HSC, and he started work as a receptionist with a Kalyan hospital.Sangharsh, who works as a receptionist at a hospital, said, \"Sagar wanted to do his MBA and he needed Rs1.5 lakh. I wanted to help him.\"Sagar's friend Nikhil said, \"He secured first class in SYMBS and was second at Birla College in Kalyan. On Sunday, he played football with us, then went to his uncle's home. At night, we heard he had committed suicide.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14400061", "title": "Students in coveted IIT-Bombay departments unhappy lot: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: Happiness does not have anything to do with getting into the most-sought-after courses in IITs. Instead, it may have an inverse relationship.A survey conducted at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay (IIT B) on the happiness quotient of students reveals that the ones in the computer science engineering and electrical engineering departments are not as happy as their counterparts in other departments. Incidentally, these two courses are most preferred by students in the first year at IIT B, almost every year.This year too, IIT B's courses in these two branches were among the highest preferred choices.The survey conducted in the institute also shows that the students on the campus, in general too, are not happy as compared to the average individual's happiness score (4.3). While the average happiness on the campus is found to be 3.43, girls are slightly on the better side, with 3.44, but boys on the campus are lower than average, with a score of 3.34.The survey was conducted using the Oxford Happiness Questionnaire developed by psychologists Michael Argyle and Peter Hills at Oxford University as it is considered as the accurate technique to measure psychological well-being.In the department wise survey, aerospace (3.76), civil (3.67), energy (3.64) departments managed to get a better average than the chemistry (3.40), chemical (3.34), electrical (3.29) and computer science (3.27) departments in the happiness survey. Metallurgical (3.49) and mechanical (3.45) departments take the middle positions. Students in the electrical and computer science departments are the least happy on the campus. The survey also shows that 80% students agree to 'there is a gap between what I would like to do and what I have done' question.Statistics taken of students from each year, revealed that students are happiest in their third year (3.56), though not happier than the average score. The lowest score was achieved by students in the second year (3.21). A student on the campus claimed that 'the pressure factor hits students only after clearing the first year, which could be one reason why they are not happy in their second year'.The survey which was conducted by Akhil Srivatsan for the institute's in-house students' magazine had more than 200 respondents, with at least 10-15 on an average from each department. \"We wanted to conduct this survey at our institute to check the average lifestyle of an individual on the campus. On how the life is going on the campus. The Oxford questionnaire was already available to us, so we picked up specific questions which were also true for students on the campus and conducted the survey,\" said chief editor of the magazine, Saideep Sudi.Some of the questions included how optimistic students feel about their future and how happy they are based on the departments they belong to. \"Though we don't claim that the figures could be exact depiction of the reality, we tried to have quite a representation from each year and from each department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "motihari/patna", "code": "14401544", "title": "Maoists set afire six vehicles in two districts", "text": "MOTIHARI/PATNA: The East Champaran district police were caught napping once again as suspected Maoists attacked three trucks and set them ablaze after pouring petrol on them on New Delhi - Kolkata NH-28 near Dumariaghat under Dumariya police station in the wee hours of Monday during the one-day Tirhut and Saran division bandh call given by them. The Maoists also set afire three vehicles including a bus in Vaishali district.A high alert had been sounded across East Champaran district in view of the bandh call given by the north Bihar Maoists Zonal committee in Tirhut and Saran divisions on Monday to protest alleged atrocity on a woman Maoists in Sitamarhi jail. The trucks were on way to Gopalganj. The police have registered a case against unknown persons. DSP of Chakiya said raids are on to nab the Maoists. The bandh call evoked mixed response in East Champaran district. There was little impact of bandh in western parts of the district.In view of the spurt in criminal and Maoists violence in the district, the SSB has stepped up patrolling along the Bihar-Nepal border and keeping watch on the movement. DSP, Sikrahna, J N Chaudhary said the border area has been put under surveillance. Maoists set ablaze three vehicles including a bus at two different places in Vaishali district late in the wee hours on Monday.Police said Maoists intercepted a bus carrying a 'baraat' party at village Asatpur Satpura on NH-77 under Bhagvanganj police station at around 1.30 am. The bus had come to Bhagwanpur in Vaishali district from Sitamarhi and was returning to Sitamarhi when it was stopped by the Maoists. They asked the 'baraat' party members to get down from the bus and then set the vehicle afire. Police said the Maoists also set ablaze a truck there on the spot.Sadar SDPO Ashok Prasad said the Maoists left three pamphlets on the spot demanding that Sitamarhi jail superintendent should be hanged for his alleged atrocity against a woman Maoist in jail. He said the pamphlets also demanded political prisoner status to the arrested Maoists in jails.The SDPO said the same group while retreating set ablaze a dumper at Parmanandpur under Lalganj police station in the district. He said the dumper was returning after unloading sand from Fakuli when it was intercepted by the Maoists. The SDPO said the district police have launched a massive combing operation to nab the Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14395644", "title": "Dennis Lillee era comes to an end at MRF Pace Foundation", "text": "CHENNAI: Dennis Lillee's long association with the MRF Pace Foundation, which produced some of the best fast bowlers to have played for India over the last two decades, is coming to an end.The legendary Aussie paceman, who joined the foundation in 1987, has decided to call it quits and the promoters are already on the lookout for a replacement. Some of the big names they have zeroed in include Glenn McGrath, Troy Cooley, Alan Donald, Craig McDermott and Kevin Shine.Some of MRF's products who went on to play for India with distinction include Javagal Srinath, Venkatesh Prasad, Zaheer Khan, Irfan Pathan, Sreesanth and Munaf Patel.\"I've survived 25 years here. There weren't too many fast bowlers around and I had the chance to build something out of nothing,\" Lillee said on Monday after a stint with summer camp trainees.Lillee is likely to return twice to conduct camps before winding up. \"I'm 63 now and I don't want to run around. I told the management about my decision about two months back,\" he said.\"When I joined, India had only one great swing bowler in Kapil Dev. There weren't any genuine pacers around. There were no gyms those days, even at the Taj. I had to run on the streets of Chennai. We started building facilities at the MCC and later the gym culture caught on.\"Talking about the changes in bowling techniques that he brought about, Lillee said: \"The actions of pace bowlers were all over the shop. I developed customised actions after discussions with biomechanists, orthopaedic surgeons, physiotherapists and even other cricketers.\"When asked whether he would have liked to work with the BCCI, he said with a sad tone: \"I was disappointed not to have got a chance to work with the BCCI. I like to do things my way and sometimes that frightens people.\"Times ViewIndia has unearthed many young pacers but few have been able to fulfill their promise. So it's surprising that BCCI never saw fit to tap the services of a legendary bowler like Lillee for the national team. It's still not too late to rectify this oversight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398748", "title": "Indira Gandhi International Airport to use 3 runways together", "text": "NEW DELHI: In three months, circling over Delhi Airport due to congestion could become history as its three runways will be used simultaneously for almost the entire day. This move will take up runway movement from around 55-60 per hour to almost 80.During trials that are on at present, the airport has successfully handled 75-80 flights per hour.\"The trials are on till Friday after which operating procedures will be finalized. Simultaneous operations are on only during a few crucial peak hours in the morning and we will continue like that till we are able to get extra people,\" said a senior airport official.Sources said that when fully implemented by October, simultaneous operations would be carried out for most part of the day, except for a few lean hours. At night its usage would depend upon requirement since domestic operations completely cease for a few hours post midnight.\"Having three runways operate simultaneously through the day would require an additional post for radar control and tower control. For this we have projected a requirement of 8-10 extra ATC officials who should join us in another three months.\"Till then we will have to restrict simultaneous operation to only morning hours when we rope in general duty officials to man these posts,\" said sources.The move has most benefitted low cost carriers and cargo operations as they are located close to the secondary runway 09/27. \"These are now benefitting from two runways, both of which are located close to them. They are facing absolutely no congestion related delays now. Some work will have to be put in to resolve congestion on the new runway 11/29 as it is still handling both arrivals and departures. We may shift some of its arrivals to the secondary runway and departures to the main runway 10/28,\" said an airport official.The decision to use all three runways simultaneously was taken since the main runway was facing massive congestion during peak hours.\"Since most airlines prefer using the main runway which is also convenient for low cost carriers, cargo, defence and general aviation, it handles a major portion of traffic during peak hours. Traffic peaks at the airport about five times a day, each time for about a couple of hours. Under the new system, the load from the main runway will be divided,\" said airline sources.\"The main runway handles only departures while the secondary runway takes care of the arrivals. The new runway handles both operations, mostly for those flights that originate from terminal 3,\" the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395276", "title": "Doctors refuse to budge on pay parity demand", "text": "BHOPAL: MP Medical Officer Association (MPMOA) have stuck to their demand for pay parity with other services even as the government has put forward proposals to mollify government doctors from tendering their resignation en masse on Doctors day on July 1.After a meeting with senior health officials on Monday, MPMOA president Dr Lalit Shrivastava said bureaucrats are indifferent to the problems of doctors, who have been striving for the cause for the past four years.Doctors are demanding better perks, timely promotions and compensatory orders to neutralise recovery of about Rs 11 crore from them. The recovery orders were passed after the department of finance objected to 4-tier selection grade from retrospective effect. MPMOA claims support of some 4,500 government doctors from all over the state. MPMOA demands include a single cadre for medical officers and specialists. The government, however, refuses to club two cadres.Sources said a proposal to be put forth before the cabinet suggested increase of around Rs 1,000 as grade pay for government doctors, while the doctors demand Rs 5,000. \"The proposal ridicules our profession. We want pay parity with other services not pity, Dr Shrivastava said.When contacted, Health commissioner Manohar Agnani said he was optimistic of finding a solution before the July 1 deadline. \"Discussions have been on-going and things would be resolved\".However, public health and family welfare principal secretary Praveer Krishna expressed ignorance about the doctors' threat to resign en masse saying \"I am not aware\".Timeline:2008 - Endorsement of 4-tier selection grade for govt doctors2009 - State cabinet approves 4-tier selection grade benefits with effect from 2008, calculating increment and seniority from date of joining to maintain seniority2011 - MP dept of finance raises objection on 4-tier selection grade benefits with retrospective benefits. Doctors say to maintain seniority calculating increment from date of joining was essential whereas benefit given were from 2008 onwards.2011 - June - After department of finance objection, treasury starts recovering arrears from pensioners and those who sought voluntary retirement.2012 - May-June government orders recovery of arrears. Serves notices to doctors for recovery 'extra benefits' given to them as per 2009 order. Estimates about Rs 11 crore arrears for recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396430", "title": "Nationwide doctors' stir hits medical services in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Medical services in private hospitals across Rajasthan were affected today as doctors, affiliated to the Indian Medical Association, joined the nationwide strike against proposed amendments to Acts related to clinical establishment and private practice.\"Around 5000 private hospitals and nursing homes were closed following the day-long strike. However, emergency services were not affected,\" said Dr S S Agrawal, honorary secretary of IMA's state unit.\"An appeal was also made to diagnostic centres and clinics not to function today,\" he said.The Central government is trying to amend certain Acts related to clinical establishment and private practice and this is likely to adversely affect the profession, Agrawal said.The government doctors also extended support to the IMA by wearing black bands around their arms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14397443", "title": "Air India to fly Kochi-Madurai soon", "text": "MADURAI: The recent announcement promising flight services between Madurai and Kochi has cheered travel operators in the region who feel that it will boost both tourism as well as the labour population moving to the Middle-Eastern countries. K Sangiah Pandian, airport director, Madurai, said the operations will commence from July 1 and they had received the flight schedule. \"Alliance Air of Air India will operate an ATR aircraft with a capacity of 72 passengers between the two destinations. The proposed flight AI 9503 will depart from Kochi at 3:30pm and reach Madurai at 4:35pm. In the return direction, the same aircraft will leave as AI 9504 and reach Kochi at 5:20pm,\" he said.Travel operators claimed that the route will open up international connectivity especially to the Gulf countries. Travel Club in Madurai has estimated that 20-30% of international passengers using Chennai airport, 30-40% using Trichy airport and 20-25% using Trivandrum airport are from Madurai and southern Tamil Nadu. About 500 passengers from this region travel to Chennai by bus or train to board international flights daily.G Vasudevan, past president, Travel Club, Madurai, and Director, Fortune Pandian Hotel, said they have estimated a huge potential in the southern districts for Gulf destinations. \"We have estimated 50 passengers per day to Muscat and another 70 passengers per day to Sharjah and Dubai from the southern districts. At present, they depend on Chennai and Trichy, but Kochi will be more convenient with good connectivity to the Gulf countries,\" he said.BSG Musthafa, president, Travel Club, said connecting Kochi with Madurai will indeed increase the number of foreign tourists to Madurai. \"October to January is found to be the season where a large number of foreign tourists visit India, and Kerala and Madurai are their favourite destinations. Connectivity between these destinations will greatly help foreign tourists,\" he said. However, he speculated that the smaller air-craft will be a constraint for people looking for Kochi to connect to Gulf countries. \"We need bigger air-craft to accommodate the luggage of labourers travelling to Gulf destinations,\" he said.Besides, Travel Club has also decided to urge the Central government to provide immigration facilities at Maduai Airport to help transit passengers. \"We are promised that Mihin Lanka will operate flights from Madurai and immigration facilities have to be opened up once they file their flight schedule. As soon as they file the schedule, we will take it up with the government,\" Vasudevan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14396447", "title": "Bishnoi's second bail plea rejected", "text": "JODHPUR: The second bail application of Paras Ram Bishnoi, one of the 17 accused in Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case, was rejected by a court here on Monday.Bishnoi's earlier plea too was turned down in the same court.Bishnoi had moved a bail application in the ACJM (SC/ST Cases) court on June 8. The magistrate after the hearing the arguments had kept the decision reserved for June 25.\"The court rejected his bail application following our arguments that in view of the progress in the case nothing has changed with regard to Bishnoi's role in the conspiracy,\" said Ashok Joshi, senior special counsel for CBI. He said that given the nature of the crime and with the limitation of reviewing its own decision by the court, the bail application deserved to be rejected.\"They should have rather gone to the high court with the fresh bail application after the same court had rejected their bail application on May 15,\" he said.Joshi said after the Jakhar escape episode, it has become easier for the CBI to convince the court to its objection to granting bail to any of the accused in the case. \"The granting of bail to any one of them will affect the case with the trial under progress,\" he added.Dinesh Bishnoi, another accused in the case, has moved an application in the high court after the AJCM (SC/ST cases) rejected it.Likewise, the bail pleas of Reshma Ram, Paras Ram Bishnoi, and the interim bail pleas of Mahipal Maderna and Shahabuddin were rejected by the court.It may be recalled that one of the accused, Dinesh Bishnoi has already moved a bail application in the high court, which is due for hearing when the high court open after the summer vacation. His bail has also been rejected earlier by the ACJM (SC/ST Cases) court, after which he moved to the high court. Likewise, the bail of Reshma Ram has also been rejected besides Paras Ram Bishnoi and interim bails of Mahipal Maderna and Shahabuddin.Joshi said that after the Jakhar escape episode, it has become easy for us to convince the court that why we are objecting to the bails of any of these accused. \"The bail acceptance of any of these accused will affect the case with the trial under progress\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401177", "title": "Make secretariat paperless, says Sena", "text": "MUMBAI: Opposition Shiv Sena on Monday made a plea for a transparent and paperless Mantralaya after a fire ravaged the government's seat of power last Thursday .In an editorial on its mouthpiece Saamna , Sena said mere cosmetic changes will not do. \"The question is if the partitions , the wooden furniture and heaps of file will vanish , giving way to a better streamlined administrative office ,\" thee ditorial said .Pointing out that excess wooden furniture and files had exacerbated the fire , Saamna said Mantralaya should shed its excess kilos and become trim and slim .\"Makeover of the entire building is not enough . The administration should also be given a new orientation . The government offices which are located in Mantralaya should function in a transparent manner ,\" the editorial said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398109", "title": "This Goan bride looks for a Gujarati groom", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 48-year-old woman from Goa will come down to the city for a swayamvar to be held on July 5. The woman, who works as a nurse in a Goa hospital, has requested that the first preference should be given to a Gujarati man to be her bridegroom as she believes Gujarati men are more peace loving, non-alcoholic and stay away from consuming meat!Chandrakala has applied for a swayamvar to be held for her in Ahmedabad, where men from all over the country are invited. But the bride herself wishes that her groom should be a Gujarati. \"I was born and brought up in Karnataka while I work in Goa. In both places, most men are alcoholics and non-vegetarians. I would prefer to have a Gujarati partner since Gujaratis are believed to be teetotalers and peace loving men,\" says Chandrakala.Chandrakala says that her impression of Gujarati men is also that they are more respectable towards women. \"I would give first preference to a Gujarati man. Unlike in other states, the menace of dowry is also limited. In my state, men ask for huge dowry which I can ill-afford as I come from a poor background,\" she said.Natubhai Patel of Vina Mulya Amulya Sewa (VMAS) said that the swayamvar of Chandrakala will be held in Neelkanth Mahadev Temple where men in the age group of 50-65 years and having a monthly income of Rs 15,000 would be invited.\"Against 3,000 men registered with us, there are only 300-odd women in the senior age group. It is a good thing that women from other states are showing faith in men of our state,\" said Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14395983", "title": "\u2018120-year-old\u2019 woman seeks government pension", "text": "COIMBATORE: A woman claiming to be 120 years old walked to the collectariate here on Monday seeking her old age pension. She said that despite many promises, she had never received her old age pension.R Somakkal, a resident of Kalikal Naickenpalayam in Thondamuthur said that she had given birth to 10 children, five sons and five daughters. She said that she had 50 grand children. She said that she had voted in all elections though she could not recollect when she had started voting. Her daughter, who accompanied said that her eldest son was 85 years old.\"During every election, candidates promise to help me receive my old age pension. But I have never received it,\" she said. Her daughter Amaravathy, who was accompanying her, said that her expenses were high as she could not eat regular food.However, their ration card showed her to be 90-year-old. But Amaravathy said that this was a mistake. This mistake, she said, was one of the hurdles in receiving old age pension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396836", "title": "Accident victim\u2019s family gets Rs 8 lakh compensation", "text": "CHENNAI: Five dependent family members of a man who died in a road accident will get a compensation of Rs 8 lakh. S Meenakshisundaram, chief judge, small causes court, directed the man who caused the accident, G Radhakrishnan, and United India Insurance Company to pay the amount with an interest of 7.5% per annum from the date the petition was filed on December 17, 2007.The incident occurred on August 10, 2007 when 28-year-old A Mohammed Ismail, the proprietor of a footwear store, was trying to cross the road, from a spot opposite Rathna Stores on Sir Thyagaraya Road in Pondy Bazaar. A speeding motorcycle driven by Radhakrishnan collided with Ismail who suffered head injuries. He died six days later, on August 16, while undergoing treatment.The petition was filed on behalf of Ismail's wife Yasmin Beevi, their son M Yasirajan, and Ismail's parents Rasulla Beevi and A M Ramzan Ali. The opposite parties, Radhakrishnan, was the owner of the motor cycle involved in the accident, while the vehicle was insured by United India Insurance Company.While passing orders, the judge observed, \"Had the rider of the motorcycle driven the vehicle in a careful manner and exercised a certain amount of care and caution, he would not have dashed the pedestrian.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401521", "title": "Lawyers' death, retiral benefits increased", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government has raised the amount of death benefit to the kin of advocates from Rs 3.65 lakh to Rs 7 lakh. It has also raised the retiral benefits from Rs 2 lakh to Rs 4.5 lakh, to be effective from June 15, 2012.Chairman, Bihar State Bar Council, Baleshwar Sharma said, \"A lawyer dying within five years of practice would get a minimum amount of Rs 2.60 lakh though he will not get any retiral benefit. Similarly, the amount of death benefit has been enhanced to Rs 3 lakh for lawyers doing practice for 10 years, Rs 4 lakh for those practising for 20 years, Rs 5 lakh for 30 years, Rs 6 lakh for 40 years and Rs 7 lakh for 50 years.\"The slab of retiral benefits has been fixed at Rs 11,000 for six years practice, Rs 15,000 for 10 years, Rs 55,000 for 20 years, Rs 2 lakh for 30 years, Rs 3 lakh for 40 years and Rs 4.5 lakh for 50 years of practice. The retiral benefits are also available to advocates becoming physically disabled or being incapable of practising in court, Sharma said, adding if an advocate is killed while discharging his professional duty, an ex-gratia payment of Rs 5 lakh will also be made to his family in addition to the slab amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398350", "title": "Police will have seven days to send passport verification report: MEA", "text": "NEW DELHI: External affairs minister S M Krishna announced on Monday that a proposal to set up 40 new passport offices all over the country will be tabled in a cabinet meeting on Friday. These offices will come up in areas that have a monthly demand of 20,000-25,000 passports.When people at the PSK shared their tales of woes with the minister when visited the PSK at ITO, he said there were \"teething troubles\" as the system was still new and officials were gradually getting used to it. \"There are hiccups since the online procedure is new. Eventually, these problems will be sorted out,\" Krishna said.As an immediate measure to tackle the problem of online appointments, the ministry has decided to dedicate one passport office in each city to handle walk-in appointments. \"In Delhi, the regional passport office at Bhikaji Cama Place will offer both normal and Tatkaal services to 200 applicants daily; in Bangalore, it will be the RPO at Koramangala,\" said Raghavendra Shastry, adviser to the minister.The ministry has also roped in the postal department to weed out touts and middlemen. \"Our focus is to simplify the system and make it citizen-friendly. It is very important to eliminate intermediaries as they complicate the system. We have asked 350 post offices to help applicants with no access to the internet fill up and submit forms. They will employ ex-servicemen for this, who will charge a nominal fee of Rs 100 per application,\" said Krishna.Senior MEA officials, who accompanied the minister, said police verification of applicants has emerged as a grey area. \"We are, therefore, starting a pilot project in Karnataka where all police stations will be linked to the passport seva project. The moment a granting officer processes one application, a copy will be wired to the respective police station. From that point, cops will have seven working days to verify and send back their report. So far, cops have been found to delay the verification process on some pretext or the other. The system will now track their response timings, too,\" said Shastry.The minister will write to chief ministers of all states on Tuesday to strictly implement the new rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397103", "title": "Sowing costs up for cotton, soyabean farmers", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as rains play truant, inflation too is hurting farmers of the region. Cost of cultivation has seen an unprecedented rise this Kharif season as compared to the previous one. Prices of inputs have flared due to factors ranging from a shift in government subsidy policy to the rising dollar.In the normal course costs rise by 10-15%, which is absorbed by increasing market rates for the produce. However, quick calculations based on data provided by seeds and fertilizer dealers show the input cost for a cotton grower is 150% of the cost per acre last year.As against Rs 7,700, including expenses like fertilizers, seeds and labour charges, a peasant will have to shell out Rs 12,300 this year. Per acre cultivation cost of soybean has gone up by almost 100% at over Rs 6,000 from Rs 3,200 last Kharif season.What may hit agriculturists hard is that many may have to go for a second round of sowing due to the current dry spell after a few rounds of showers in the second-third week of June. With rains being uncertain, resowing is not a new phenomenon, but the higher input cost this time is expected to disrupt calculations, say farm activists and dealers.According to rough estimates, an acre of farm yields 2 to 6 quintals of cotton and 6 to 10 quintals of soyabean. Last year, cotton fetched Rs 4,500 a quintal at the maximum. So, with the current input costs of Rs 12,300 a farmer yielding just a couple of quintals will be left with a loss. There are many in this category.Soyabean would be still profitable, with even a minimal yield of 6 quintals getting a surplus of Rs 7,600 considering last year's market rates and current input cost. This is the reason many farmers are shifting to soyabean.However, this will be under ideal conditions, not considering the cost of repeat sowing and interest on farm loans taken each season, say sources.Sharad Chandak, secretary of Nagpur Agro Dealers Association, says that fertilizer rates have taken a substantial jump due to change in government policy. Now only a fixed amount is provided as subsidy. This leaves scope for the final sale prices to rise due to market volatility. Pesticide rates have also increased due to the dollar getting dearer, since most of the inputs in making the product are imported. Labour charges have gone up too, he said.Munna Bolanwar, a cotton grower from Yavatmal district, says there are chances that the input cost would double for many due to the likelihood of a second round of sowing.Farm activist Kishore Tiwari, says minimum support price of Rs 6,000 should be fixed for cotton and Rs 4,000 for soyabean, the second most important crop of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14400613", "title": "Device to \u2018hack\u2019 into Hawking\u2019s brain to help him communicate", "text": "LONDON: Scientists are working with Stephen Hawking to test a groundbreaking device to allow them to 'hack' into the brain of the world-famous British physicist, who has been unable to speak for the last 30 years.70-year-old Hawking has been working with scientists at Standford University of the US who are developing iBrain \u2014 a tool which picks up brain waves and communicates them via a computer, the Daily Mail reported.Hawking has been unable to speak for the last 30 years due to the motor neurone disease which is ravaging his body and weakening his muscles . He currently uses a computer to communicate with a robot-like voice, but is losing the ability as his condition is worsening by the day. ' Hawking was fitted with a black headband which has a series of neurotransmitters inside it and was told to think about scrunching his right hand into a ball. He was able to create a pattern which the researchers hope they can one day convert into letters, words and sentences, the report said. The iBrain has been developed by Philip Low, a professor at the university.It is about the size of a matchbox and is very light so does not weigh down Hawking's head. Professor Low said he hopes that it will be able to monitor him in real time, regardless of what he is doing.\"We'd like to find a way to bypass his body, pretty much hack his brain. This is very exciting for us because it allows us to have a window into the brain,\" Low said. \"We're building technology that will allow humanity to have access to the human brain for the first time. The emergence of such biomarkers opens the possibility to link intended movements to a library of words and convert them into speech, thus providing motor neurone sufferers with communication tools more dependent on the brain than on the body,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398611", "title": "Aarushi case: CBI agrees to provide photos", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Monday responded to the demands raised by the Talwars' lawyers in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder trial. It told the court that the tape used by witness Chunni Lal to transfer chance prints from the crime spot had become redundant once the prints were transferred to paper. The Talwars' team had asked for this tape in the last hearing.CBI also pointed out that, instead of cross-examining CFSL's fingerprint expert AD Saha, the defence team had been questioning Lal, whose job was to merely lift prints. It said copies of the developed fingerprints were part of the judicial record marked as document-3, and the accused could cross-examine the prosecution witness, Lal, from this document. Seeking to dismiss the Talwars' application for the production of the original record \u2014 including the tape \u2014 of Aarushi's fingerprint, CBI said copies of developed prints were available on CD.The Talwars had also sought 230 photographs of the crime scene and permission to confront Chunni Lal, claiming his statements to Noida police and CBI were contradictory, and he was submitting new facts in the court. CBI did not object to the request for photographs. A CBI counsel said police should have supplied the prints long back to the defence. He also said Lal's statements recorded under section 161 of CrPc before the IO and also before the trial court will be exhibited. The court is likely to pass an order on the Talwars' request on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14397031", "title": "Novak Djokovic enjoys the pace at Wimbledon", "text": "LONDON: Defending champion Novak Djokovic blitzed former world no.1 Spain's Juan Carlos Ferrero 6-3, 6-3, 6-1 in the first round of the Wimbledon tennis championships on Monday.After completing his clinical win, the Serb who walked onto centre court with a wide grin on his face, spoke about the experience of beginning his title defence.\"It's a unique feeling, it is the first time I have experienced that in my career. I think this is the only tournament that actually allows you to have information twelve months in advance when you're playing. It is great for a change. In tennis we don't really have that many cases that we know when exactly we are playing. It is usually second or third after 11 or something like that.\"Djokovic, who struggled a bit with movement at the start of the 98-minute encounter, added, \"The grass was untouched. It was great. It was smooth and soft and great to play on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14399829", "title": "Chandy jumpstarts pending rail projects", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Giving a boost to the development of rail-related infrastructure in the district, chief minister Oommen Chandy on Monday formed a five-member committee to come up with estimates and project reports for the developmental works within a month.Chandy said the state government would initiate follow-up action after it receives the report of the committee headed by Roads and Bridges Development Corporation managing director Muhammed Haneesh.The decision was taken at the meeting of ministers, people's representatives, top railway and other government officials convened by the chief minister in the state capital. The meeting was convened to discuss the railway-related development issues raised by Kozhikode MP M K Raghavan in a letter to Chandy recently.The projects that were discussed include setting up of a flyover or underpass at the Elathur railway gate at an estimated expenditure of Rs 1.5 crore. The increase in the movement of fuel tank wagons to the fuel depot of Hindustan Petroleum at Elathur has resulted in closure of the Elathur railway gate for long hours.The project for providing direct road connectivity to platform No 4 of the Kozhikode Railway Station was also taken up. It would help reduce the traffic congestion at the main entrance on the side of Platform 1 as southbound passengers can reach platform directly via the Francis Road.The committee will also prepare the estimates for construction of a railway overbridge at PT Usha Road, which has been promised in the railway budget of 2012-13, and ROB at Panniyankara. The setting up of a railway gate on the Pavangad- Puthiyappa Road at an estimated cost of Rs 2.3 crore is also among the list of projects that were considered.M K Raghavan MP said that the long pending projects have been put back on track following the favourable response from the chief minister and the railways.\"The CM has promised that the government would take steps to expedite the projects on the basis of the report of the committee. The setting up of the committee is the first step for the realization of the vital projects,\" he said.Minister for railways, Aryadan Mohammed, revenue minister Adoor Prakash, MLAs AK Saseendran, Elamaram Kareem, A Pradeep Kumar, district collector, K V Mohan Kumar, mayor AK Premajam, railways chief administrative officer Danny Thomas , and divisional railway manager, Palakkad division, Piyush Aggarwal attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14399104", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation messed up on garbage management: Study", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) does not follow the mandated procedure for handling and managing garbage, a study conducted by an NGO says. And, in the absence of a perspective, the PMC is unlikely to be resilient enough to deal with the entire garbage generated in the city, it adds.The study also states that there are inherent defects in the site selection and design of the Hanjer plant at Uruli Devachi and in its preparation of organic manure. It is a continuing health hazard not only to the local residents but also to those who consume crops cultivated with Hanjer organic manure.The PMC, however, has objected to the conclusions of the study.Maj. Gen. (retd.) SCN Jatar, president of the city-based NGO Nagrik Chetana Manch, said: \"A team comprising Shrikant Patil, Malati Gadgil and myself visited the plant of Hanjer Biotech Energies Private Ltd. on January 25, 2012. The visit followed a spate of complaints from Phursungi-Uruli residents and breakdowns at the plant resulting in accumulation of garbage in the city. Our preliminary study, carried out over the past three months, reveals some inherent problems with the site and design of the plant, exacerbated by the absence of systematic management and handling of municipal solid waste.\"The study report, a copy of which is with TOI, states that the stench from the Hanjer plant and the landfill site pervades the air at neighbouring villages and leachate from the landfill contaminates ground water. \"These are major public nuisances. A sample test of the manure manufactured by the Hanjer plant showed presence of mercury above the acceptable level, which is harmful to plants. It is unlikely that these problems will ever be solved unless the PMC takes up drastic course corrections,\" states the report.Causes for concernThe report states that the location of the plant is inappropriate because the windrow (where the wet garbage is kept for about 45 days for drying and for culturing) is in the direction of the west-east winds, which covers the Phursungi village. If there was no choice regarding the site, the planners could have changed the location of the windrow after working out its feasibility. In the prevailing circumstances, the villagers would always face the problem of stink. To resolve this issue, either the processes at the plant should be altered or the village should be shifted. Misleading citizens by giving the timelines for overcoming the problem is not a solution.\"As the Hanjer plant is capable of processing mixed garbage, the PMC neither has any compulsion nor has provided any incentive to ensure garbage segregation at source, which is mandatory as per the rules and regulations. The capacity of the plant would increase 25 to 35% if it gets only wet garbage. While the PMC insists that the garbage is being segregated, it has failed to provide us with a list of organisations engaged in doorstep collection of municipal solid waste. This strengthens our impression that the civic body is not adhering to the regulations regarding segregation of garbage at source. It does not have a record of the quantity of garbage used for generating gas or garbage collected from restaurants, hotels, etc. The PMC is not covering all such units even now due to shortage of vehicles,\" states the report.\"Tests of a sample of Sampada bio-organic manure at a laboratory showed that the mercury content at 4.8mg/kg while the limit set in the Schedule 4 of the MSW (Handling and Management) Rules 2000 is 0.15mg/kg - an excess of 32 times. Mercury is a neurotoxin metal, which could result in 'limited' to 'no' plant growth and cause significant health defects if ingested or inhaled,\" observes the report.Jatar told TOI: \"The landfill site is very old. During rains, it releases leachate, which contaminates ground water used for drinking and irrigation. According to the MSW (Handling &amp; Management) Rules 2000, the ground water quality within 50 metres of the periphery of landfill sites is to be periodically monitored to ensure that the ground water is not contaminated beyond the acceptable limit decided by the ground water board or the state board. This has never been done.\"PMC's explanation\"The PMC is working as per the plan prepared to tackle garbage management. We have taken the residents of Urali Devachi into confidence while implementing the plan,\" said PMC's zonal commissioner Suresh Jagtap.\"The PMC has started a process to ensure that the leachate does not percolate and mix with ground water. It will be processed and the tender for the same is before the civic standing committee. Besides, the leachate problem is only during the monsoon,\" he said.\"Also, we have completed 50-55 per cent of capping at the dumping site and once the capping is completed the odour and other issues raised by the NGO would be addressed,\" he added.Jagtap admitted that the PMC has not enough manpower to segregate garbage. \"Of the total 1,400-1,500 tonne garbage collected in the city daily, only around 250 tonnes is mixed garbage. We have a system in place where door-to-door garbage collectors reach over three lakh properties in the city to collect segregated garbage. We have system to segregate hotel garbage, garden and market garbage,\" he said.Jagtap added that about 1,000 tonne garbage is processed at the Hanjer and the rest is processed by the PMC at the biogas, mechanical-compost and vermi-compost units in the city. He also said that the PMC would take samples of the manure produced by Hanjer to the agriculture university lab to check the mercury levels in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396846", "title": "Maharashtra CID also inquiring into Ganesh Mate murder", "text": "NAGPUR: The senior officials of the state criminal investigation department (CID) have also started inquiring into the murder case of NCP leader Ganesh Mate whose body was found on the railway tracks last week.Three persons, including political activist and security agency owner Mickey Bakshi and two of his accomplices, have already been arrested for their alleged role in murder which is likely to have taken place over property deal dispute. Sadar police station in-charge inspector Rajratna Bansod is investigating the case. Police are learnt to be gearing up to conduct house searches of the three accused.Police sources also claimed that call detail records of the trio are being procured to find out their locations and pattern of conversation on the day of the murder. Police plan to verify the claims of the trio as far as their locations and communications with each other are concerned. The trio has pleaded innocence before the police trying to project death of Mate as a case of suicide. Bakshi and Mate had a dispute over a property worth around Rs 36 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "this is a first for the bhojpuri film industry. after roping in a-listers from bollywood, a bhojpuri film will feature a hollywood actor. warwick davis , known for playing the title characters in \"willow\" and the \"leprechaun\" film series, apart from the \"star wars episode vi", "code": "14404595", "title": "Warwick Davis in a Bhojpuri film", "text": "This is a first for the Bhojpuri film industry. After roping in A-listers from Bollywood, a Bhojpuri film will feature a Hollywood actor. Warwick Davis , known for playing the title characters in \"Willow\" and the \"Leprechaun\" film series, apart from the \"Star Wars Episode VI: Return Of The Jedi\" and the \" Harry Potter \" films, will make an appearance in \"Chingari\".\"Chingari \" is a remake of the Hindi film \"In saaf\" , which starred Dino Morea and Namrata Shirodkar, and was based on the famous Champa Biswas and Babloo Yadav case of Bihar. The story is about an IAS officer's wife who is allegedly raped by a politician's son.According to Shrey Srivastava, who directed \"Insaaf\" and is the creative producer of the Bhojpuri remake, \"Stories like that of Champa Biswas still hold relevance in the region, since law and order is still an issue there. The original film had done good business in Bihar and Eastern UP, and that prompted me to remake it in Bhojpuri.\" He adds, \"In the film, Warwick, who plays a cameo, comes to investigate this case as journalist.\"But how did he rope in the actor? \"I had met Warwick a couple of times and he had expressed his desire to work in India. When I told him about this role, he readily accepted it, even though I expressed my inability to pay his fee. The actor was scheduled to come to India at the end of this month to shoot for a travel show on TV and agreed to spare a few days for our film. The British actor will join us in the second leg of the shoot which would begin in a few days in Gujarat,\" informs Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14399662", "title": "Rating companies reaffirm faith in Manappuram", "text": "KOCHI: Credit rating agencies Crisil and Brickwork Ratings have removed Manappuram Finance Ltd (MFL) from their \"rating watch with developing implications\", indicating a degree of safety regarding the company's ability to fulfil its debt obligations.Crisil has reaffirmed its 'CRISIL A1+' rating for various debt programs of Manappuram, while Brickwork has reaffirmed the rating of BWR AA- for the Rs 750-crore issue of Manappuram and removed the ratings from its ratings watch.Both rating agencies had placed Manappuram on ratings watch after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) issued a directive on February 6 saying that the company had collected deposits from the public in the name of Manappuram Agro Farms (Magro), a sole proprietorship, in violation of the terms and conditions of its registration as a non-deposit taking NBFC.\"The rating reaffirmation takes cognizance of the measures taken by MFL to address the observations made by the RBI,\" said Brickwork in a release on Monday. The company had roughly Rs 148 crore in public deposits as of February 6, and has been returning the amount to its depositors in a phased manner. Following the RBI action, Jagdish Capoor, former deputy governor of RBI, was appointed as non-executive chairman of MFL. The company's board constituted a committee of independent directors to conduct detailed compliance, internal control and risk management, corporate governance and any conflict of interest involving the company or its management.V P Nandakumar has provisioned for Rs 141.56 crore through the sale of 4.75% of his holding in Manappuram and made repayments of Rs 33.88 crore. He has also deposited Rs 119.18 crore in an escrow account maintained with a public sector bank.Established in 1992, Thrissur-based Manappuram Finance (formely, Manappuram General Finance and Leasing Ltd), is a non-deposit taking NBFC and is mainly engaged in providing retail advances against bullion asset collaterals, in the form of household used jewellery.MFL had 2,908 branches across India at the end of FY12. The company has a strong presence in South India, with 73% of its total branches in the states of Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. This has led to geographic concentration with maximum exposure to southern states, significant dependence on loans from banks, regulatory risks and volatility in the price of gold.MFL's assets under management (AUM) increased to Rs 11,630 crore in fiscal 2012 from Rs 7,549 crore in the previous fiscal. Total loan disbursement increased 76% in 2012, and interest income increased 124% to Rs 2,616 crore in 2012 from Rs 1,165 crore in 2011. Net profit as of March 2012 stood at Rs 591 crore as against Rs 283 crore a year earlier, an increase of around 109%.MFL had a capital adequacy ratio of 23.26% and Tier I capital ratio of 20.53% as on March 31, 2012. Interest spread stood at 14.02% in fiscal 2012 as compared to 16.39% in 2011.However, gross NPAs increased to Rs 64.65 crore in fiscal 2012 from Rs 23.46 crore in 2011. Gross NPAs as a percentage to total advances increased to 0.67% from 0.37% and net NPA increased to 0.37% from 0.12%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14399601", "title": "Book banks for SC/ST students remain a non-starter", "text": "VARANASI: The book bank scheme announced by the social welfare department is running behind two academic sessions as books are still not available for the students belonging to schedule castes (SC) and schedule tribes (ST) who are pursuing higher education in the field of medical, engineering, law, veterinary, polytechnic and management in the district.Although new academic session is about to start, the books which were to be provided to SC/ST students through book banks in their respective colleges in the last session itself, have not reached their beneficiaries.According to Kanchan, who completed her master degree in management from a private college of the city in 2012, she got no benefit from the scheme because of constant delay in providing books at her college. \"The scheme was not helpful at all. College had book bank but the latest edition of books were missing from the stock because of the delay. Therefore we have always used the main library of the institution\", she informed.According to librarian of an engineering college in the outskirts of the city, who wished not to be named, college provided the list of SC/ST students and the names of books but the book bank of the college is waiting for the arrival of the books.\"So far the book bank has books which were provided by the social welfare department in 2007-2008 academic session,\" he informed.In order to provide an incentive to the SC and ST students to pursue higher education, central government has started the book bank scheme. The aim of establishing such book banks is to provide effective tools to those ST/SC students, who cannot afford expensive educational books while pursuing higher education.These book banks established in the libraries of educational institutions are to be used exclusively by students as mentioned under the scheme and be able to complete with assistance from the state government in the form of scholarships or stipends.However, the life span of one set of books has been fixed as three years to ensure that book bank beneficiaries have access to the latest editions of the books.At the end of 3 years these books may be kept in the library of the concerned institution for other students however new set books are again provided as per the demand of the students at the end of three years.Interestingly, the social welfare department failed to use the funds which were meant for the book banks in 2010-2011. As per the records collected from the office of district social welfare officer, a total of 1,110 SC/ST students were identified as book seekers in 2010. A fund of Rs 49.20 lakhs was also sanctioned to assist in procurement of books to these students.However, the books are still to be distributed to the concerned students through book banks. While the district social welfare officer Shankar Lal refused to comment on the matter citing his busy schedule in the election duty, according to Radheshyam Yadav, social welfare supervisior, the funds already came one academic session late.\"The fund for 2010-2011 session reached on March 31, 2011, so we could not utilise it. After sometime, the fund was freezed. The tenders for purchasing books have been invited and work is on progress since March 2012. It is speculated that books will be provided as the colleges will re-open in July\", informed Yadav.According to Yadav, each identified student can have access to books worth Rs 5000. At the same time, the distribution of books will be based on the previous calculation of SC/ST students although of many of them have passed out the courses from their educational institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14405408", "title": "Check out these chess mates", "text": "For this band of fanatics under the Gariahat flyover, the 64 squares are the universe. No endgame, that !I wish these buses would stop honking,\" says Swapan Roy, his eyes fixed on the board in front of him. The 64 squares are his universe now as he ponders his next move and advances a rook. Slowly, deliberately.Around him, it's a busy Gariahat evening. Office-goers are milling around for transport, the business of buying and selling is booming, deals are being struck, currency changes hands \u2014 but at the Gariahat Chess Club, all the hurly burly of commerce means little.Point is, it should. The club is an open patch under the Gariahat flyover. The players sit poised on the rails, the boards and pieces balanced between them. \"There's an iron box under the bridge where all the chessboards and pieces are kept. All through the day, people come and play here amidst all the din,\" says Swapan, founder member of the chess club.A few chess fanatics used to play in front of the khadi shop in Golpark. All that changed once the flyover was built and the club came into being in 2006. For the casual pedestrians, it's quite a spectacle; rows of chess players \u2014 all pictures of concentration \u2014 mulling the next move, oblivious to the traffic and the people.\"When the flyover came up, it was really great for us. It shelters us from rain and the sun. And as if to help us, the civic body has built small sitting areas under it, and the rails are really broad too. However, we all contribute to buy the boards and the pieces,\" says shop owner Abhijit Saha, secretary of the club, as he moves his queen and softly utters, \"Check.\" The idea behind the club on the road is nothing but pure \"recreation\". \"From school students to software professionals, we get all sorts here. They're looking for a break from their daily chores. Players are between 10 and 80 years old,\" he adds.As if to prove this, 82-year-old K Kundu moved his piece saying, \"Checkmate. These youngsters are no match for me,\" he laughed. How many players does the club get daily? Around 300, in groups of two, play continuously on five boards from morning to 11.30 pm.Arguments break out at times, with players debating the perfect castling or a Sicilian Defence. \"Sometimes our family members scream at us for spending more time here than at home, but well, home is where the heart is,\" laughs Sanjib Burman, another player.The boards cost around 150 each and there are more than ten boards in store. \"There are many who didn't know each other but have now become good friends . I try to find time between work and come to play here,\" says businessman Amit Saha. \"It's a place to have fun, relax and play a game or two,\" he adds, as he places the pieces on the board, ready for a fresh game. No endgame, this!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14397575", "title": "Water situation likely to worsen", "text": "PUNE: Nearly Rs 400 crore have been spent in the last four months to improve water availability in Pune division. With monsoon playing traunt, divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh said the number of tankers supplying water to scarcity-hit areas in western Maharashtra will have to be increased.\"Nearly 77 schemes have been promoted in these areas. Besides, repairing pipelines and renovating water sources is on.As a result, people have got some relief. But more efforts are required to completely solve the problem as water level in most of these areas has gone down substantially. The rainfall situation in these areas is not good either,\" said Deshmukh at a press conference on Monday.Deshmukh said the administration has deployed 892 tankers in Satara, Sangli, Solapur and Pune districts. A similar situation existed in 2004 when around 684 tankers were pressed into service.Right now over 16.32 lakh people are dependent on water provided by tankers.\"Areas where the situation is grim, the water level has gone down by 2.5 meters to 3.80 meters. Now, we need to prepare a list of areas that will need tankers for the next one or two months,\" Deshmukh said.Deshmukh said nearly Rs 400 crore have been spent in dealing with water scarcity situation. Funds have also been allotted for employment guarantee scheme works, besides repairing and setting up temporary water supply facilities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401377", "title": "Doctors' strike total in Patna", "text": "PATNA: Doctors across the state remained on strike in response to the nationwide strike call given by Indian Medical Association (IMA) in protest against the Centre's move to bring in the National Commission for Human Resources in Health (NCHRH) Bill, 2011 in place of the Medical Council of India (MCI). The Bill envisages constitution of a central regulatory body with nominated members on its different councils such as medical council, dental council and nursing council.The doctors of all the six government medical college hospitals, two private medical college hospitals and sadar hospitals also remained on strike which was supported by Bihar State Health Association (BSHA).Barring emergency services at both the medical colleges and hospitals in Patna, Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) and the Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH), functioning of the two hospitals remained paralysed with doctors not reporting to their respective departments. The outdoor patients' department (OPDs) also wore a deserted look at both the places. Private hospitals, diagnostic centres, nursing homes and clinics remained shut throughout the day.Terming the strike as a grand success, state IMA president Dr Parmanand Prasad Pal said doctors from medical colleges to primary and additional primary health centres abstained from work. \"The NCHRH Bill is a death blow to the medical institutions as it interferes with the medical administration by reducing the role of medical professionals,\" he said and added the practice of nominating persons to administer the medical education sector did not exist anywhere in the world.The Bill also proposes a dual registration system wherein a doctor registered with the state council can practice only in the state concerned and has to get himself registered again with the national council for doing practice elsewhere in the country. \"We also oppose the Clinical Establishments Act. Every state has enacted such an Act according to its own needs. Instead of implementing the central act in toto, Bihar should have its own legislation,\" Dr Pal said.The other central policies being opposed by the IMA include short-term course on Bachelor of Rural Health and Care (BRHC) to train rural youths for serving in remote areas as it will encourage quackery, and the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) from 2013 onwards which proposes a common medical entrance test for all the government and private medical colleges across the country.Meanwhile, the strike of the junior doctors of PMCH entered its 12th day on Monday while it was the fifth day since the junior doctors of Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH) went on strike. The Darbhanga Medical and Hospital's junior doctors are also on strike. The striking medicos of PMCH staged a dharna at a makeshift camp. They said the dharna would continue till their demands were met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14399772", "title": "\u20182,198 postal transactions took place till May 2012\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The transferring of money from abroad has always been a problem. However, the International Money Transfer Scheme (IMTS) of the department of Posts has made it comparatively quick and easier.Elaborating on various aspects of the scheme, director postal services, Allahabad region Krishna Kumar Yadav said that with the cooperation of private money transfer firm, the money sent through abroad can be obtained by the recipient in India within few minutes, in selected post offices. Basically this service is available for those NRIs, whose families reside in India. In this service a special code is issued to sender and receiver can obtained payment very easily through this code.Yadav further intimated that under this scheme the number of remittance has been enhanced from 12 to 30 times for single beneficiary in a calendar year from June 2012. Due to this, there is great scope to transfer money from abroad. In this service there is no facility of remittance to abroad. In 2011; 6,253 transactions were done, while in current year upto May 2012; 2,198 transactions took place in Allahabad. Although about 500 IMTS transactions are being done every month, in Allahabad.Yadav added that the maximum limit of USD 2,500 can be sent at a time as per RBI regulations, which must however be only for personal use. Due to this the payment under this service is made to the person not to any firm, company, trust or society. Amounts upto INR. 50,000/- may be paid to the beneficiary in cash. Any amount exceeding this limit shall be paid by means of account payee cheque or credited directly to the savings account in the post office in the name of the beneficiary. However, in case of foreign tourists, higher amounts can be payable in cash.He said in Allahabad region there are 89 post offices including all head post offices, where this service is available. Among these there are 18 post offices in Allahabad division, where the service of IMTS is made available. Allahabad includes services at Allahabad HO, Kutchery HO, Allahabad city, high court, Cavalry Line, GTB Nagar, Bahadurganj, CDA Pension, Athrampur, Bharwari, Handia, Karchhana, Manjhanpur, Phoolpur, Naini, Sirathu and Soraon post offices. The post offices have been directed to treat the payee as \"most favoured customers\", which ensures courteous and efficient service to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14397197", "title": "Babus set the wheels rolling", "text": "MYSORE: \"Keep to the left. Lookout for heavy vehicles. Be careful.\" It was with these words of wifely advice ringing in his ears that MUDA commissioner C G Betsurmath set out to work on Monday morning from his Kuvempunagar residence. The commissioner was not taking his car out. With his laptop and files strapped to the carrier, the KAS officer was cycling to work for the first time. And well, the wife was naturally concerned.On Monday, when 'cycle to work' was launched, 77 officials pedalled to work including deputy commissioner P S Vastrad, ZP CEO Ajay Nagbushan, deputy transport commissioner CP Narayanaswamy, additional DC Naga Nayak and MUDA commissioner CG Betsurmath.In an encouraging sign, none of the 200-plus staff attached to MUDA used their personal vehicles. They cycled, walked or used public transport.The eco-friendly mode of transport promoted by the DC got a positive response. \"I was bicycling after 12 years. It was fun and relaxing too,\" said TS Subramanya, deputy director of Mysore Palace Board. He cycled to his office in the palace from KC Layout, a good 5 km. However, he motored down when district minister S A Ramdas wanted to meet him. \"I obviously could not keep the minister waiting,\" he explained.So excited and thrilled was Betsurmath, 55, that he cycled home for lunch. \"I didn't feel that it is a risk to cycle on Mysore roads,\" said the senior KAS officer who bought a new cycle for the campaign. \"I started at 9 am and reached office within 20 minutes. I'm now planning to take it to tennis practice every day. It'll be a good warm-up,\" he said excitedly.The MUDA has banned entry of vehicles inside its premises and plans to ask contractors to shun vehicles on Mondays and use public transport if they don't have a bicycle.DC Vastrad had to go to H D Kote in the morning. But after he got back at 3pm, he too cycled to work from his official residence, Jalasannidhi, with a cycling gunman in tow. None of the 59 officials in the revenue department too used their personal vehicles-12 cycled, 8 preferred to walk and 35 hopped in to buses or autos. At MUDA, out of the 203 staff, 32 pedalled, 98 walked and 73 hopped on to city buses to reach office.Shirestedar in the DC office P Mohan said: It promotes health and we are happy about it.An official said many of the top officials didn't use their vehicles saving the fuel. At least 100 liters of fuel could have been saved given the response from top executives, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396103", "title": "MBBS merit list released, 7 boys in top 10", "text": "CHENNAI: The merit list for MBBS/BDS admissions in the state was released on Monday by health minister V S Vijay.While the number of girls who applied for admission is double that of boys, there are only three girls among the top 10 students all of who scored 200/200. R Gowtham and S Sushmitha of SKV Higher Secondary School in Namakkal bagged the first and second ranks followed by Ashish Rajesh of DAV Gopalapuram.Since all the students had scored the same marks, other criteria such as total marks and date of birth, were used to rank them, Vijay said. The information is also available on www.tn.gov.inOf the 28,354 candidates who sought admission for MBBS/BDS courses, 477 were rejected either because they were incomplete or for duplication. Nearly 1,895 students who had written the Class 12 exam in 2011 applied again.This year, there are 1,696 seats in government medical colleges (including 50 additional seats in Kilpauk Medical College in Chennai) in the state after 299 seats are surrendered for the all-India quota.The cut-off for the open category is 198.75, 197.75 for the backward category, 196.50 for backward category Muslims, 196.25 for most backward class, 192 for SCs, 188.25 for Arunthathiyars and 189.25 for STs. The first phase of counselling will be from July 5 to 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14395860", "title": "Four-member committee to amend Madhya Pradesh Universities Act", "text": "INDORE: The state government is all set to make necessary amendments in higher education. Department of higher education has constituted a four-member committee to make reform and amendments in Madhya Pradesh Universities Act.A city-based professor from Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya has been appointed on board. Dr Dinesh Varshney, professor, School of Physics will be a part of four-member committee.The other members of committee include former vice chancellor Dr P K Mishra, Mona Purohit, head of department, Law, Barkatuallah University, R K Sitoke, retd additional secretary (Law) and Dinesh Varshney from DAVV, Indore.The first meeting of the committee will be held on Tuesday, which will decide the changes that can be made in the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14399290", "title": "Crackdown on hoardings in buildings from June", "text": "NASHIK: By the end of June, the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) anti-encroachment department will take action against persons erecting hoardings in private buildings.The department had issued notices to 29 agencies responsible for erecting hoardings in private buildings for seeking permission and stability certificates on May 18. The NMC had given a week's deadline to these agencies to submit necessary documents. But the agencies have failed to do the needful. Under these circumstances, the NMC has begun checking files to confirm if the necessary documents have been submitted by the agencies.Agencies erecting hoardings in private buildings have to seek permission of the municipal commissioner. Accordingly, the anti-encroachment department had sent notices to the agencies to produce copies of permission letters and stability certificates at the earliest.\"Under Sections 244 and 245 of the Bombay Provisional Municipal Corporations Act, agencies have to take permission from the municipal commissioner to erect hoardings in private buildings. This permission is given for a year. After that, fresh permission has to be sought. We have asked agencies to provide permission letters and stability certificates to us so that we know how many have taken permission,\" said R M Bahiram, deputy municipal commissioner of the anti-encroachment department.\"We have issued notices to around 350 people but have not got any response from them. That is why we have started checking our files for the documents. We will take action against the offenders by the end of this month,\" said Bahiram. The NMC gets advertisement taxes and license fees from the agencies but the rent that they pay to the building owners is separate and is decided by the agency and the owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14398771", "title": "Alert taxi driver plays hero in Margao robbery", "text": "MARGAO: An acute sense of alertness of a taxi driver and swift action by the police on Sunday night saved the life a person who was left seriously injured by two robbers, besides leading to the arrest of one of the accused.Police sources informed TOI that two thieves gained entry into the house of Rajiv Pai Raiturcar located at Abade Faria road, Margao, with an intention to rob valuables. Raiturcar, 59, was residing alone in the house.\"The thieves entered through the main door of the house which was open, at around 11.30pm. When Raiturcar saw the intruders, he confronted them, but one of them held a dagger to his neck. As Raiturcar tried to resist, the accused stabbed him with a dagger on his face and neck, leaving him bleeding profusely. The thieves, then snatched the gold chain he was wearing and darted out through the main door,\" DySP Mohan Naik told mediapersons.The robbers ran out of luck, as they were spotted coming out of the house by a taxi driver, who was known to Raiturcar. He yelled out to them to stop but they fled. Suspicious of the behavior of the duo, the taxi driver went to Raiturcar's house only to find him severely injured.He alerted the neighbours, informed the police and rushed Raiturcar to the hospital. Some locals, who also spotted the two thieves running away, gave a hot chase and finally nabbed one of them near the old railway station, before handing him over to the police. The other accused, however, managed to give the police a slip.Police recovered the gold chain from the accused, Rahul Vinay Thapa, 26, worth nearly 30,000.Raiturcar, who is undergoing treatment at a private hospital, is learnt to be out of danger.Police sources informed that Thapa, native of Nepal , was previously working at a fast food restaurant at the old market, Margao, and that he would spend the nights on the footpaths at the old railway station road, Margao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "14397028", "title": "An innovative man and his many ideas", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Despite the blazing summer, 74-year-old Ali Manikfan's one room house in Arputhar Nagar, a nondescript locality about five km from Valliyoor in Tirunelveli district, remains cool without any artificial cooling. This house, which he designed and built in the middle of his farm, is just one among the many experiments of a man with a bent for invention.Born in 1938 in Minicoy, Lakshadweep, Ali was homeschooled at first, before joining a school in Kannur in Kerala for his formal education. But as a student who always dreamt about the sea, Ali could never really concentrate on his books. He left his formal education after the third form (eighth grade), but never stopped learning. Ali learnt English and Sinhalese from workers at the Minicoy light house in Lakshadweep. Over the years, he also went on to master 14 languages, including Latin, French, Russian, Persian and Sanskrit.Always up for adventure, he swam about a km to reach a ship anchored off Minicoy coast to meet Dr S Jones, the then director of the Central Marine Fisheries Institute (CMFRI). Jones took him to Mandapam in Ramanathapuram, where he appointed Ali as a lab assistant. His stint in CMFRI helped him harness his knowledge about sea life and astronomy. Acknowledging his contribution in identifying numerous fish species, a fish has also been named after him, called 'Abudefduf Manikfani'. Marine biologist Jones writes in his book 'Fishes of the Laccadive archipelago,' \"The book bears testimony to the part played by M Ali Manikfan of Minicoy Islands who collected the maximum number of species and ascertained the local names.\"The greatest achievement of Ali's life was when Tim Severin, an internationally famous navigator, who wanted to replicate the journey of Sindbad, one of the heroes of the famous Arabian Nights, entrusted him to build a ship exactly similar to the one on which Sindbad had travelled. It took more than a year for the 30-member-team under Ali to build the ship. The team camped at the port of Sur in Oman and built an 80x25 ft ship made of aini wood, 75,000 coconut husks and four tonnes of coir, all imported form Kerala. No metal was used in the building of the ship, which was named after 'Sohar', the original ship. In 1981, Tim Severin and his 22-member team travelled 9,655 km for seven months and eight days from Muscut in Oman to Canton in China. In his book 'The Sindbad Voyage', Severin has paid tribute to Ali for contributing to his historic journey. 'Sohar' is displayed at a roundabout in Muscat, as a tribute to the navigator and the ship builder.Ali's experiments were not limited to the sea. He now holds the patent of a bicycle which he designed and travelled from Rameshwaram to New Delhi for 45 days along with his son. A devout Muslim with deep knowledge in Quran, he believes that God has created man with unique capacities and provided nature as a textbook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14400992", "title": "Sex powers drug addiction in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Driving a snazzy car to school, tall and handsome Arjun (name changed) has all the makings of the envy of his peers. But he isn't.For, despite his show of material wealth, he is emotionally poor, in fact, crestfallen to the degree that he's unable to look people in the eye.Carrying such inherent guilt, Arjun walked up to Albert PJ, founder of Abhayam, a centre for drug de-addiction, and counsellor at affluent schools in Bangalore. \"I was conducting a de-addiction camp in the school Arjun was studying. He walked up to me and pleaded secrecy and said: 'I don't trust any girl',\" says Albert.While Arjun was driven to sex, Sheena (name changed) got into illicit trafficking to support her drug habits. \"She had her first taste of drugs at 13, when her boyfriend introduced her to cocaine. But after she fell out with him, she continued to yearn for drugs and to support her craving, got into unsafe sexual practices and even lived with a group of Africans. She too went to an affluent school and her parents showered plenty of money but little love on her,\" recounts Albert.On International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, it emerges that children in Bangalore are practising unsafe sex to support their drug addictions.Arjun and Sheena are among the increasing group of youngsters belonging to affluent schools in Bangalore, who believe \"it's not cool to be a virgin\". \"Two years ago, I conducted a survey of children who have had sexual relationships while still in school. It emerged that 70% of children had already experienced sex.Once sex addiction sets in, drug addiction follows and often, children end up having unsafe sex, making them susceptible to diseases like HIV,\" confirms Albert.Rita D'Souza, operations head at People Pro, an organization which mentors children in schools across India, adds: \"Any kind of intoxication is influential in getting children involved with sex.While drugs are more easily accessible to children in the northeast states, in Bangalore, 1% of children in affluent schools take to drugs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14400120", "title": "MLAs ask for 62 new polling booths in Hazaribag", "text": "Hazaribag: MLAs of Hazaribag district have suggested to set up 62 new polling stations in addition to the existing ones. The suggestion was made in a meeting convened by the district administration here on Monday with a view to ensure 100% voting in future elections.The meeting was called by the DC following the directive of the Election Commission and attended by all MLAs of the district. Barkatha legislator Amit Kumar Yadav demanded reorganization of 18 booths of the 339 for convenience of the voters. MLA of Basrhi Uma Shankar Akela suggested that 12 of the 318 polling stations be reorganized in a similar fashion. Congress MLA from Hazaribag Sourav Narayan Singh suggested that of the 360 polling stations in the Hazaribag assembly constituency, 32 more booths be set up for the convenience of the voters and poliing officials.After hearing the suggestions of all political parties, DC Manish Ranjan asked all the workers and MLAs present in the meeting to suggest the names and sites of all the 62 booths within two days so that the list could be sent to the Election Commission for its approval. He also assured the political parties to repair the polling parties so that voters could reach them smoothly and exercise their franchise without any fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14399335", "title": "Cherthala's 40-year Ikea connection", "text": "KOCHI: When finally last week, Ikea, the world's largest furniture retailer, decided to set aside certain apprehensions and go ahead with a Rs 10,500 cr investment in India - to date, the largest foreign direct investment in this country's retail sector - it was in all probability banking on its long-standing relationships with certain small scale suppliers.One such supplier is Cherthala-based Travancore Mats &amp; Mattings Company (TMMC), which currently supplies two million coir mats to the Scandinavian homewares company on a two-year contract. \"We have been providing door mats and rugs to Ikea for the last four decades,\" said V R Prasad, managing director of TMMC, which was established in 1917.Prasad believes that the entry of Ikea will transform India's retail landscape. \"It will force other retailers to revise the range of products and pricing strategies. The middle class and upper middle class families keen on value for money will get quality products at competitive prices,\" he said.\"Kerala's coir export market is pretty healthy and the domestic market without any further marketing activities could generate revenues of Rs 4,000 crore,\" said Anil KR, director of Thiruvananthapuram-based National Coir Research &amp; Management Institute (NCRMI). \"When Ikea starts its operations, we may even collaborate with them to tap the domestic market,\" he added.Of course, keeping up with the quality standards and social compliance guidelines of Ikea is really tough. \"Ikea ruthlessly monitors your production systems and cleanliness of the shop floor and not meeting the standards would end up in stopping the shipments by the company,\" Prasad said.Apart from millions of European homes, TMCC's carpets find their way to aircraft aisles, Saudi palaces, and even Camp David, the retreat of the US president. In 2007, Ikea honoured Prasad at a function in New Delhi for completing 35 years as a vendor. Currently, 85% of itsTMMC's turnover is contributed by the outsourcing work for Ikea.\"Ikea now sources from 70 suppliers from the South Asian region - India, Pakistan and Bangladesh,\" said an official with the company. \"We source mainly carpets, coir mattresses and rugs from Kochi region,\" the official confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14399831", "title": "IMA stages dharna", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Indian Medical Association, Kozhikode chapter, staged dharna in front of Kozhikode collectorate on Monday against the decision of the central government to introduce bachelor of rural health care programme. The protesters said the move would deteriorate the standards of medical care.The government has come forward with the decision when the academics from developed countries have come up with the opinion that even the present duration of five and-a-half years is not sufficient for excelling in the field of modern medicine, the protestors said. The move of the government will only help to offer substandard medical care to rural population, they criticized. Former principal of Kozhikode Medical College K Madhavankutty inaugurated the dharna. A K Abdulkhadar presided over the protest meet.T P Rajagopal, C M Aboobacker, K V Raju, K Venugopal, Anil, O K Balanarayanan, K v Prabhakaran and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14400411", "title": "CET document verification process gets underway", "text": "MANGALORE: The verification process of the documents of CET rank holders kick started at the helpline center set up at National Institute of Technology Karnataka, Surathkal near here on Monday.Students along with their parents started arriving from different places to the center from 8am and the verification process at five counters for the rank holders between 1 and 2,000 were done in four different batches.After that the students were given an audio-visual (AV) presentation about logging into the website for online counselling, which will start from July 12.To provide more assistance to CET candidates, NITK has arranged computers in a separate hall on its premises, where computer experts explained CET candidates about the online counselling.As many as 25 officials have been deployed by the Karnataka Examinations Authority (KEA) to the helpline center for verification of the documents and the process will conclude on July 10.The first day of verification of documents went smoothly without any glitches. Help line center nodal officer Suresh Thunga said candidates have been given a verification slip and acknowledgement card with a secret key number to login for online counseling, which well begin from July 12.However many candidates, who came from different parts of Dakshina Kannada district were dissatisfied with the slow process of document verification.A candidate from Chikmagalur on the condition of anonymity said, \"For rank holders from 1 to 600 verification process was scheduled from 9am to 11am. My rank is below 600, but my documents verification was completed at 3pm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14395776", "title": "Protest against desecration of idol", "text": "INDORE: Tension prevailed at Harsidheshwar Mahadev temple here on Monday following the reports of the desecration of an idol. However, no untoward incident was reported as the police took timely precaution.Police said that a few local people, who were protesting against the desecration of the idol at the temple, demanded the immediate arrest of the accused. The protestors said that the incident hurt the religious sentiments of a particular community.Senior police officials also rushed the spot and calmed down the protestors. They also assured the activists of finding out the people behind the act and action against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14396691", "title": "Pinki's case not uncommon, say doctors", "text": "KOLKATA: While the judgment is yet to be out on whether former athlete Pinki Pramanik is male or female, city gynaecologists say that such incidents of ambiguous genitalia, if not routine, is not rare either.These specialists are of the opinion that though no study or proper quantification has been done, of all the babies born in any given period of time across the world, at least 3% babies are born with ambiguous genitalia. Once these are detected, depending on the typicality of the case, the problem is corrected surgically first and then hormonal treatment is given to the baby, that will enable to suppress its weaker sexual identity while bringing out its prominent sexual identity.While generally, sexual identity of a child is determined by looking at its genitals, in some cases it might not be enough proof. Doctors identify sexual identity of a child in five ways: Genotypically i.e. through gene study that is done by looking at chromosomal structure, fenotypically, i.e. by studying the outward physical manifestations of the child, psychotypically, where a person is of either sex in his/her mind, mixed chromosomal where instead of xx (female) and xy (male) chromosomal structure, often there are some anomalous chromosomal structures that cause the formation of mixed genitals where there is a male-female mix-up and finally, there are true hermaphrodites who have the ovo-testis syndrome where both the genitals co-exist. Doctors who have been following Pinki's case closely feel that she could come in either of the last two categories and hence, testing her outward bodily parts might not lead to the right answer.\"In case of a person who comes under the mixed chromosomal category, it is possible that both the genitals are present, but one will be more pronounced than the other. Thus, if the female features including the genitalia are complete with the clitoris, it is possible that the clitoris is much longer and might look like the penis,\" explained gynaecologist Subhas Mukherjee, who has also had a long stint in the UK.Doctors say that in both mixed chromosomal and hermaphrodite cases, the true sexual identity can be established through chromosomal analysis or through gene mapping. This is called karyotyping and it takes at least three weeks before the result is out because a thorough gene culture is done. \"Even if outward manifestations might lead doctors to a certain result, such clinical diagnosis can only be confirmed after a chromosomal analysis,\" said a senior gynaecologist from the NRS Hospital.Doctors said they have come across cases where a child outwardly has female genitals, but also has testes in the inguinal canal and no uterus, making the child technically a male. \"Incidences of congenital adrenal hyperplacia where the clitoris is technically there but looks like the penis or testicular feminisation, where the vagina is blind, i.e. there is no uterus, are quite common. I feel that earlier even after diagnosis, the scope for treatment was limited. This is gradually changing,\" said gynaecologist Gauri Kumra.Though the direct cause of the chromosomal/hormonal imbalance that causes ambiguous genitalia is not known yet, specialists say that the incidences are growing in number as an offshoot of infertility treatment. \"Hormone therapy is a must in such cases and though we primarily increase female hormones, the resultant hormonal imbalance often causes ambiguous genitalia in the mother, especially if inter uterine insemination has been opted for,\" Kumra added. Once an affected child is born, the doctors see if the gonads and ovaries are in place. The treatment is entirely situational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398406", "title": "Teachers' association meet in Prantij on Sept 2", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former Gujarat University (GU) vice-chancellor (VC) KS Shastri, who heads the Gujarat- North Gujarat Universities Area Teachers' Association, said on Monday that the meeting of the association will be held in Prantij on September 2.The association has strongly condemned the Sunday's incident at Dinesh Hall wherein a group of teachers gate-crashed and created ruckus, according to a statement issued by the association.Shastri has also clarified that J S Prajapati, who became the president of a newly formed teachers' body, does not hold any position in the association any more.Jaswant Thakker has been appointed as the secretary of the association with immediate effect. The association also decided to form a 10-member committee for various programmes that will be convened by Devendrasinh Solanki and Thakker.The association will soon chalk out a detailed programme for World Teachers Conference to be held as a part of the golden jubilee celebrations of AIFUCTO. The meeting of sub committee of World Federation of Teachers will be held in Ahmedabad in October and the committee will decide the programme details for this, Shastri said in the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "allapuzha", "code": "14399752", "title": "Residents obstruct land survey at Thiruvizha", "text": "ALLAPUZHA: Residents of Thiruvizha in Cherthala on Monday blocked the district revenue officials, who visited the place for conducting survey to set up a wagon factory of Indian Railways. The villagers disrupted the survey and urged the officials to relocate the project to the land owned by Autokast in Thiruvizha.Following this, the team led by deputy collector (land reforms) K R Chithradharan and Cherthala tahsildar P S Rajeev returned from the spot without completing their work.The district administration has identified as many as 60 acres of land at Thiruvizha in Cherthala South grama panchayat for setting up the wagon factory.Many villagers reached Elanjipadam on Monday morning when they came to know that the district revenue officials would arrive there for the survey. When the revenue officials reached the spot, the villagers including women and youths shouted slogans against them and a blockade was staged by the Kerala State Karshaka Thozhilali Union (KSKTU) members near Thiruvizha railway station. According to the villagers, out of the 60 acres of land identified for the project, 40 acres of land is paddy field.A resident, 62-year-old Sadanandan, said that he would not surrender his land for the project at any cost.\"I am a farmer and I don't know any other job. My forefathers and I were born and brought up in this place. We want to live and die in this place,\" he said.\"We visited the spot as per the directive of chief minister Oommen Chandy . He asked the Alappuzha district collector on June 21 to conduct the survey and decide the value of the land and structures to set up the railways project. But we could not conduct the survey on Monday and we will inform the authorities concerned about the incident,\" Cherthala tahsildar P S Rajeev told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14400943", "title": "Man with pellet injuries missing", "text": "BANGALORE: A 35-year-old man who was found lying semi-conscious with pellet injuries in his left shoulder in Bannerghatta Biological Park and admitted to Anekal General Hospital, went missing hours later on Sunday night.Madappa, a resident of Arehalli in Anekal taluk of Bangalore Rural district, was found lying in the forest area by some firewood collectors around 4 pm. Apparently, he had sustained injuries after forest guards had shot at him with muzzle loaders.The injured man was rushed to the hospital. He had lost his consciousness by the time he reached the hospital. Doctors removed the pellets later in the night and police were informed. \"In his statement to police, Madappa said he was walking through the forest area with his licensed single barrel gun when he was shot,\" said a police officer. After police left the hospital, Madappa went missing.\"We are trying to nab him as we know his village. We are checking whether the forest department had any case against him in the past or whether he was part of a poachers or smugglers' gang,\" said a police officer. Anekal police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14395667", "title": "I-T sleuths search house of bizmen's associate", "text": "INDORE: In the wake of the ongoing income tax raids against businessmen Dilip Suryavanshi and Sudhir Sharma in Bhopal , Indore and other parts of the state, a seven-member team of I-T department on Monday, searched a sealed flat at White Church area belonging to Nilesh Upadhyay, an associate to both the businessmen.The team led by assistant commissioner of investigation wing, Piyush Tiwari reached Upadhyay's home around 2 pm and searched the house for around three hours there.The team consisted of three senior officials and four inspectors who reportedly seized the house as Upadhyay wasn't present at the time of raid. It is said that he was on a piligrimage with his family. The officials also found few important documents by querying the family members over the phone.I-T officials refuse to speak to media about the disclosure. Sources said that the department will speed up the inquiry over the documents found in the recent raid which they said, carry substantial information.Meanwhile, the Enforcement Directorate following information about recovery of American, Australian dollars, Dinars from the house of mining tycoon Sudhir Sharma, is waiting for the reports of income tax department, to act further on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14399849", "title": "Mamata Banerjee agrees to meet PA Sangma as she mulls abstaining from presidential poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee has not revealed whether she will support opposition presidential candidate PA Sangma against UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee or highlight her opposition to the Congress candidate by asking her party to abstain from voting on July 19, but she has agreed to meet Sangma, it is learnt. She told Sangma that whether TMC votes for him or not would be decided by the party later, it is learnt.While Banerjee has not met Mukherjee or spoken to him about the presidential elections, she spoke to Sangma when he called her and promised to meet him when he is in Kolkata.While Ahmed Patel, political secretary to the Congress president, is in touch with the TMC chief seeking support for Mukherjee, BJP is also wooing her for Sangma, who has been put up jointly by Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalitha and Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik.While Banerjee has made her opposition to Mukherjee public, she is believed to be in \"no hurry\" to take a decision on her party's stand for the presidential polls. With most parties having made their stand clear on the July 19 polls, TMC with 4% votes may consider abstaining as the best option.There are at least three reasons for Banerjee to ask her party to abstain. The fear of cross-voting from TMC in favour of Bengal's first presidential nominee is the first reason for Banerjee to ask her party to abstain from the contest altogether. The other fear is being seen as voting with BJP in case she decides to support Sangma. Sensitive about the considerable chunk of Muslim vote in Bengal, the TMC chief is keen not to be clubbed with the saffron camp.Finally, since Banerjee is not in a mood to quit the ruling UPA, even as she continues to distance herself from Congress, it suits TMC to abstain rather than vote against the UPA nominee and go with the opposition bloc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14395743", "title": "Andhra Pradesh to get its fill of rain: Met officials", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Those who have been worried over the extended dry spell in the state despite the onset of monsoon can breathe easy as Met officials are confident that Andhra Pradesh would start getting its normal quota of rainfall in a day or two.Weather experts on Monday quashed the rumours of a break in monsoonal activity and asserted that the rainfall in the state would be widespread with normal rainfall expected in July. They said that the third spell of the monsoon would cover the entire state and the country as conditions are conducive to good rains.By the first week of the July, the monsoon trough or axis would be formed, paving the way for rains. \"The rainfall activity would come down if the monsoon cycle travels towards the foot of the Himalayas , leading to a lull in monsoonal activity. But conditions are favourable for a good monsoon,\" A Atchyuta Rao, assistant meteorologist at Cyclone Warning Centre, told TOI. Weather officials also ruled out any interference by the El Nino phenomenon and said that the monsoon had only been delayed by three days. They said that Telangana and south coastal Andhra had received heavy rainfall in the first spell.There was good amount of rainfall too in Odisha, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh, besides in north coastal Andhra and north Telangana in the second spell due to upper air circulation in north-west Bay of Bengal. Rao pointed out that most of the areas in AP were covered in the first two spells of monsoon except Nellore and some parts of Rayalaseema. \"The remaining parts would be covered in the third spell, which should start in a couple of days,\" he explained.The rains would continue in broken spells in case there is a low pressure or depression over the Bay of Bengal. However, there is presently no proper system over the Bay of Bengal except for a seasonal low pressure trough, which is not stable. \"If it has a supporting system of upper air circulation, then there would be good rains,\" experts said.According to the long-range forecast made by the India Meteorological Department, some regions may end up getting 96% rainfall as against the 98% predicted in the first forecast in April. In that sense, there would be a 2% depreciation in rainfall in the months of August and September.\"Once the third spell begins, the entire state would witness normal rainfall in July and distribution of rainfall would be equal,\" Rao added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14398752", "title": "Ponda cops crack Marcel, Cumbharjua robberies", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police bust an inter-state gang of robbers on Monday. Police arrested two natives of Bijapur-Karnataka and recovered gold ornaments worth 4.2 lakh allegedly stolen by them from three houses in Marcel and Cumbharjua.Ponda DySP Dinraj Govekar said the local investigation bureau (LIB) team under supervision of PI Sagar Ekoskar played an important role in cracking the case. The accused, Ramzan Kutubuddin Shaikh, 25, and Hussain Bashya Lalsaab, 22, both natives of Hebbal, Basan-Bagewadi, Bijapur in Karnataka had committed thefts in the residences of Madhavi Gaikwad and Jayprakash Fadte (both from Adcolna-Marcel) on March 22 and May 30 respectively, and Dhaku Gaude in Cumbharjua on May 19. The accused were residing at Cumbharjua. Police have also recovered gold ornaments weighing 138.33g, including finger rings, pendant, 'bajuband' etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14400697", "title": "Ghaziabad Development Authority gets ministry nod to widen NH-24", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Ghaziabad Development Authority on Monday claimed that it has got the sanction to widen the NH-24 from four to six lanes. Authority officials said that the surface transport ministry has also passed the underpasses that were proposed by it. Senior officials of GDA and Noida Authority had met last Thursday and shared plans on NH-24 and also decided to share the cost to develop the highway.\"The Union surface transport ministry sanctioned the widening of NH-24 after a meeting on Monday. Apart from that, three underpasses will also be developed,\" said a senior GDA official.The authority had recently sent a proposal to NHAI to transfer land to the authorities. GDA has already earmarked the underpasses and FOBs that would be built to decongest traffic on an urgent basis. The authority said that it will utilize existing underpasses at Shipra Mall and carbon factory along the NH-24 and lay new service roads to divert traffic. Noida Authority is also planning a flyover from the old FNG highway apart from a semi-cloverleaf.The three new underpasses proposed by GDA would be constructed along the stretch from Lal Kuan to UP Gate, locations of which would be soon decided. Besides, the authority has proposed laying of new service roads at Chhajarsi, CISF crossing and Kalapathar that would aligned with the national highway in order to prevent congestion at these points and streamline traffic between Ghaziabad and Noida.The three foot overbridges have been planned at District Collectorate, Vijay Nagar and Khoda to facilitate movement of pedestrians. For Noida Authority, the Sector 62 traffic signal is a major problem. Thousands of commuters get stuck in traffic during office hours daily. The Authority wants to make the Sector 62 crossing signal-free and an underpass and two cloverleaves are required for it. \"Through these proposals, we aim to reduce traffic congestion by 25-40 per cent,\" a senior official said.The Union surface transport ministry sanctioned the widening of NH-24 after a meeting with GDA on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14400247", "title": "Healthcare services derail", "text": "DHARWAD: Healthcare services in majority of the private hospitals derailed on Monday, after the OPD (out patient department) remained closed for the day, following the one-day token strike by private medical practitioners in response to the call given by the Indian Medical Association (IMA).However, the emergency ward and the maternity ward continued to provide medical services to patients. The OPD patients were at the receiving end and had to rush to the district hospital for treatment.The Dharwad unit of IMA stated that the Centre proposes to introduce NCHRH Bill-2011 (National Commission for Human Resources in Health), which according to doctors is going to affect medical practice. This would be a super-arching body on all the councils of medical professions and the powers vested on the councils would be lost as these will be governed by the proposed commission.The government is marching ahead with the Clinical Establishment Act. According to him, already doctors are governed and entangled with so many laws for which they are unable to concentrate on patients. The new act will not leave any doctor with limited resources practice medicine comfortably and therefore the cost of the treatment of any kind of emergencies will increase manifold.The IMA has also opposed dissolution of the Medical Council of India (MCI). For restoration of democratic set up, MCI is very important so that the working and medical education can be controlled by only medical graduates. Hence, any further attempt to take away medical autonomy would be opposed with full might.District surgeon Dr Vijay Vitthal Managuli stated that the healthcare services in civil hospital continued smoothly. The government doctors have not extended support to the bandh.Protest rallies held in Hubli, Chitradurga. Members of IMA, Hubli branch took out a protest rally extending their support to the bandh. Members kept their clinics and hospitals closed except for emergencies. Protestors took out the rally from IMA House in Bailappanavar Nagar to Mini Vidhan Soudha and submitted their memorandum to the government through tahasildar. IMA Hubli branch president Dr KMP Suresh led the team of members. The doctors' fraternity in Chitradurga district, including those in the government service, staged a protest. Doctors, addressing the agitators at the DC office, blamed the Centre for its dual standard in introducing the bill without consulting either the IMA or the health universities. They said that health is a state subject in which the Centre cannot interfere. A memorandum was submitted to the DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "14400741", "title": "Sisters hurt while trying to board moving train", "text": "KOLLAM: Two girls were seriously injured while trying to board a moving train here at the Kollam railway station on Monday. The injured have been identified as Sreya (12) and Raksha (12), from Bangalore. The accident occurred at Platform number 5 at 2.20pm. The family of the girls was waiting to board the Bangalore-bound Island Express at platform number 4.At the same time its pairing train from Bangalore to Thiruvananthapuram arrived at Platform No 4. The arrival of these two trains was announced at almost the same time causing confusion.When the family realized that they were on wrong platform they ran to catch the other train which was on platform no. 5. By the time the family reached the platform, the train had started to move. In a bid to catch the train, the children jumped onto moving train and fell down. One child injured her head and the other fractured her left hand.But, the family somehow managed to drag the two into the train. They later found that the injuries were serious and pulled the chain at once. The children were admitted at a private hospital here. The injured girls are cousins and their family had come to Kerala to attend a marriage at Kollam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "14399055", "title": "Mining project hits land hurdle, PDS seeks govt intervention", "text": "SURI: PDS leader Samir Putatunda on Monday met chief minister Mamata Banerjee and sought the government's intervention to ensure that villagers in Birbhum's Khayrasole received just compensation for the land they had given up for the DVC-Emta coal mining project. Officials of the joint venture company, meanwhile, accused the district administration of failing to control a law and order situation.The Krishi Jami Raksha Committee (KJRC), under whose banner the villagers are demanding better payout and jobs, captured an excavator of the company two months ago. DVC-Emta had brought it to begin excavating coal. Sensing trouble, the firm later removed all other equipment including high-tech machines from the site.DVC-EMTA was set up in 2006 to excavate coal from Loba village panchayat area. Unable to get acquired land, the firm went in for direct purchase. However, things did not move for years due to disagreement on compensation by KJRC that was then backed by Trinamool and CPM. Finally, DVC-Emta reached an agreement last October in the presence of district administration and local leaders of both parties.Thereafter, the firm purchased 750 acre. But it has not been able to excavate coal as the plots are not contiguous. A section of villagers have held on to their land, demanding more money and jobs. Patatunda's PDS then stepped in to back KJRC.Putatunda has since visited the area several times. Jaydeep Mazumdar, secretary, Krishi Jami Raksha Samiti (KJRS) said: \"We are not against mining. But where shall the residents of 12 villages go if proper compensation is not given? We are being cheated. Some discussions may have taken place but we know nothing on this. We want the right price of land and have our hopes pinned on Patatunda.\"However, DVC-Emta director Nimai Chandra Mukherjee has refused to negotiate with either KJRS or PDS, saying the price-three-four times that of ordinary plots in the area-was fixed in the presence of all stakeholders.\"What is the locus standi of Jaideep Mazumdar that the company should negotiate with him? The instigated villagers have grabbed an expensive machine. What right do they have to do this? We have told the administration that it is a law and order problem but there is no action. It's a failure on the part of the administration,\" Mukherjee added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14398679", "title": "Nightmare back for Campal residents", "text": "PANAJI: In a blatant violation of a 2008-high court order, the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) has restarted dumping wet waste along a corner of the Campal parade ground, creating a nightmare of stench, flies and mosquitoes for residents in the area.Past president and present director, Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA)-Goa, Joseph Vaz told TOI, \"The CCP has started indiscriminate dumping of bio-degradable waste at the ground since the start of this month. The stench is unbearable.\" The YMCA, bang opposite the dump, is perhaps the worst affected and were the petitioners who had taken the CCP to court.Following its recently-concluded annual regional conference, it received multiple complaints about the foul odour from many of the over 100 delegates who attended the event.YMCA officials have now petitioned chief minister Manohar Parrikar , Goa state pollution control board and the health department on the issue. YMCA-Goa president P Vaz said, \"Whenever any event is organized in Goa, a large number of delegates arrive because of Goa's status as a tourist destination. But, this time, the delegates left with a bad experience due to the foul smell.\"The state home science college, a Methodist church, a hospital, and several residential colonies are also affected.Staff at the nearby electricity substation said, \"The stench is unbearable and there are flies and mosquitoes too. We have to keep all the doors and windows closed\".\"The dumped garbage doesn't look good, and we are particularly affected by the flies,\" said Sudesh Pillar of the Campal Clinic pharmacy.The YMCA had moved the high court and the CCP had assured the court that no bio-degradable waste would be dumped at the parade ground. Despite the assurance and observations made in the order of the high court, the CCP is now continuing with dumping the waste which is not only causing a health hazard in the locality, but is affecting some of the inhabitants.The YMCA is also facing a decline in the number of guests using the guest house due to the smell and the eyesore of the garbage dump and the stray dogs and other animals, it plays host to.YMCA secretary Godwin Fernandes said, \"Crows drop chicken legs and other waste from the dump into the YMCA property.\"CCP councilor Surendra Furtado said, \"The high court has given the Bainguinim site to the CCP. I do not know why they are not using it. The CM needs to apply his mind to the issues of Panaji.\" CCP mayor Vaidehi Naik said she would inspect the site on Tuesday and would discuss the issue with the commissioner. The commissioner, Sanjit Rodrigues, was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401430", "title": "Police fire in air to disperse BSEB linemen", "text": "PATNA: Police fired two rounds in the air and also resorted to lathicharge to disperse agitating contractual linemen of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) who allegedly indulged in vandalism at the BSEB headquarters on Bailey Road under the Kotwali police station area on Monday afternoon.According to an eyewitness account, dozens of contractual employees locked the BSEB gates around 7.30am in protest against reported orders to terminate their services. As a result, most of the officials and employees could not enter their office buildings which house several other offices, including NTPC's Nabinagar Power Generating Limited, Bihar Electricity Regulatory Commission, NHPC and World Bank- aided 'Jeevika' project's office.Around 11.30am, a six-member delegation representing the contractual linemen was called inside for talks with the BSEB management. The three-hour talks ended on a cordial note after the agitating members were told that no one would be retrenched and steps would be taken for fresh recruitments. Nearly 400 to 500 BSEB linemen were appointed on contract.However, some of the contractual employees were not satisfied with the talks. They started pelting the office buildings with stones. On getting information, local police and anti-riot vehicle, Vajra, reached the spot. This further agitated the contractual employees and they started pelting the cops with bricks. A pitched battle ensued between the cops and the agitators after which the cops resorted to lathicharge and dispersed the agitating employees. The chaos adversely affected the vehicular movement on Bailey Road for over half an hour.SP (city) Kim said a BMP guard deployed on the BSEB premises fired two rounds in the air as the agitating employees tried to gatecrash into the office. She said when the cops prevented them from doing so the employees attacked them with bricks.BSEB spokesman H R Pandey said, \"Another group of agitated people, mostly outsiders, started pelting stones and bricks inside the BSEB headquarters building without any provocation and damaged two BSEB vehicles. Two BSEB security guards also sustained injuries.\" He said the BMP jawans deployed there had to fire two rounds in the air to disperse the agitating crowd. \"The building is vital from security point of view because we control and monitor the power distribution across the state from here. There is also a huge cash deposit here,\" Pandey said.In fact, trouble started brewing on June 21 when the BSEB had issued an order regarding the termination of the services of all the contractual linemen. But within 24 hours, the BSEB clarified that no one would be terminated. \"This news was also prominently flashed in the media,\" Pandey said.BSEB management did not rule out the involvement of some antisocial elements in Monday's incident on Bailey Road.Later, the SSP, along with DSP-level officers, visited the BSEB building to take stock of the situation. They also held a meeting with the BSEB chairman.Meanwhile, CPI(ML) state secretary Kunal criticized the state government for crushing democratic agitations through lathicharge and firing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14400295", "title": "President defends mercy spree to death row convicts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rashtrapati Bhawan has defended granting clemency to an unprecedented 35 death row convicts saying the power to pardon was not a private act of grace but a constitutional obligation.A statement from the President's office said President Pratibha Patil had not acted in haste or played to the gallery and the clemency petitions had been commuted only after due examination and on the aid and advice of the home minister. \"In all these backlog and fresh cases, the home minister has examined the mitigating and extenuating circumstances and spelt out specific reasons substantiating his considered advice. In turn, the President took well considered decisions after having fully satisfied that he government has tendered its aid and advice properly and constitutionally,\" the statement said.President's office spokesperson Archana Dutta argued that it was common knowledge that all death convicts seeking mercy had committed ghastly and heinous crimes of the rarest of rare category. \"Nevertheless, the Constitution confers on them the right to seek clemency,\" Dutta said.The President's office, however, did not explain how a convict, Bandu Balarao Tikade, dead since 2007, had been granted clemency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396636", "title": "Indian Institute of Sugarcane Research offers technical support to sugar mills", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Indian Institute of Sugarcane Research on Monday agreed to join hands with sugar mills in the state to offer technological support enhancing cane yield and sugar recovery. The decision was taken during an institute-industry interface held at IISR on Monday.Meeting with IISR director S Solomon, sugar mill owners sought solutions for low sugarcane productivity and decreasing sugar recovery in western Uttar Pradesh.During the last 5 to 6 years, a gradual decrease in recovery, from 10.00% to 8.75% has been a major cause of concern for mill managements. Sugarcane farming has also been plagued with decreasing soil fertility and health, instances of insect and pests, scarcity of labour and supply of poor cane quality.Solomon advised the farmers to implement the complete package of cane cultivation practices, including techniques of soil health improvement, improved sugarcane varieties, varietal planning, three-tier seed production programme, wheat-sugarcane system, bio-intensive management of diseases and pests, post-harvest technique to improve sugar recovery, training of sugar mill cane development staff for improving productivity and sugar recovery on sustained basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14397690", "title": "Plan to open 40 more passport offices soon: SM Krishna", "text": "NEW DELHI: The TOI campaign against the bottlenecks in the passport system - which has already led to reforms over the past week - brought the minister of external affairs, S M Krishna, to the PSK at ITO on Monday for a reality check. He announced fresh reforms, including a proposal to open 40 more passport offices, some of which will be implemented immediately and the rest after a cabinet meeting on Friday.In an exclusive briefing to TOI, Krishna said since the first 'Passport Mela' was a success, it has been decided to hold one this weekend too. Officials hope over 20,000 applications will be processed on Saturday and Sunday. In fact, the Mela will become a regular feature.\"Every month we are receiving more applications and that has added to the workload. Our resources are, however, limited and therefore the delay in processing them. A proposal to set up 40 additional passport offices across the country will be tabled in Friday's cabinet meeting,\" Krishna said.These new offices will come up in areas that have a monthly demand of 20,000-25,000 passports.When people at the PSK shared their tales of woes with the minister, he said there were \"teething troubles\" as the system was still new and officials were gradually getting used to it. \"There are hiccups since the online procedure is new. Eventually, these problems will be sorted out,\" Krishna said.As an immediate measure to tackle the problem of online appointments, the ministry has decided to dedicate one passport office in each city to handle walk-in appointments. \"In Delhi, the regional passport office at Bhikaji Cama Place will offer both normal and Tatkaal services to 200 applicants daily; in Bangalore, it will be the RPO at Koramangla,\" said Raghavendra Shastry, adviser to the minister.The ministry has also roped in the postal department to weed out touts and middlemen. \"Our focus is to simplify the system and make it citizen-friendly. It is very important to eliminate intermediaries as they complicate the system. We have asked 350 post offices to help applicants with no access to the internet fill up and submit forms. They will employ ex-servicemen for this, who will charge a nominal fee of Rs 100 per application,\" said Krishna.Senior MEA officials, who accompanied the minister, said police verification of applicants has emerged as a grey area. \"We are, therefore, starting a pilot project in Karnataka where all police stations will be linked to the passport seva project. The moment a granting officer processes one application, a copy will be wired to the respective police station. From that point, cops will have seven working days to verify and send back their report. So far, cops have been found to delay the verification process on some pretext or the other. The system will now track their response timings, too,\" said Shastry.The minister will write to chief ministers of all states on Tuesday to strictly implement the new rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395567", "title": "No move to release hardcore Maoists from jails, Raman Singh says", "text": "BHOPAL: Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh there was no move to release any of the hard-core Maoists, involved in any serious crimes such as murder, through the high-powered committee reviewing the cases of all under-trials languishing in prisons of the state.\"The three member committee was set up following an agreement reached for the release of collector Alex Paul Menon, who was abducted by the Maoists. The committee is reviewing cases of all under-trials, including a large number of poor who are in jail just because none had come forward to bail them out\", he said while talking to newsmen here. \"Many poor, including a number of tribals, who were booked for petty offences and are in jail, would be release on the recommendations of the committee. It's not that Naxalites facing serious charges would get any reprive\", he asserted.Replying to a question, Singh said the biggest achievement during the last eight years was that his government was able to \"raise the visibility\" of Chhattisgarh as a state where the average GDP stood at 10.5 % and a number of measures were taken for the welfare of masses. \"Chhattisgarh has proved that a new state can achieve growth and tread in the path of progress\", he added.Asked about his party's prospects of returning to power in 2013 assembly elections, the chief minister said he foresaw further downfall of the Congress in the entire country after the UPA government's failure to check price rise and fall of value of rupee. \"The situation becomes even more serious when an economist of Dr Manmohan Singh's stature is at the helm of affairs as Prime Minister\", he added.About his Bihar counterpart Nitish Kumar's reported statement that his party would not brook Modi's candidature for Prime ministership, Singh said the on-going debate on NDA's PM candidate was 'frivolous' as ideally it was for the Members of Parliament to decide about leadership after the next general elections. \"It's the practice in a democracy. I don't see myself as a candidate for chief ministership after the 2013 assembly polls. There could be someone else also. It's for the party and the MLAs to decide about the leader,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14400129", "title": "2 killed, 9 hurt in Bokaro accident", "text": "BOKARO: Two persons were killed and nine others injured when the vehicle in which they were travelling collided with a trailer parked on roadside near at ITI Mor on Monday. The victims in the vehicle were part of wedding party who were returning to Ghonakhoka village at Gomoh from Gopalpur village in Chas block of the district. The early morning incident occurred a few km away from Gopalpur.The deceased have been identified as Hemant Kumar Mandal and Amit Kumar Mandal. Hemant was an employee of Bharat Coking Coal Limited. The injured - including Laxmikant Mandal, Manoj Mandal, Kajal Mandal, Nirog Mandal, Dilip Mandal, Bhairav Mandal, Rajkishore and Bullu --have been admitted to K M Memorial Hospital, police said. A police officer said probably the passengers realized that they had taken a wrong route and asked the driver to return to ITI Mor. As the driver tried to turn the vehicle he lost control. and hit a trailer parked by the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14395754", "title": "Babulal Gaur keeps mum on delay in completion of BRTS corridor", "text": "INDORE: Urban development and administration minister Babulal Gaur was at a loss for words over delay in completion of Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor, which has become sore point for the Indoreans. Pilot BRTS of 11.5 km corridor from Rajeev Gandhi Square to Neeranjanpur has been delayed by over two and a half years.The minister could only say that the project has been delayed due to delay in release of fund from the Union government. However, when he was quizzed about the legal hitches and inability of local bodies in removing encroachments coming in the way of projects, the minister refused to say anything and denied taking any question related to it. \"I can only say that the project has been delayed due to delay in release of fund from the central government, that's it,\" said Gaur.Not only this, Indoreans will have to wait for minimum ten years for the proposed metro rail in the city. Preparation of a detailed project report (DPR) will only take at least five years from now. Following which, the government will arrange for the fund, tender will be called for work and then finally work will start, at least a decade from now. Earlier, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) was supposed to prepare the DPR for the project in six month at the cost of Rs 6 crore. Now, global tender will be called for the preparation of DPR. \"We will call global tender for the preparation of DPR of Indore and Bhopal metro and it will take around five years to complete the entire process,\" said Gaur, adding that metro will be start in phases and first phase may take a decade from now to complete.Meanwhile, in order to keep Narmada river clean the state government has decided to ban cremation of the body on the bank of Narmada. \"All the cremation activities will be shifted to 5km from the bank of Narmada,\" said Gaur, adding that all the necessary arrangements would be made for cremation at far away place from the bank of Narmada. Right now pollution level is just five per cent in Narmada and state government is determined to keep the river clean.For this, the state government has prepared a project of nearly Rs 1400 crore for cleaning 1077 km long stretch of river. The government has identified 53 small and big urban centres on the bank of the river or which are discharging their sewerage in the river. \"All these 53 urban centres will ask not to discharge their sewerage in the river. For treating their sewerage water and diverting it away from Narmada, the state government will give monetary support to them,\" said Gaur adding that the civic body would get Rs 15 lakh to Rs 1 crore depending on their size.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14398795", "title": "Road to hell", "text": "Tourism dominates everyday life in picturesque Candolim. The first five-star resort in Goa, Taj Fort Agauda, started here way back in the mid-70s. In the nearly four decades since, the village has changed beyond recognition with countless resorts, shacks, restaurants, boutiques, handicraft showrooms and all the other trappings of a tourist resort, even shops exclusively selling bikinis.Which is why anything that interferes with the rhythm of tourism here is like a spanner in the wheel; and that brings us to the Calangute-Candolim road. Come tourist season, October to April, this lone, albeit arterial road, that links the most vibrant coastal belt of the state, is a mess of traffic and daily congestions. Moving towards Calangute or anywhere beyond from Candolim, and vice versa, is a nerve-wracking experience, especially in the peak month of December.The problem with this road, says sarpanch Anna Marie Soares, is that it cannot be broadened any more nor made into a two-lane because of the constructions on either side. These structures are right up to the edge of the road, leaving no space for expansion, she adds.The only alternative, says former MLA Agnelo Fernandes, is to build a bypass from Sinquerim to Calangute via interior areas which would run parallel to the existing road.\"We're hoping that the new government does something,\" says Fermino Fernandes, an ex-sarpanch and present panch.But BJP Calangute MLA Michael Lobo is not inclined towards his Congress predecessor's bypass road proposal. \"I feel the existing road has to be extended on both sides. I've proposed that the government acquire two metres of land on either side of the road from the Calangute police station to Aguada. I will construct proper footpaths. We will not demolish any existing houses, but wherever there are illegal extensions, those will be demolished,\" says Lobo.He stresses that there is no provision in the budget for acquiring land for a bypass, \"but we are going to widen the road from Nerul bridge to Candolim\". He adds that in the first phase the road will be widened wherever possible.The solution to the problem of traffic congestion in Candolim, says Lobo, is not building new roads, but building new car-parking facilities. \"We are making a car park for 500 cars on government land in Candolim, at the end of 'Holiday Street'. And another car park is going to be built in the fields as you approach from the Nerul bridge towards Prazeres resort. No cars will be allowed to be parked on the roads, so that traffic can move freely.\"With money for the work already sanctioned by the central government, the government is also going to build changing rooms and toilets on the left side of the same approach road near the beach opposite the car park.Shivanand Sawant, proprietor of a popular medical store in the area, says, \"Both, the bypass and the car parks are needed at the rate things are growing here. There should be setbacks of three metres from the road for new constructions, not the present two metres. Also domestic tourists drive in a rash manner and clog up the roads.\"Another problem, he says, is that there is not a single Sulabh Sauchalya in Candolim, which causes grave difficulties for many people with health problems.Says Fermino, \"Candolim has flourished because of tourism in the past decade. Many of our people have built accommodation facilities and small guest-houses which they give on rent. They're doing very well. They're happy as they have a share in the tourism sector. Otherwise the big hotels are mostly owned by outsiders.\"According to former sarpanch Lourenco Fernandes, except for power shutdowns and a water problem, there are no major issues in the village \"because the panchayat is very responsive to the people's problems\". Everything gets taken care of. One major problem remains though: traffic congestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396899", "title": "Flyover exposes myopic vision of project officials of project officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: Locals said that the grave yard situated in village Ujariaon is around 100-year-old. It also comprises more than a dozen full grown trees, which, obviously, will have to be cut to pave way for the road.The issue has not only created a host of problems for the locals but has also exposed the myopic vision of authorities as they conceptualise the projects. \"There have been a host of issues attached with the project. It was nowhere needed in the first instance,\" said president of Gomtinagar Jal Kalyan Mahasamiti, Brikeshwar Tewari. He said that the use of the bridge was under question from the very beginning. \"We have been raising the issue, but authorities did not bother to consider it,\" he said.The flyover was initially conceptualised as a cycle and walking track during the previous Samajwadi Party government, when Mulayam Singh Yadav was the chief minister. Mayawati , soon after assuming power trashed the project and had got the flyover constructed.It was initially supposed to move into Vivek Khand. However the idea was shelved after what many said because of the pressure from some bureaucrats who owned the house in the locality. It was subsequently taken straight along Vijay Khand, even as PWD authorities justified it by citing high traffic volume moving along Lohia Path.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "muscat", "code": "14403923", "title": "India lose 1-2 to Iraq in Under-22 AFC Championship", "text": "MUSCAT: Alwyn George scored the lone goal for them as India went down fighting 1-2 against Iraq in their second match of the U-22 AFC Championship at the Royal Oman Police Stadium.Iraq captain Ali Mohammed Alialah headed in a Jawad Kadhim cross in the 35th minute after Jawad got past Vishal Kumar and had sneaked into the box. Ammar Abdul Hussein scored the second goal for Iraq in the 49th minute.Alwyn George pulled one back for India in the 82nd minute.Upfront, Captain Jeje Lalpekhlua limped off in the 38th minute and substitute Holicharan Narzary almost scored off his first touch with the ball - his header just off the target.His partner Manandeep was a man possessed. His passion reflected as he never shied away from tackles, making those off the ball runs and chased like everything depended on it.In the 42nd minute, he almost scored but Alialah was able to deflect it the last moment for a corner.Changing over, Iraq doubled the lead almost immediately after resumption - in the 49th minute through Ammar Abdul Hussein.Despite down by two goals, India didn't panic. Rather, they tried regrouped.After a string of passes in the 69th minute, Lalrindika Ralte's long-ranger almost beat the diving rival goalkeeper Yaseen Yas but Yas managed to palm it away for a corner. In the very next minute, Dika's free-kick hit the wall.India pressed and soon Dika and Allwyn's one-twos had the Iraqis guessing. In the 75th minute, Manandeep tried to tap in between the two stoppers but Yasees was quick to react.The Iraqis tried to slow down the game in the last quarter of the match but Alwyn was too good for them. He shrugged off three defenders and tap it over an onrushing Yaseen in the 82nd minute.The rest of the match, India went all out but Iraq managed to hold on. A handball shout was even ruled out. The books may suggest the score for future but the spirit and camaraderie will never be reflected in that. This is a resurgent India who plays till the final whistle.India next play United Arab Emirates on July 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401385", "title": "Loco factories to be built on PPP basis", "text": "PATNA: Railways' two proposed locomotive factories at Marhaura (diesel) in Saran and at Madhepura (electric) are to be built on public private partnership (PPP) basis. Railway minister Mukul Roy has given his nod to the two long-pending projects.According to a Railway Board official, the Cabinet committee on economic affairs had approved the two locomotive factories in 2007 itself. But work on these two factories has not started so far. He said railways is likely to shortlist bidders for these two factories through international committee bidding (ICB) in July or August this year.According to sources, railways would require about 2,000 electric locomotives annually for both passenger and goods trains by 2015-2016. It has been introducing several pairs of passenger trains across the country every year. The two proposed factories at Madhepura and Marhaura would meet the requirements of railways in future, sources said. A board official said railways would complete these factories in about 36 months from the date of agreement with private firms. While an electric loco manufacturing factory at Madhepura would be completed at an estimated cost of Rs 1,294 crore, the diesel loco factory at Marhaura is to be built at a cost of Rs 2,025 crore, he said.According to the board official, since railways has been carrying out work on two separate East and West freight corridors for free movement of goods traffic at a cost of Rs 50,000 crore, these two loco factories would help it cope with the huge demand for locomotives. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had recently reviewed railway projects and stressed on completing these two projects on priority basis, the official added. At present, railways has two locomotive factories located at Varanasi (diesel engine) and Chittraranjan (electric engine).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14397208", "title": "Mysore Board scanning records", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore Palace Board has started scanning records to determine the age of the heritage palace.This follows an objection by Mysore royal family scion Srikantadatta Narasimharaaja Wadiyar to the government's contention that the city's signature palace is 100 years old. \"We'll verify the records and cross-check,\" deputy commissioner PS Vastrad, who is executive officer of the board, said on Monday.On Wadiyar's contention that the palace reconstruction was completed in 1943 and that it isn't 100 years old yet, the DC said documents on that will be checked. \"The papers are being scanned to cross-check Wadiyar's contention,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14400323", "title": "Panjab University crammed with help desks for admissions", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Are you here for admissions? Allow us to be of some assistance. These words echo on the Panjab University campus nowadays. With their gaze like a hawk, the student organizations are leaving no stones unturned in offering guidance to admission seekers. They have installed help desks, distribute pamphlets, and some members even approach the students directly.The organizations' members ensure the students avoid queues and get over with the formalities quickly. Applicants feel that they get better assistance from the help desks, than the administration; as put by Surinder Kaur, who was at PU for admission.President of a student organization Manoj Lubana said, \"We got more than 3,600 forms photocopied and distributed these to the applicants.\" PUSU members were noticed detailing students on the admission criteria and the prerequisites. PUSU member Ranjit Singh said, \"No one can be expected to read the entire handbook of university admissions. We provide all the required information to the candidates, so they feel at ease.\"Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) members even used Facebook for the purpose. They informed the students about the seats available and the entrance dates.Despite the help desks, there are some applicants who prefer to visit the administrative office, which is why the offices still remain crowded from morning till evening. \"The student organizations help applicants just to woo them as voters. We are available in all times,\" Dharampal Sharma, inquiry in charge at the administrative counter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14395858", "title": "Bank manager among three held for forgery", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths busted a gang involved in crating fake documents and arrested three persons including a bank manager on Monday.After maintaining a sustained vigil on Chestna Educational Consultancy at Balkampet, East Zone team of the Task Force arrested its owner K Govind Reddy, his associates, MVL Murthy, senior branch manger of UCO Bank, Hyderabad, and G Satyanarayana Reddy of Borabanda.Police said that Govind Reddy was into forging bank documents, bank loan sanction letters, charted account reports, civil engineer reports, sale deed copies, rental deeds by collecting Rs 20,000 each from the needy customers. UCO bank manager Murthy assisted the clients of Govind Reddy to open savings accounts at his branch and issued falsified loan sanction letters on the UCO Bank letter heads. \"He used to collect Rs 5,000 as commission for each letter,\" Task Force inspector RG Shiva Maruthi said.The other accused, Sathyanarayana, also would prepare various fake documents and supply them to Govind Reddy.Police seized 33 fake stamps, 70 blank letter heads of various nationalized banks, 235 blank letters of various charter accountants, three computers and other incriminating material from the possession of the accused. They were handed over to SR Nagar police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14400176", "title": "Team Anna demands Virbhadra Singh\u2019s resignation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Emboldened by the Shimla court order slapping charges of conspiracy and corruption against Union minister Virbhadra Singh and his wife, Team Anna demanded his resignation from the Union Cabinet. The group also saw this as a vindication of its demand for an independent probe into corruption allegations against the PM and 14 Cabinet ministers.\"Verdict of Shimla court framing charges against former Himachal CM vindicates the stand of India Against Corruption (IAC). We demand his immediate resignation,\" a Team Anna statement said.Team Anna also said Singh should not be made Congress's chief ministerial candidate in the forthcoming assembly elections in Himachal Pradesh.\"This verdict also shows that the evidence presented by IAC against the 15 ministers is credible and actionable,'' the statement said. Referring to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, the group said she had termed their allegations baseless while the verdict had proved otherwise.\"PM has categorically refused to get any independent investigation done in these cases. This is unfortunate. We are confident that if independent investigations were done in these cases, most of these 15 ministers would be in jail,\" the statement said reiterating its intention to sit on anshan from July 25 at Jantar Mantar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14403236", "title": "'Over 80 technical, management colleges closed shop this year'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Over 80 colleges in the area of technical and management studies have closed shop this year so far, with majority of them being management colleges, a top AICTE official said on Monday.\"81 colleges have closed down this year and out of which 50 colleges are of management and 8 are engineering colleges and rest in other streams,\" All India Council For Technical Education (AICTE) chairman SS Mantha told reporters here.\"Maximum number of colleges which closed down their operations are in Andhra Pradesh,\" Mantha said, adding that 41 technical colleges across the country wound up their operations last year.When asked about the reason behind the closure of such a large number of management colleges, Mantha said that at present, only those management schools or colleges were being preferred that had tie-ups with the industry to provide practical training to students to improve their skills.Currently, there are over 11,000 technical colleges including 3,700 polytechnic, 3,900 engineering and 3,800 management schools, operating in the country and bulk of these colleges are located in the southern part of the country.Asked about number of new colleges coming up this year, Mantha said AICTE has received requests for opening up of 315 colleges so far, out of which 174 are polytechnic ones.According to an estimate, about 25 lakh passouts from all ITIs and polytechnic colleges in the country while the industry requirement is of about 1.3 crore.\"AICTE has even launched a National Vocational Education Qualification Framework (NVEQF) to attract more students and provide them skill in different industry verticals to make them employable,\" Mantha said.A significant part of this framework would be that students would be given multi-level entry and exit options to enable them to seek employment after Class XII, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396868", "title": "Metropolitan Transport Corporation told to pay up Rs 6.3 lakh for death of woman", "text": "CHENNAI: Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) authorities have been directed to pay Rs 6.3 lakh (Rs 6,38,860) as compensation for an accident that resulted in the death of 48-year-old V Dhanalakshmi due to negligent driving. S Meenakshisundaram, chief judge, small causes court, passed orders on the matter.The incident occurred on October 25, 2008, when she was riding pillion with her son V Mohanasundaram on a two-wheeler. They were going from T Nagar to Velachery along Velachery Main Road. When they were close to the junction near Five Furlong Road in Guindy, their vehicle was hit from behind by a bus which was driven in a rash and negligent manner. Due to the collision, Dhanalakshmi sustained fatal injuries as she was sitting on the rear side of the vehicle while her son was in front.Pointing out that the accident was wholly due to the bus driver's fault, the judge ruled that the MTC was liable to pay compensation to the petitioners, namely M Veeraraghavan - husband, sons V Chandrasekaran and Mohanasundaram and their daughter V Jayanti Kumari. While they had claimed compensation of Rs 8 lakh in their petition, their plea was partly allowed, with the judge granting an award of Rs 6.38 lakh at an interest of 7.5% per annum.According to data revealed through RTI queries in 2011, MTC buses killed 651 people in 633 accidents on city roads in the last five years. As many as 143 people die every year due to accidents involving MTC buses while at least 11 people were killed in such accidents every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398239", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 91 lakh stolen from Vastral shop", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two people have been charged with stealing gold and silver jewellery from a shop in Vastral after they were caught on CCTV cameras. The shop-owner put the value of the stolen ornaments at Rs 90.71 lakh in his complaint with the Ramol police station officials on Monday morning. The investigators, however, say something is not right as it is unusual for a jewellery shop to keep such high-value ornaments in an area like Vastral on the outskirts of the city.Police officials add Hardik Shah owns Ghunghroo Jewellers in Vastral. On Monday morning, his neighbours in the shopping complex called him up to inform him that his shop was lying open and they suspected it had been burgled. Shah rushed there and found that most of the gold and silver jewellery, kept on display and in storage, was missing.\"The complaint says the thieves stole 2.8 kilograms of gold jewellery and 12 kilograms of silver jewellery along with Rs 1.16 lakh cash and the CPU of the computer,\" a police official said. \"Shah has mentioned that his relative Ravi Shah, a resident of Tharad in Banaskanta and his friend Jaggi had come to his home on Sunday and may have stolen the keys to the shop then to commit the crime. Both Shah and Ravi don't get along despite being relatives.\"The cops believe the CPU may have been stolen to delete the CCTV footage, but it was stored on a server and was not affected. Its analysis showed that the theft took place between 5 am and 5.30 am on Monday.Ramol police station inspector CL Solanki said the footage clearly shows Ravi in the shop. \"We have started searching for the two,\" he added. \"The theft could be the fallout of a financial feud between Shah and Ravi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "14400251", "title": "Hearing of BCC councillors held after court order", "text": "BELGAUM: Following a Dharwad high court circuit bench order, secretary of urban development department, Srinivas Acharya, conducted a personal hearing of the councilors of Belgaum City Corporation (BCC) here on Monday. Acharya heard the councillors one by one and recorded the same. Councilors expressed their views on 20 lapses found by the government over the functioning of the council body, based on which the BCC was dissolved in December 2011. The government order was set aside by the HC recently, re-instating the elected council body.The Court had also asked the government to hear the queries of councilors in person.Most of the councillors expressed their views in writing, while some did so both in verbal and in writing. Two councilors were absent. Sanjeev Prabhu, one of the respondents in court against the government order, speaking to the media after his hearing said, the government had taken a hasty decision in dissolving BCC. According to the government, BCC had to conduct 684 council and standing committee meetings but ironically BCC functioned for only 471 days, though it was in power for 1,340 days, he said. Belgaum City Corporation could not conduct meetings for 548 days because of election model code of conducts, besides, taking into account the Sundays, holidays and second Saturdays. Secondly, the meetings couldn't happen in expected numbers because of shortage of staff. No new staff had been recruited since 1984. Around 2,500 staff members were required according to the city population but it stood below 1,300.Prabhu said, as mentioned in the 20 points of the government, nobody had opposed the civic reception of Jnanpith awardee Chandrasekhar Kambar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur/dhanbad/ramgarh/daltonganj/hazaribag", "code": "14400060", "title": "Strike paralyzes health services in districts", "text": "Jamshedpur/Dhanbad/Ramgarh/Daltonganj/Hazaribag: The Indian Medical Association (IMA)-sponsored nationwide strike partially affected the normal outdoor services in the government-run Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Hospital, Sadar hospitals and primary health centers in three districts of Seraikela-Kharswan, East and West Singhbhums in the Kolhan division with doctors staying away from duty on Monday.The dawn-to-dusk protest called by the Jharkhand Health Services Association ( JHSA) on the appeal by the IMA against introduction of the National Commission for Human Resources for Health (NCHRH) Bill and Bachelor's Degree in Rural Health Care (BRHC) by the Union government received overwhelming support from the doctors.\"The one-day strike is a token strike to impress upon the government to bring comprehensive amendments to the NCHRH and BRHC bill. We are satisfied with overwhelming support to our bandh call in the Kolhan division,\" said Dr Mritunjay Singh, secretary, IMA, Jamshedpur chapter.\"Alternative arrangements have been made at PHCs to ensure availability of emergency services,\" said East Singhbhum district civil surgeon Dr Vibha Saran.The MGM hospital in Jamshedpur was moderately affected by the strike as several of the doctors at the outdoor patient department (OPD) were on strike.\"The OPD services have been affected and we have asked the regular cases to report tomorrow. However services in the emergency ward are normal and effective,\" said hospital superintendent Dr Shiv Shankar Prasad.In Dhanbad, nursing homes, hospitals and clinics remained closed in the entire coal belt. However, emergency services functioned as usual. Dr A K Singh, IMA president, Jharkhand, led a protest rally of doctors from Randhir Verma Circle to the deputy commissioner's office and submitted a memorandum to the DC opposing the proposed act to regulate the medical services and hospitals in the country.Dr Singh said the strike was total in Jharia, Katras, Baghmara and Nirsa too. There are over 1,000 members of IMA in Dhanbad district.Health services across the district were paralyzed in Ramgarh. Most of the primary health centers (PHC) in all six blocks of the district remained closed as no doctor turned up for duty while some striking doctors of district headquarters provided emergency services in upgraded Sadar hospital in Ramgarh.Ramgarh district unit president of the IMA Dr. K N Prasad said all 95 members of the IMA in Ramgarh district joined the strike.Serving and retired government doctors did not write any prescription in their clinics in Daltonganj. The IMA unit of Palamu sat on a dharna in the government sadar hospital here.In Hazaribag's Sadar Hospital, outdoor patients department (OPD) remained closed. Private clinics and nursing homes closed their establishment forcing the patients coming from the rural belts to return. The rural patients and their relatives claimed that they were unaware of today's strike and reached the clinics and nursing homes which they found locked.However doctors claimed that more than 150 members of the IMA joined the strike and patients were treated in the emergency ward of the hospital. He said some major operations and delivery of babies took place with proper care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14403029", "title": "IGNOU launches three courses on Mahatma Gandhi and Peace Studies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) has launched three new modular programmes on Mahatma Gandhi and Peace Studies.Admissions to the courses -- MA in Gandhi and Peace Studies (MAGPS), PG Diploma in Gandhi and Peace Studies (PGDGPS) and PG Certificate in Gandhi and Peace Studies (PGCGPS) -- will commence from next month, a IGNOU release said.According to the University, the MAGPS programme, which can be completed between two and five years, provides in-depth knowledge in Gandhian thoughts, peace studies and conflict resolution. A graduate in any discipline is eligible to join the programme for July 2012 session.The PGDGPS programme, which can be completed between one to three years, imparts knowledge particularly on the ideas of Gandhi on social, economic, political, sustainable and environmental issues.\"It develops peace methods from the inter-disciplinary perspectives to train the participants in peace making and conflict resolution in real life situations. The diploma holders can then join media, NGOs or opt for teaching and research,\" the release said.The PGCGPS programme is of minimum six months and maximum two years duration which shall comprehend Gandhi's vision of peace and non-violent activism. \"It shall widen the horizon of student to understand the Gandhi's concept of world order for global peace and security,\" the University said.The last date to apply for all these programmes is July 30 without late fee, and August 14 with late fee of Rs 200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14396617", "title": "Minister bans 'corrupt' principal from school", "text": "MALDA: Minister in charge of women and social welfare Sabitri Mitra on Monday visited a school in the district and after taking stock of the (mis)management of the school authority, she ordered the managing committee not to allow the principal to enter the school premises.\"I had received complaints on irregularities in the school from the guardians, teachers and even some committee members. So I visited the school as the local MLA and a minister and found papers that prove all allegations to be true. The principal has no right to be in the chair. I've asked the managing committee not to allow him in the school,\" Mitra fumed. Nazibul Haque, the principal, was not in the school during Mitra's visit on Monday.It was alleged that students of Kalindri High School did not get midday meal for over months though rice meant for it was regularly withdrawn from government godowns. Sacks of rice - with worms feasting on them - were found piled up in three rooms of the school. Dispute over self-help groups assigned to cook the meal was cited as the reason for the unavailability of midday meals. Guardians also complained that there was no transparency in money collected from students as admission fee.Principal Nazibul Haque, when contacted over phone, refused to comment, saying, \"I don't know anything, I won't comment.\"Mitra entered the school at 2.30pm and checked all papers and rooms. Later she talked with some members of the managing committee and the teachers. She locked all the papers in a locker, and also the principal's office, and said, \"Huge quantity of midday meal grains were found lying rotten in three room. A sack of rice was also found in the principal's room. Midday meal has been suspended since 2011 and cooks of SHG are not getting their wages, which amount to Rs 16,000. The principal has not been coming for over five months without informing the managing committee. He also misappropriated fund received for installing computers and building a gate.\"The minister went on, \"Around 100 cheques received for minorities lapsed for this principal. Around 100 more are going to get lapsed soon. He kept all files in his house. I have asked the district inspector of schools (DI) to inquire into the matter and lodge a complaint against him. I think the principal should be imprisoned.\"DI Partha Jha said, \"We had received complaints regarding irregularities in this school. A team from our office would visit the school on Tuesday and if found guilty, the principal might be suspended.\" However, he refused to comment on the minister's intervention and locking up the office by her own.Though Mitra's action was hailed by teachers and the guardians, questions were raised on her action. \"If the principal misused funds, there are procedures of taking action against him. Such an intervention of a minister is not approved by our party and the chief minister as well,\" said her party colleague Dulal Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398829", "title": "Intelligence agencies were on insider Jundal\u2019s trail for long", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the unmistakable Indian accent in the 26/11 terror tapes had alerted intelligence agencies about an insider hand in the Mumbai attacks in 2008; it took them about a year to zero in on LeT operative Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal who was reportedly arrested here on June 21.Before him, two more names of alleged LeT operatives \u2014 Abdul Wari and Mohammed Shahid Abdul alias Shahid Bilal who hail from Hyderabad and suspected to be holed up in Pakistan \u2014 were under the scanner. However, in the course of verification both names were eliminated. While Bilal was found to have died in Pakistan well before the Mumbai attacks, Wari had been living in Dubai for long and was not found to have any links with the 26/11 conspiracy.A close associate of LeT's Rasool Party (accused of organizing the 2003 murder of Gujarat Home Minister Haren Pandya), Bilal fled to Pakistan sometime in 2005 and became chief of India operations of LeT's offshoot HUJI working out of Lahore.Wari is known to have left Hyderabad for Dubai around 18 years ago. There, he was recruited by LeT operatives and his name had cropped up during 2002-03 Mumbai blasts.Since both were part of LeT modules and had close connections with Mumbai, they were on the agencies' radar.Investigations, however, found that Bilal had been murdered along with his brother Samad in August, 2007, (more than a year before the Mumbai attacks) by his rivals in Pakistan. Wari had been off the radar for long and was not found to be active with LeT's India operations during that time.Agencies tracked down Ansari, a resident of Beed district in Maharashtra and an accused in the 2005 Aurangabad arms haul case, as the accent in the intercepted conversations had been found to have a Mumbai lilt.It was only in 2010, however, that agencies were confirmed of Jundal's identity as Zabiuddin Ansari.Sources said, it took a year-long operation for agencies to get him to India through Saudi Arabia and finally land him in Delhi Police net.Interestingly, however, Ansari may soon be taken in custody by the National Investigation Agency (NIA), which is investigating the 26/11 case in connection with the involvement of David Coleman Headley. Over a week before his arrest, an NIA team had been camping in Beed collecting information on him to confirm his identity.While senior officers were tightlipped about whether they would take Ansari's custody soon, sources said it would help their case against Headley and Hafiz Saeed as Ansari is the first handler to have been apprehended in the 26/11 case in India.Who is Ansari?Born on November 13, 1981, Ansari grew up in Gevrai. His father, Zakiuddin Ansari, worked as a small-time insurance agent, struggling to bring up five daughters and his only son.Ansari studied at Gevrai's Zilla Parishad-run High School up to standard X, and then trained to be an electrician at the Indian Technical Institute in Beed. He was pursuing his post-graduate degree at the Navgan Shikshan Sanstha College when he became a fugitive.Little is known about how Ansari got into LeT, but it could be traced to the communal riots across Maharashtra, particularly those in Umapur, not far from Gevrai between 1984 and 1986.The demolition of the Babri Masjid in 1992 and the defacement of a Shivaji statue (2001) added to the communal tensions there.Ansari came in touch with the Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) for solutions. His name first cropped up as a close aide to key Aurangabad-based members of the Islamist organization \u2014 among them Mohammad Amir Shakeel Ahmad \u2014 in 1999.In 2001, Gujarat Police say, Ansari met Khalid Sardana, a Jammu and Kashmir resident studying at a state seminary, to discuss sending SIMI cadres for arms training.Later that year, Sardana took several of Aurangabad men to train with Lashkar units in the Surankote mountains, near Poonch.Investigators believe Ansari was present at the meeting. Following the 2002-communal pogrom in Gujarat, Mumbai-based SIMI operative Rahil Sheikh was tasked with sending SIMI volunteers to Lashkar-run camps through the porous Iran-Pakistan border. Among the first to go, police says, was Ansari.Most of Sheikh's operatives were raised after the 2002 communal pogrom. While many of his plans failed with the arrest of key aides like Feroze Ghaswala, Sheikh continued to work on retaliatory operations.In 2005, he shipped Kalashnikov rifles and military-grade explosives into Aurangabad, using organized crime networks to transport them from Karachi.Police say Ansari was to lead a group of Lashkar-trained Indian jihadists who would have used the equipment to assassinate Gujarat CM Narendra Modi \u2014 an operation that would have closely resembled the November, 2008, attack on Mumbai in its tactics and execution.Though 11 SIMI-linked men were arrested after the intelligence services penetrated the plot, Ansari evaded police in a high-speed chase, and escaped to Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14400153", "title": "Toothbrush turns 514 with trendy teeth", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Our morning routine is incomplete without a toothbrush, which is essential for oral hygiene. After travelling a long journey from hair from hogs' neck to the nylon bristles, the toothbrush on Tuesday turns 514.Each year saw it brushing up its looks, but it has never looked so fanciful as it looks now. If Mickey mouse, angry birds, fairies, Dora and Barbie dolls adore some, others come with Superman and Doraemon. Rasna Sachar, a resident of Sector 35, says, \"My daughter loves to use a fancy toothbrush. It is difficult to make her use a normal one.\"\"Children love to brush with their favourite cartoon characters. It makes the task enjoyable for them,\" says Riana Malhotra of Sector 35.Besides looks, they have other attractive features too. Some are battery powered and others electrical. The musical ones make brushing melodious and those with timers ensure your teeth get the right care. Toothbrushes with pressure sensors too are a hit.Paavan Malhotra, a PU student, prefers using an electrical brush. \"I use electrical brushes. As these have timers and pressure sensors, I do not have to bother about timing and the application of pressure,\" he smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396577", "title": "Seafarer\u2019s day celebrated", "text": "CHENNAI: Seafarer's coordination and maritime organisations celebrated the 'Day of seafarer' in the city on Monday. Commodore Amar K Mahadevan, Naval officer in charge, Chennai, was the chief guest of the programme.P Mishra, principal officer of the mercantile marine department said the Indian maritime sector and seafarers are witnessing major challenges and changes from the industry and trade. \"The issues of seafarers have to be discussed. Piracy, increasing number of accidents should be studied,\" Mishra said.K Vivekanand, one of the leaders of seafarers coordination said the maritime industry offers better career opportunities for youth.Captain Krishnamurthi, president of Nautical Institute, London, Satya Prakash Sharma, inspector general, Coast Guard, Manoj Joy, Sailors Helpline national coordinator, K Sreekumar, regional inspector of International Transport Workers Federation also took part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396777", "title": "Times Chennai Festival: Javed Ali ready to croon for city", "text": "CHENNAI: Had he not been a singer, Javed Ali would have either been a composer or an instrumentalist. But music would always have been a part of his life. \"I come from a family of musicians and began learning music from the age of five,\" says Ali who will perform today at Music Academy for the Times Chennai Festival.As a child, he used to hum the songs of Ustad Ghulam Ali, Mehdi Hassan, Lata Mangeshkar and Mohammed Rafi. It was his father, Ustad Hamid Hussain, a popular qawwali singer, who taught him the first musical notes. Ali started performing with his father at shows. During one such show Anandji of the Kalyanji-Anandji duo appreciated his voice and asked him to try playback singing.Since then there has been no looking back. From lending his voice to popular ad jingles like Parachute, Fair and Lovely, Pepsi and IndusInd Bank, Ali moved on to Bollywood. His first break was the Govinda-and-Rambha-starrer 'Beti No 1' (2000), which had music composed by Viju Shah. However, Ali shot to fame in 2008 with the AR Rahman composition 'Jashn-E-Bahaara' from 'Jodhaa Akbar' directed by Ashutosh Gowarikar. Some of his popular numbers include 'Ek Din Teri Raahon Mein' from 'Naqaab', 'Guzarish' from 'Ghajini', 'Tu hi haqeeqat' from 'Tum Mile', 'Arziyan' from 'Delhi 6' and 'Kajra Re' from 'Bunty Aur Babli'.Ali has also sung for Tamil movies - 'Kilimanjaro' from the superhit movie 'Enthiran', 'Chinnanjirusuga Manasukkul' alongside Bela Shende for 'Kungumapoovum Konjumpuraavum' composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja and 'Siragugal' from the movie 'Sarvam'.Ali feels his fresh voice made him a choice for the movies in south. \"No one recommended my name. By the time I took a plunge in Tamil cinema, my songs from movies like 'Jodhaa Akbar' were already a hit. I had sung for Rahman and my voice had come to the notice of other composers as well,\" he says.He feels Malayalam is the toughest language, followed by Tamil. \"I enjoy singing in Tamil and take every assignment as a challenge,\" he says.Ali is excited about performing in Chennai for the first time. \"People here have a different taste in music. They treat music and the singers very seriously and I like it,\" he says. \"While the audience in the north is swept by the genre of song sung by a singer, people down south regard a singer for his singing abilities more.\"(The co-host for the event is Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers. Complimentary invites to all events and performances are available at The Times of India office on Chamiers Road in Nandanam)Today's schedule: Cookery class at Lotus in The Park between 3pm and 5pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14400042", "title": "Cops act tough against erring candidates", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Cracking a whip against contestants violating the election code of conduct during the urban local bodies' polls, police have lodged as many as 32 cases under different sections against contestants and their supporters. These cases were lodged with Dhoomanganj, Kotwali, Attarsuiya, Colonelganj, Kareli, Cantt, Mutthiganj, Khuldabad, Daraganj and Georgetown police stations. Interestingly, all the cases have been registered against contestants on the different charges like violation of section 144, violation of election code of conduct, campaigning without permission and violating the norms by installing hoardings on electric and telephone poles without valid permission. Cops have also seized more than 70 vehicles including SUVs being taken for campaigning without permission.District police chief, SSP Naveen Arora said that station officers, thana incharges have been strictly asked to act against contestants and their supporters involved in violation of election code of conduct. \"Police have till date registered 32 cases with different police stations against candidates and their supporters,\" he added.He further maintained that he has instructed his subordinates to ensure deposition of the arm licenses with concerned police stations/arms shops and it is expected that around 12,329 licensed weapons would be deposited within 24 hours.Elaborate arrangements have been made for smooth conduct of June 27 polling for nagar nigam and nagar panchayat elections. The police have also decided to set up barriers at 23 spots and barricading would also be done for the same.More than 11.69 lakh voters including 6.62 lakh male and 5.06 female voters would cast their franchise in the local body polls on June 27. There are 285 polling centres and 1,261 polling booths of which 82 and 75 have been placed under sensitive and hyper-sensitive polling booths. The district has been divided into 22 zones and 45 sectors for smooth polling and a large number of police personnel - nearly 5,000 jawans, including 10 companies of PAC would be deployed to ensure free and fair polling.Apart from policemen from Allahabad district police, one additional SP, four DySPs, four inspectors, 115 sub-inspectors, 78 head constables, 857 constables and 1,900 homeguards have been called in from neighbouring Kaushambi, Fatehpur and Pratapgarh districts for conducting peaceful polls.Police of neighbouring districts too would be roped in to help the Allahabad police after barricading on borders, said district police chief.The SSP further said that police are carrying out checking to implement code of conduct and under the operations, over 3,900 persons have been booked under 107/116 of CrPC. As per police records, illicit arms (country-made pistols), 56 bombs, 110 live cartridges and several vehicles have been seized by the police.The SSP informed that the district police officials would set up check-posts on inter-state and inter-district borders.The police, with the help of district administration, have already identified sensitive and hyper-sensitive polling booths and additional forces would be deployed during polls. In fact, armed policemen along with mobile vans would be deployed for patrolling where there would be clusters of sensitive polling booths. Teams of cameramen have also been deployed to monitor the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401046", "title": "Short-circuits spark 75% city fires", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 75% of fires in the city occur because of short-circuit caused by loose wiring. The reason, officially called defective electric circuits (DEC), was behind 9,711 of 13,185 fires in the last three years. RTI activist Chetan Kothari, who obtained the data through a plea, said to prevent fires, the cause of every incident should be found and scientifically studied. \"For example, we know that throwing away lit cigarette butts can cause fires. Will you be surprised , then, to know that indeed they do? As per the reply to my RTI plea, 1,806 fires between April 2009 and January 2012 were caused by careless smoking or improper disposal of cigarette butts and matchsticks.\"The data reveals that short-circuits mostly occur in old buildings, especially in densely populated areas or crowded markets. In the period mentioned , the maximum number of short-circuits occurred around Memonwada fire station, which has busy markets like Bhendi Bazaar, followed by Byculla, Mulund, Worli, Chembur , Andheri, Gowalia Tank and Dharavi , all thickly populated areas. The Mantralaya fire, too, is not an exception to this trend since the secretariat building is old.An application filed under the Right to Information Act by activist Chetan Kothari has revealed that short-circuit , the reason for most of the fires in the city, usually occurs in buildings in crowded localities. A fire expert said that had the authorities gone through the data and taken preventive action, Mantralaya could have been saved. \"The non-renewal of wiring capacity against increased load because of additional equipment ultimately results in overheating and fire. This phenomenon is common to all old, ill-maintained establishments ,\" said an expert.Power expert Ashok Pendse recommends regular checking of earth wires, circuit breakers and fuses, which cut off power supply if a shor t-circuit occurs. \"Also, one should use gadgets with quality certification from well-known agencies.\"According to a Mantralaya source, though there are rules for electrification and maintenance, \"there are not enough men and machinery to ensure that these are followed in letter and spirit\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14400921", "title": "Mahi death: 36 hours on, police yet to arrest Rohtash Tayal", "text": "GURGAON: It will take quite some time before Mahi's family members can hold anyone responsible for the tragic death that occurred after the four-year-old child fell into a 68-foot-deep borewell in Kasan village of Manesar.The district administration has put the onus on the owner of the property, Rohtash Tayal, who had dug up the illegal borewell pit right outside the house, by registering an FIR against him. The police at their end have added Section 304A of the IPC for causing death due to negligence.However, even 36 hours after Mahi's decomposed body was fished out of the pit following a gruelling 80-hour-long operation by Army personnel, police are yet to nab Tayal. The landowner has been on the run and genuine efforts by either the police or the administration (by exerting pressure on the police) seemed to be lacking. Officials, who might at some level be responsible for the mishap, have become a part of a magisterial inquiry that was ordered soon after the incident occurred.According to a senior police officer, they have been in \"touch\" with their Delhi counterparts. \"We have formed teams which are conducting raids at possible hideouts. The police are also in touch with the family members who are being interrogated. If he does not turn up or it takes a long time for us to finally arrest him, we might confiscate his property,\" said the police officer.Mahi's body was pulled out on Sunday afternoon following a dramatic 80-hour-long rescue operation carried out by the Army. She was however declared dead shortly afterwards. According to the post-mortem report, the girl died within six hours of accidentally falling into the ditch on Wednesday nige cause of death was asphyxiation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14399200", "title": "Auto union protests joint crackdown by RTO, cops", "text": "NASHIK: Rallying against the joint campaign by the Regional Transport Office (RTO), and the traffic department of the police commissionerate, auto drivers mostly the owners of the vehicles on Monday took out a protest march in the city and presented a memorandum to the district collector, appealing to the concerned authorities to stop targeting only them.The RTO and the traffic police are on a month-long campaign against erring motorists. The drive was aimed at curbing the practice where auto drivers accomodate passengers on the driver's seat in front, or operata without a functioning meterthe joint action by the two departments is currently targeting such drivers.RTO sources said that the drive began on June 21 and since then action has been taken on as many as 191 rickshaws out of which 131 have been detainedfor either driving front seat or operating without a functioning meter. Sources added that while cases pertaining to breach of permit conditions were sent to the court, for non-permit related offenses, the auto drivers or auto owners were slapped with a fine.Auto permits for driver'sferrying passengers on the front seat of auto rickshaws that are found operating with front seats have been suspended for 15 days while permits of autorickshaws found operating without meters have been suspended for seven days.Rickshaws detained for not having functional meters will be handed over to their concerned owners after a week's time.The RTO has also been retaining vehicle documents and said that it would be handing them back only after the concerned rickshaw owners have functioning meters. The police said that the detention has affected the drivers' revenue since the rickshaws have been detained for seven to 15 days, it has been directly affecting the daily source of income of rickshaw drivers and ownersand this would therefore ensure that they would be more careful before violating the law next timethe next time auto drivers would think twice before operating without meters or taking front seats in their respective autos.DCP Sunil Phulari who initiated the joint campaign said that the basic purpose of the campaign with the RTO was to ensure strict action against motorists who flout norms as per the the Motor Vehicle Act, and considering that the RTO has more power than the police to take stricter action against errant motorists the joint effort was therefore necessary.Responding the protest march, the DCP said that the police and RTO will continue with their campaign against errant driverswithout paying attention to such agitations.Murli Ghorpade of People's Republican Party Rickshaw Union said that they were not against the joint drive by the police and RTO, but since the concerned departments were taking action only against autos, it appeared that the drivers were being singled out as targets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398390", "title": "Trucks loads of poppy seeds seized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A large haul of poppy seeds smuggled from Karachi into Gujarat was seized on SG Road. Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials apprehended the consignment when it was loaded into trucks from a container near a hotel on the road.DRI has seized 496 bags of poppy seeds each weighing 50 kgs which were imported under the garb of carom seeds (Ajwain) at Mundra Port. City-based Oswal Agro Food Products had imported the seeds from Pakistan.However, the consignment of poppy seeds, along with carom seeds skipped the eyes of customs officials at Mundra port, and was seized while it was loaded on trucks for deliveries in Ahmedabad and Mumbai. Sources said that a part of the consignment is missing , which made DRI officials carry out searches at a few poppy seeds users in Vadodara and Mumbai.\"Smuggling of poppy seeds from Pakistan into India has been going on for quite some time. However, it's for the first time in recent years that such a huge haul has been seized in Gujarat. Investigations have revealed that Oswal Agro is a fictitious company,\" said a DRI official.Sources said that soon after the consignment was seized, DRI officials raided the office of Oswal Agro, which from the records with customs department was at SG Road.\"The company doesn't exist on the address given to the customs department. The imports were made under the name of Oswal Agro by Jayesh Patel. The laboratory reports have confirmed that the consignment is of poppy seeds and we have begun a search for Patel and others,\" the official said.Sources said the consignment might be of the illegally grown poppy in Afghanistan , which is often being smuggled into India. An official said that exports of poppy seeds to India have seen a surge in the last three years and several consignments haven seized in Mumbai, Chennai and Jaipur.\"Consignments are generally sent from Karachi to Turkey's Merzin Free Trade Zone (FTZ) and there mixed with different pulses and sent to India. We believe the import at Mundra was carried out by an Ahmedabad-based company which has been earlier caught of carrying out illicit trades,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14399542", "title": "Briton laughed after shooting Anuj Bidve", "text": "LONDON: 'Psycho Stapleton', a Briton who admitted shooting Indian student Anuj Bidve on December 26 last laughed and ran away after the incident, the Manchester Crown Court was told on the first day of his trial on Monday. Kiaran Stapleton, 21, had earlier pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility , but not guilty of murder of Bidve, 23.His plea was not accepted by the Crown prosecution service and he now stands trial for murder. Stapleton 'smirked or laughed' after he walked up to Bidve and shot him through the head, the Crown Court was told during the day's proceedings on Monday.Stapleton approached Bidve and his friends in the street in Salford and asked them at least once what the time was. One of the group answered and without warning Stapleton produced a gun, put it to the head of Bidve and fired a shot, which killed him, the court was told during the trial that is expected to last 12 days. The Bidve family has travelled from Pune to attend the trial.Opening the case, prosecutor Brian Cummings told the Crown Court: \"Anuj Bidve immediately fell to the ground, fatally injured. The gunman smirked or laughed and ran off.\" He told the jury that Stapleton had pleaded guilty to his manslaughter three weeks ago but continues to deny murder. The defence are likely to call expert psychological and psychiatric evidence in the trial.Bidve, who was a student of Microelectronics at Lancaster University, was on his way from his hotel walking through Ordsall to the Boxing Day sales in Manchester city centre with a group of other Indian students when he was killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14396192", "title": "Wimbledon: Venus Williams loses as Novak Djokovic starts with a bang", "text": "LONDON: The tragic and the triumphant. Contrasting storylines of champions past and present -- five-time winner Venus Williams and defending champion Novak Djokovic -- punctuated the opening day's play at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships on Monday with results that were both rough and routine.While Venus, the eight-time finalist at the All England Club, bowed out to Elena Vesnina on a court dubbed the graveyard of champions, Djokovic destroyed another former world No.1 Spain's Juan Carlos Ferrero on a sun-kissed centre court.Djokovic raced to a 6-3, 6-3, 6-1 win in 98 minutes, barely breaking a sweat.Venus, who suffers from Sjogren's syndrome, a systemic autoimmune disease, was short of rhythm and out of range as she bowed out 1-6, 3-6 in 72-minutes to a player ranked 83 in the world and better known for her doubles skills.The 32-year-old long-legged ace, who was attired in an elegant thigh-slashed, box-pleat dress, with her dread-locked hair pulled back in a no-nonsense knot, was a shadow of the champion player she once was. The former world No.1, whose singles ranking is down to a pedestrian No. 58, and up against a player who is known to struggle with her nerve and serve, in that order, the towering American complimented her opponent.\"I have to credit Vesnina, she served very well and hardly made any errors,\" Venus said, \"I did my best. I didn't have the best start today. I don't think that helped. Players like her have been on the Tour long. They know how to hold on to a game, how to hold serve.\"Venus, who appeared to be on her way back in the roller-coaster second set, twice coming close to breaking her opponent, before forcing the Russian to serve out the match, failed to drive home the advantage.Vesnina, who showed excellent shot selection, did well to crawl out of a 0-30 hole in the ninth game to shut the door on the champion. Venus then made the long trek back from court No.2 slowly, heavy stride and stony-faced. She, however, typically made light of the loss saying, \"I've lost before, I know how to deal with it. It is as simple as that.\" Venus refused to talk about her illness, saying, \"I come into tournaments with a positive attitude, wanting to do my best. I don't feel like talking about it now.\"To say that Venus didn't like the question was putting it mildly. \"I feel like I am a great player,\" she said, before correcting herself, \"I am a great player. Unfortunately I have had to deal with circumstances that people don't normally have to deal with in this sport. I can't be discouraged by that. I still have great tennis in me. There's no way I am going to give up.\"Then a little before she left the press conference room, where her mood swung between grave and light, she warned, \"I am tough let me tell you, tough as nails.\" Venus promised to be back for the tournament next year. \"That's the plan,\" she said.World No.1 Maria Sharapova blasted past Aussie Anastasia Rodionova 6-2, 6-3 while last year's semifinalist, the big-hitting German Sabine Lisicki, rallied to beat Petra Martic of Croatia 1-6, 6-4, 6-2. Earlier, the third seed Agnieszka Radwanska put out Slovakia's Magdalena Rybarikova 6-3, 6-3.Among the men, eighth-seeded Serb Janko Tipsarevic put out Argentine David Nalbandian 6-4, 7-6 (7-4), 6-2.Third seed Roger Federer beat Spain's Albert Ramos 6-1, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round. The six-time champion will now face Italy's Fabio Fognini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14405414", "title": "Police complaint against horse owner for cruelty", "text": "MUMBAI: Animal rights activists have lodged a police complaint against horse owner Raju Ghodewala, who had cruelly abandoned a weak and ailing mare after it could no longer pull the Victoria Chariot recently. The mare, called Nukri, was suffering from acute laminitis in her feet, and lung infection and also maggot injuries on her hooves.\"We were trying to relocate this poor mare to a farm outside Mumbai, but she unfortunately could not bear the pain any longer, and died,'' said activist Ambika Hiranandani.Another Mumbai based activist, Mili Gandhi, had given a written complaint to V P Road Police station in order to book the accused horse owner under section 429 of the Indian Penal Code and also under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.For over a year now, several Mumbai citizens and activists have been campaigning to totally ban the exploitation of horses who are forced to pull Victorias and also give joyrides to people. They often suffer a range of ailments, including the most painful, laminitis. But, their handlers force them to work all day long so as to earn more profits.Tragically, these horses do not even have proper, legal stables to rest at night time. They are forced to stay in open beaches or close to dumpyards, totally exposed to the nature's elements, without a proper roof. This again makes these graceful animals ill and pushes them further into a desperate situation, that ends mostly like the fate of the mare, Nukri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14400517", "title": "IMA nationwide strike partially hits medical services", "text": "MYSORE: Medical practitioners on Monday closed their clinics in response to a nationwide protest call by Indian Medical Association (IMA).Medical services across the district were partially affected as many hospitals, clinics and labs did not function to protest the Central government's proposal to constitute National Council for Human Resources in Health (NCHRH).Around 1,500 doctors and paramedical staff joined the strike which was supported by Karnataka Government Medical Officers' Association. However, medical services at government-run PHCs, major hospitals, including KR Hospital, Cheluvamba and PKTB, were normal.A delegation of doctors comprising IMA secretary Dr G Marulasiddappa, Dr C Rajan, Dr A H Hareesh, Dr P Sathya and Dr Kempegowda presented a memorandum to the district administration. In that, they protested the Centre's move, which, according to them, will weaken the autonomy of Medical Council of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14398685", "title": "Entry fee to wild life sanctuaries hiked", "text": "PANAJI: The forest department has hiked the entry fee to the state's wild life sanctuaries and brought it on par with rates in all protected areas.The revised rates had been approved by the Goa state board for wildlife during its third meeting held on January 28, 2009, but was implemented.\"Targeting generation of more income is not the criterion, but the hike in the entry fee is to bring it on par with rates in all protected areas,\" said Richard D'Souza, principal chief conservator of forest. D N F Carvalho, deputy conservator of forest, North Goa (eco tourism and wildlife), said that \"there were different rates of entry fee\".The notification to rationalize and bring uniformity in the rates was issued recently.The uniform entry fee for adults will be 20 per head and 10 for a child.There will also be a fee for use of equipment like cameras, video cameras and handy cams. A slab has been fixed for vehicles ranging from motorcycle/scooters to heavy vehicles.The tour operators will be charged 7,500 per jeep (for one year).The forest department will allow campers to pitch their tents with their own equipment inside the sanctuaries, provided a fee of 100 per person per day is paid for use of a specific spot.A night safari in the forest department's vehicle will be charged at the rate of 100 per person. Filming of documentaries or advertisements within protected areas will be allowed after charging for the use of the video camera at the rate of 7,500 per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14400534", "title": "Mysore is veg bowl for neighbouring Kerala", "text": "MYSORE: Kerala and Mysore have one thing in common which they have been promoting: tourism. But people in God's Own Country are increasingly depending on Mysore for commodities.Mysore has emerged as the main supplying point for Keralites across the border, for vegetables, fruits and groceries. This dependence has spurred farmers to switch to vegetable farming in areas bordering Kerala. It is also giving a booster dose to the local economy.Though Mysore is 150 km, Keralities in the border towns prefer getting their supplies from the city. \"More than 100 trucks carrying 1,500 tonnes of groceries and vegetables ply to the neighbouring state,\" said Ramesh, market superintendent at the APMC yard here.\"Earlier, it was more of vegetables. Now, even groceries like sugar, dal, chilli and rice are picked up by Kerela-based traders,\" he added.Y S Basavaraj, who runs a wholesale shop at the yard, said farmers and traders say there is a big demand in Kerala for their produce. According to him, 80% of the vegetable grown here are supplied to Kerala. \"Since vegetables are not grown locally, Keralites depend on border areas of Mysore and Chamarajanagar districts,\" he said.He added that 70 trucks laden with vegetables travel to Kerala every day except Saturday, which is holiday for APMC. \"A purchaser from Kerala comes to the yard and loads the necessary vegetables. He supplies the same to wholesale dealers there. The market rate generally depends on demand-supply, and not on seasons,\" he said.Another reason for such a demand is logistics. The perishable commodity can be shipped to Kerala within 24 hours after the purchase. \"It's a decadelong association which is growing,\" commission agent Chandrakanth said. He has been working at the yard since 1969. He added that all types of veggies are supplied to the neighbouring state, with cabbage and tomato being in great demand. Daily, about 1,000 tonne of vegetables of all kinds are supplied.Vegetables are supplied from Hunsur, Chamarajanagar and HD Kote taluks. Traders from Kerala buy the produce directly from farmers in border areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401255", "title": "Potholes back in Bandra after light rain", "text": "MUMBAI: From the pothole tracking system to cold-mix , the BMC has tried out different technologies to make Mumbai's roads crater-free . But nothing seems to work.Even before the monsoon could gather momentum in the city, contractors have started repairing stretches that have already been fixed. Reason : the work has been washed away after light spells of rain .As complaints of shoddy work pour in, experts have questioned the manner in which the contractors have carried out their job.TOI did an audit of six roads in Bandra (W), which have been repaired at least once over the past week, on Monday along with corporator Asif Zakaria. A sum of Rs 4 crore has been earmarked for pothole repairs in H-East and H-West wards.One of the stretches audited was 32nd Road, located off Linking Road near National College. According to a roads department official, the contractor fixed the entire stretch on Friday, but a drizzle was enough to undo the work. The road witnesses heavy traffic due to the educational institutions in its vicinity. On Monday , granular materials could be found on the road.Similar is the condition of the 16t and 24th roads. The roads have already been repaired twice. \"These are long, important roads that should have been taken up earlier for repair. The materials start coming out when a little pressure is applied with one's leg. Officials have been saying that the work done by the contractor does not seem to last. Apparently , they have been penalized ,\" said Zakaria.At the junctions of the 37th and 35th roads, the corners have been repaired but the central portion\u2014which is also in a poor condition\u2014has been left out.N V Merani, chairman of the standing technical advisory committee, said: \"When new materials are used, it is essential that they are thoroughly checked. Besides, they should also be properly laid, which means that the edges of a pothole should be cut properly . Apart from carbon cor, we haven't given our nod to any other technology yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396939", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation finishes two surveys for metro, 3 more on", "text": "NAGPUR: Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), which has been entrusted with the work of preparing detailed project report (DPR) for Nagpur metro network, has completed two surveys while work on three others is going on. DMRC will do a number of surveys, all of which will be over by August next year. The DPR will be submitted to Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT), the nodal agency for the project, in October 2013.A NIT official said that DMRC had recently completed junction and screen line surveys. The junction survey was done at prominent squares and traffic junctions. The screen line survey was done at railway over bridges (ROBs), flyovers, railway under bridges (RUBs), nullah crossings, etc. The screen line survey was done to determine the flow of traffic in north-south, south-north, west-east and east-west directions.Now, DMRC is conducting outer cordon, parking and door-to-door surveys. \"The outer cordon survey has started recently. DMRC agents are asking people travelling by Outer Ring Road and other roads encompassing the city regarding their residences, workplaces, frequency of use of outer roads. People using two-wheelers, cars and buses are being sampled.\"In the parking survey, DMRC is finding out the parking space available in main areas of the city and asking people where they park their vehicles. The door-to-door survey is being done on weekends as most people are available. The survey personnel go to some houses randomly and ask them about mode of travel in city and the places they visit frequently,\" the official elaborated.State government aims to start work from December 2013 but this will depend on various factors. The most important is the year when DMRC estimates that metro railway will be viable in the city. This will be crucial in getting finance. The government is banking on soft loan from Asian Development Bank for the project.As per prevalent rates of construction materials and labour, the cost of constructing metro railway is Rs 400 crore per km for an underground stretch and Rs 250 crore per km for an elevated stretch. The cost for ground level stretch will be far lower. The total cost of first and second phase is over Rs 10,000 crore.The concept of metro rail was mooted way back in 2001 in view of Mihan. However, as Mihan failed to take off, the metro rail was put in cold storage. It has been revived as union urban development ministry feels that by 2020 cities presently having a population of over 20 lakh will need a metro rail and other modes of mass rapid transport system. On June 6, state cabinet had given in-principle nod to the project but NIT had already signed a memorandum of understanding with DMRC for the DPR on February 22 for early completion of DPR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396101", "title": "Medicos strike work, stay away from clinics", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Medical Association (IMA)'s call for strike on Monday was largely successful with most doctors in the city and Thane staying away from work in protest against two central bills. Outpatient departments of several hospitals, individual clinics and nursing homes remained partially functional.More than 3,000 doctors assembled in different parts of the city to discuss clauses of the proposed Clinical Establishment Act that makes it mandatory for single-doctor establishments to handle emergency cases, have qualified nurses, AC waiting rooms, maintain records, allot 450 sq ft space for dispensary, etc. A doctors' team met public health minister Suresh Shetty, asking him to customize the bill as per local conditions.IMA's Dr Shivkumar Utture said, \"We told him, we are ready to come under the Act but not in its current form.\" Dr Lalit Kapoor of the Association of Medical Consultants said there was over 90% compliance among consultants. \"Many hospitals such as Asian Heart Hospital and Holy Spirit Hospital too showed their solidarity by keeping their OPD shut,\" he said. General surgeon Arshad Ghulam Mohammed from Bandra said, \"Some of the provisions such as keeping a refuge area of over 400 sq ft in every nursing home would be difficult to follow.\"More than 1,000 medicos held a protest march in Thane.Thane has close to 350 nursing homes and more than 2,200 clinics and almost all the doctors marched on the streets on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "14395931", "title": "Madhya Pradesh high court grants bail to Nirmal Baba", "text": "JABALPUR: In a major relief to controversial self-proclaimed godman Nirmal Baba, Madhya Pradesh High Court here on Monday granted him an anticipatory bail. Justice G S Solanki of High Court asked him to execute a personal bond of Rs 50,000. A magistrate's court at Bina had rejected Baba's application seeking exemption from personal appearance in a case of cheating. He was asked to be before the court on July 17.He had moved HC, arguing that lower court issued warrant against him without giving any hearing, said Nirmal Baba's lawyer, Manish Datt.Following a complaint filed by Bina resident Surendra Vishwakarma, the local court had earlier issued a non-bailable arrest warrant, and directed police to produce him on June 25. However, the police could not find the controversial godman on his Delhi address.Vihwakarma has accused Baba of \"cheating and hurting personal sentiments\". As per the complaint, Vihwakarma kept Rs 2,000 in a black purse so that his finances may improve, on Baba's instructions. However, he lost the purse with the money, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14400249", "title": "16,000 apply for 11,015 seats in government schools", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As the date for counselling and display of merit list is nearing, students with less cumulative grade point average (CGPA) fear not getting admission in any of the city government schools as the number of seats is much lower than applicants. There are a total of 11,015 seats in all 37 senior secondary schools and nearly 16,000 admission forms have been submitted.Kamla Puri, an applicant who got 6.2 CGPA said, \"All schools will first take the students with best CGPA and this year many students have got very good grades. Therefore, the chances of everyone getting admission seem to be low as the total number of seats is less than the forms submitted.\"Gautam Kumar, another applicant with 5.7 CGPA said, \"I am eagerly waiting for the merit list as it would decide my chances of admission.\"On the other hand, the UT education department has assured that seats would not fall short and if it does, the department would increase seats. UT district education officer Ram Kumar said, \"It is our experience from previous years that the seats will not fall short. Last year too nearly 15,000 admission forms were submitted, but the seats remained vacant. However, if there is shortage we would increase the seats.\"He said number of seats will not be a problem, however, students might not get school of their choice as the admissions will be on the basis of merit list. The department increased a few number of seats in commerce stream this year. For academic year 2012-13 there are 4,660 seats in humanities there, 3,015 seats in sciences, 1,740 seats in vocational courses and 1,600 seats in commerce stream.The first counselling session would begin from June 27, Wednesday, and the common merit list would also be displayed on the same day at 11am. Display of list indicating allotment would be displayed on June 30 at 11am. Among all 37 schools, Government Model Senior Secondary School in sectors 16, 35, 37, 10, and Manimajra continue to be the most preferred schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14400677", "title": "Mayor turns mediator to settle corporation scuffle", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a desperate bid to restore activity at the corporation office which has been on idle mode since the scuffle between the UDF councillors and corporation staff, mayor K Chandrika on Monday held mediation talks with UDF leaders in the corporation council.Chandrika also met chief minister Oommen Chandy and home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan for the withdrawal of cases against the corporation staff reportedly involved in the scuffle.She said that the chief minister was extremely attentive to her views. \"I told him how important it is to get the corporation functional. Ever since that incident most corporation staff have withdrawn from performing their duties. This has drastically affected the functioning of corporation,\" said Chandrika.It is learnt that although the suspension of corporation staff is less likely to be withdrawn, the UDF councillors will be directed by the top brass to make it up with the employees of corporation office. In the all party meeting convened by mayor Chandrika, she asked the UDF councillors to put everything behind and begin on a fresh note.The mayor''s mediation move comes after the civic body on Saturday received a set of guidelines for the utilization of plan fund for the financial year 2012-13. \"If the councillors and staff remain at loggerheads, meaningful utilization of funds and implementation of schemes will not be possible. I have said this to the UDF councillors and hopefully the corporation office will be relieved of the tension soon,\" said Chandrika who also met UDF councillor Sadanandan Thai who had got injured in the scuffle.However, a UDF councillor said that they had not yet fully agreed to the mayor's demands. \"The staff alone was responsible for that ugly incident. We have to discuss it with other UDF councillors before reaching a final decision. We cannot withdraw the cases against the staff without deliberating on it in a parliamentary party meeting,\" a councillor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396217", "title": "30,837 seats added for admissions", "text": "MUMBAI: There's good news for junior college aspirants who were worried about not making it through to a college of their choice. Minority institutes, that constitute the cream of some of the best city colleges, surrendered vacant seats from offline admissions on Saturday and the deputy director of education (school) said on Monday that 30,837 seats have gone vacant, which have now been added to the online admission process, this year.\"The last day to finish offline admissions was June 23 and colleges were told to surrender vacant seats from in-house minority and management quotas for online admissions. The seats will now be open for online admissions,\" said a senior official from the office of the deputy director of education (school). Last year at this stage, colleges had surrendered 27,622 seats to the department. After every round of admission, colleges have to declare the number of vacant seats available for the next round of admission.This year, with changes to the online admission process, only three online merit lists will be announced. Admissions to bifocal streams will be carried on by individual colleges based on merit. \"Earlier students were worried about getting a seat in a college and course of their choice. This year, we will have to go through the process twice: Once to get a seat in a good college, and then for a seat in the bifocal course,\" said Pooja Rane, a junior college aspirant.The education department has been receiving queries from students and parents on excessive applications compared to the number of seats for online admissions. Education minister Rajendra Darda said, \"Over 84,000 confirmed admissions, so there are ample seats for the online process.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14399472", "title": "Centre must release UP\u2019s Rs90k Cr: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: In the first indication of the Samajwadi Party's terms for continuing support to the UPA government at the Centre, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has stated that he was expecting a Rs 90,000 crore infusion of funds to the state to show the Centre's desire to build a partnership with SP.In an exclusive interview to TOI - his first lengthy interaction with any newspaper - the country's youngest CM said that this was neither \"assistance\" nor a \"package\". \"When I met the Prime Minister, I gave him a list of projects where the Centre's share to UP was pending. For instance, the wazifa (stipend) for Muslim children is being funded by the state but the Centre's share is still pending, as is the case with NRHM.Although he did not say so, Yadav indicated that the SP might lend support to the Centre on reforms if its demands were recognized. For instance, he said he was open to FDI in retail and reforms in other sectors like banking, pensions and insurance, if they don't harm the farmers and are in the country's interest.In the same breath, however, he said he didn't see much of a future for the UPA government. \"UPA's time is over. It needs to press the refresh button and get a fresh mandate of the people before going ahead with any reform,\" he said.Laying emphasis on \"development at all costs\", Yadav has plans that need not necessarily burden the state exchequer. For the state capital, he's approved BRTS and flyovers. There's a new park - 'better than the existing Lohia Park' \u2014 and a state-ofthe-art cancer hospital on the anvil as well. In addition, Yadav is also keen on giving Lucknow a makeover with a difference. \"The previous government spent money to beautify parks with stones. We want to use trees to create beauty. Without burdening the state exchequer, we want to create assets that people can compare with what Mayawati built. Then they will be able to tell the difference. I have asked the forest department to undertake a massive plantation drive in vacant spaces in Mayawati's memorials,\" he said.  Read the full interview here", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14400682", "title": "Conflict diamonds\u2019 entry to India raises money laundering fear", "text": "NEW DELHI: A customs report has alerted the government that conflict diamonds are finding their way into India for processing, and then exported to the US and European markets. More than 48,000 carats of conflict diamonds were seized in Surat and Mumbai in the last one year.Investigations revealed that the diamonds were of Zimbabwean origin and were smuggled into India via Kenya . These diamonds were not supported by Kimberley Process Certification, a mandatory requirement for legitimate diamonds, and could be a conduit for money laundering as well.Conflict diamonds are rough diamonds used by rebel groups in African countries to \"finance conflict aimed at undermining legitimate governments\". They are also called blood diamonds as warlords in Angola, Sierra Leone and Congo, who were responsible for millions of civilian deaths had used them to fund their arms purchase and other activities.The report was part of a dossier prepared for discussion at the recently concluded meeting of chief commissioners and directors general of customs and central excise in the national capital. The report says, \"Even as rough diamonds are not subject to any duty, there is a need to remain alert to thwart the possibility of conflict diamonds being smuggled into the country.\"It adds, \"The import of low quality rough diamonds and their subsequent export at grossly inflated values has been purposefully used to disguise the origin and movement of funds, as well as the origin and movement of goods by using multiple levels of firms, bank accounts, paper sale and purchase.\"Customs authorities have raided on traders in Surat and Mumbai and seized more than 48,600 carats of diamonds worth more than Rs 10 crore without carrying any certificates.India processes most of the rough diamonds \u2014 it cuts almost 10 out of 11 diamonds sold across the globe \u2014 said an official. The total diamond imports were pegged at $15 billion in 2011-12, while exports were to the tune of $23 billion.Customs official say diamond trade is highly susceptible to money laundering activities as in addition to being a zero-duty item; the stone is of high value, thus allowing huge transfers of funds with minimal number of transactions unlike other traded commodities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "14396844", "title": "13 die in truck-jeep collision", "text": "JHANSI: As many as 13 members of a family including five infants died on the spot when a truck loaded with stone slabs overturned on the ill-fated jeep filled carrying 16 persons who were returning from Chanderi after performing puja at Jageshwaridevi temple.As per Sukh Sahay Singh resident of Banpur near Lalitpur, 16 persons of his family had gone to Chanderi to visit the temple and while returning the accident took place near village Pranpura at around 7.00 pm.For nearly two hours there was no rescue and the whole family was stuck under the truck. It was after the intervention of the local MLA, that the crane was called and the truck lifted. Eight persons died on the spot and five succumbed to their injuries, while they were being brought to Lalitpur for medical assistance.As per one of the survivor, the incident took place when their jeep was overtaking the truck and in the mean time a motorcycle came in front of the truck and to save it, the truck took a right turn and collided with the jeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14395151", "title": "Hospital declares normal patient HIV-positive", "text": "INDORE: In a case of medical negligence a patient who turned up for treatment at a private hospital was declared HIV positive and hospitalized for nearly a week.The patient's family members decided to go for a retest after he faced social stigma and developed suicidal tendency only to learn that he was normal.The hospital later retracted their report and apologized to the patient after his fresh test turned out to be negative.A complaint was registered with the health department on Monday to investigate the matter and take action against the hospital authorities.Chief Medical and Health Officer (CMHO), Dr Sharad Pandit told TOI, \"We have received a copy of complaint. This appears to be a case of medical negligence. Hospital authorities should have confirmed the case before administering medication on the patient. We will investigate the matter and take action.\"It happened about eight months back in October 2011, when Dilip Sharma (38), a resident of Bada Ganpati area, was admitted in Bombay Hospital following complaints of fever and stomach-ache.Doctors suggested for detailed investigations including and HIV test. The report was positive.Narrating his plight, Sharma told TOI, \"In was shocked to see the positive HIV report and could not face family members and friends. I was subjected to medication for nearly three months. I have the receipts. The treatment at the hospital cost me more than Rs 1 lakh along with mental and physical agony. The health department should take necessary action so that such incidents are not repeated.\"Sharma who has now undergone an intestinal surgery in another private hospital and is recovering, elaborating about his pain said, \"Doctors on the basis of one report conducted HIV test of my wife and two daughters. But, the report turned out negative. I was feeling completely shattered and as the days passed and tension gripped me and I even decided to commit suicide,\" said Sharma.\"However, my wife and family stood by me and kept my morale high. My wife later advised for a retest and after three months of mental agony I visited the state-run Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital from where the blood sample was sent Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), National AIDS Research Institute, Pune for investigations\". 10 days later, the report came as a sigh of relief for Sharma and his family members as reports were normal.\"I took the reports and showed it to the authorities of Bombay Hospital. They again conducted an HIV test and found the reports to be normal. They apologised and gave me a certificate accepting their negligence.\" If I would have not gone for retest test, I would have been taken for ride by the hospital, he added.The matter has been put up before the Consumer Forum, which has issued notice to the Hospital.Rahul Parashar, General Manager, Bombay Hospital, Indore talking to TOI denied putting the patient on HIV medication. He said the hospital will file a reply to the health department and consumer forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14398600", "title": "Britain warns tourists of theft, sexual assault in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The British high commission in India has warned Britons visiting Goa about crime and detailed a new modus operandi, where \"the perpetrators approach on two-wheelers with headlights on full-beam to blind their victims, snatch the bags and speed off\".\"Travellers staying in hotels on smaller roads in Candolim-Calangute belt are advised to be particularly careful when walking to or from the main road as there have been reports of bag-snatching taking place on these stretches since the beginning of 2012,\" a travel advisory posted online for tourists on the high commission's website on June 13 states.The advisory especially warns female tourists against sexual offences in Goa, along with Delhi and Rajasthan.\"There have been incidents of sexual offences against women (including British nationals) in Goa, Delhi and Rajasthan. Female travellers should take basic personal safety precautions... Female travellers should observe and respect local dress and customs. There have been a series of high-profile incidents in Goa of alleged rape against foreign nationals, including Britons,\" the travel advisory states.It has also asked foreign nationals to avoid beaches after dark, because of the risk of being attacked by packs of stray dogs, robbed or sexually assaulted. The advisory asks the tourists to avoid walking alone in isolated spots in popular tourist areas, particularly after dark.\"Throughout Goa there have been reports of drinks being spiked and travellers, including British nationals, subsequently being robbed, sexually assaulted or dying. In 2011, 21 British nationals died in Goa, up to ten of these deaths were attributed to drug/alcohol abuse,\" the advisory said.Shireen Mistry, head for communications and public affairs for the British deputy high commission in Mumbai, said the warnings are relevant since January this year. \"Advisories are issued on the basis of the experiences of tourists in various countries, highlighting possible vulnerabilities and areas about which caution should be exercised,\" Mistry said.Goa tourism director Swapnil Naik said the advisories merely serve as guidelines to tourists coming to Goa to avoid risk to their life and do not mean that foreign tourists should not visit the place. \"In Goa, 40% of the foreign tourists are repeat ones. This means that their experiences in the state have been good and there is also good word of mouth publicity happening. These advisories are being issued from time to time over the last seven years only asking tourists to take precautions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398399", "title": "Gandhinagar cops taught to be child-friendly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Police and Unicef started a three-day workshop for child welfare officers (CWOs) at the Gujarat Police Academy, Karai, on Monday. The focus is sensitizing CWOs on providing proper care and protection to the children they interact with. Officers from Gandhinagar range, comprising of Gandhinagar, Ahmedabad and Sabarkantha districts are participating. Other districts will soon be covered.Inaugurating the workshop, director general of police Chittranjan Singh said police officials should take care and ensure juvenile delinquents don't turn into criminals. He added that all the CWOs will be trained in the Juvenile Justice Act and how they can become friendly with children.\"This initiative will go a long way in ensuring that protection is given to the child in every situation, whether they are victims or violators,\" said Dr Prakash Gurnani, state Unicef head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "14400466", "title": "Poor broadband: South City can\u2019t log on in e-era", "text": "SOUTH CITY: It's the address most big shots in the city quote on their visiting cards and one would assume that the \"posh\" South City and its surrounding areas would have the best of facilities. Except that residents rue that is far from the truth. The area does not even have broadband internet connectivity and 3G and GPRS services are also very poor so that people wanting to check or send emails once they're home feel technologically challenged.Varun Duggal, a banker staying in South City, says even if he remembers some important work online in the evening he is forced to wait till the next morning. \"There is no internet broadband facility for home users in South City. Since cellphone towers are far from our area signal is also very weak. We cannot even read our important mails at home because of this problem. This is the fate of people in posh localities of Ludhiana,\" he says.Even those living in the adjoining Country Homes have similar complains. Radhika Jaitwani, a social activist from Country Homes, says, \"I have a very tough time without broadband connection and poor GPRS and 3G services when everything is internet-based. My son Karan studies in London and likes to meet me on Skype but I'm hardly ever able to. I am not even able to email people seeking help on social issues. Something should be done about this.\"South City-based businessman Sahil Sood says \"There is no broadband facility for home users in South City and Country Homes. Even wireless devices don't work because the area has no mobile towers in the immediate vicinity. This is a big problem at a time when most trade also happens online. For a businessman it is a big minus adversely hitting business.\"However, officials of telecommunication companies say the problem is because it is not economically feasible for broadband service providers to lay lines in these localities for home users. Vikram Kakkar, who works for a company offering telecommunication solutions, says, \"The cost of installation and maintenance is too high and revenue generation is less. Mobile service providers are also hesitant to install towers in these localities as of now as these colonies have come up recently and the number of subscribers is less.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14400122", "title": "\u2018Surgery makes you walk but it\u2019s no magic wand\u2019", "text": "\"When I recall my pre-surgery days, I feel that life was as difficult as living with a disability!\" This is how, Premlata Devi, an elderly who underwent knee replacement surgery described her pain. But what is it that actually leads to such acute crippling of the knees? Experts blame arthritis as the chief cause of trouble. According to the Arthritis Foundation of India (AFI), \"Most forms of arthritis can be divided into osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and gout.\"AFI literature shows that osteoarthritis typically strikes the weight bearing joints such as knees, hips and back joints besides hands and spine. It is a progressive disease that mostly affects the knee. Rheumatoid Arthritis is an autoimmune disease (a condition in which body's own immune system becomes its enemy and tends to cause a disease). It causes chronic inflammation of the joints and sometimes the tissues around the joints. Gout, which is also known as the crystal induced arthritis, is an arthritic condition that occurs when uric acid crystals accumulate over the joints. Gout can affect joints in the big toe, ankle, foot, hand, wrist and elbow besides the knee. In rare cases, it may affect shoulders, hips or spine. \"Problems such as pain and disability arise in all the three conditions mainly due to degeneration of joints,\" explained, Prof RN Srivastava, faculty, orthopaedic department, CSMMU. \"Pain induced by damaged ligaments and parts of the knee is most felt in case of knees, which bear the maximum body weight,\" he stated adding, \"The painful destroyed knee affects a person's day to day living in simple activities such as standing, sitting, walking, and others.\"The worn, diseased or damaged surfaces of the knee joint can be removed and replaced with artificial surfaces in a surgical procedure known as Total Knee Replacement (TKR). \"The surgery has helped many people return to a normal life,\" said Dr Srivastava. In the words of Premlata, \"Knee replacement surgery made me walk after years, but it is no magic wand.\" Her observation is extremely important. \"Patients should not aspire for overnight changes in their lifestyle. The surgery may make them walk but after sustained sessions of physiotherapy. Pre-operative counselling plays an important role here. It helps in setting up realistic targets for patients,\" said Dr Sanjai Srivastava, who regularly takes up orthoplasty.Experts suggest that disease can surely be delayed if not totally prevented. \"Ageing, lack of nutrition and physical activity, vitamin D deficiency, obesity , hereditary and socio-economic factors are some causes behind degeneration of cartilage,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398322", "title": "Man made extortion calls to 19 businessmen, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: An extortionist who had been threatening businessmen for the past six months was arrested from a Rohini hotel on Monday. Neeraj Bawana (23), a resident of northwest Delhi, has allegedly made extortion calls to 19 businessmen who own factories in the Bawana Industrial area this year, but only five cases have been registered against him so far. His latest victim was Bawana MLA Jaswant Rana. Neeraj had demanded Rs 50 lakh from him.\"Hotels in Haryana and Uttarakhand have been the hideouts of Neeraj and his gang. He was constantly shifting base in order to avoid being caught. With his arrest, we are hoping to smash extortion rackets which have sprung up in outer Delhi,'' said an investigator. Calling Bawana a 'prized' catch, special CP (law and order) Dharmendra Kumar said even the LG office has been keeping tabs on him ever since Rana lodged a complaint against him in May. Initially, a cash reward of Rs 50,000 was declared on Neeraj, but it was made Rs 1,00,000 recently.\"Neeraj had unleashed terror in the Bawana area along with his associates who are also sharp shooters,\" said DCP (outer) B S Jaiswal. Many suspected hideouts of Neeraj in Haryana, UP and Uttrankhand had been raided but he managed to give cops a slip each time.However, his luck ran out on Monday. \"On being cornered, Neeraj took out a pistol and tried to fire but in vain. He confessed that in February, he had threatened a businessman in the name of Kala Sultanpuriya demanding Rs 10 lakh. His associates Rahul Dabbas, Manjit alias Mangal, Naveen alias Bali and Rahul alias Kala were also involved. In the same month, his aides also attacked a builder's officer. Neeraj was a conspirator in the case.In the first week of March, the gang threatened the owner of a utensil shop and demanded Rs 50 lakh from him. Anup Goyal of DSIIDC was their next victim. The gang demanded Rs 3 lakh from Goyal. In May, MLA Jaswant Rana complained that he had been receiving extortion calls from Neeraj. He has seven other cases, including murder, registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14400400", "title": "Nigerians tried to lure 25 people every day", "text": "MOHALI: Three days after Mike Johnson and Franco Anderson, both Nigerians, were arrested for cheating Kharar municipal councillor Himmat Singh, their interrogation has revealed that the two would target at least 25 people every day through SMSs and emails. Trying to lure their targets with a huge dollar win, the duo would ask them to deposit money in a bank to collect it.The SMSs and emails were sent through different numbers and fake email IDs.Sources in police said, \"Anderson and Johnson - who were arrested for cheating the councillor of Rs 97 lakh -- only used to send SMSs and emails. And the gang's mastermind, who is hiding in Delhi, would respond to the targets' mails. They have confessed to contacting around 25 persons every day. Their call details are being scrutinized.\"\"Johnson knows much about the gang. He could be involved in more cheating cases,\" they added.On Monday, Johnson was sent to judicial custody and Anderson's police remand was extended by two more days. The accused had come to India about four years ago for medical treatment.Kharar DSP Sukhdev Singh Virak said, \"The gang is being operated from Delhi. When the daughter of the councillor fell in their trap, Johnson and Anderson were sent to Kharar for collecting the amount from her father. Their cellphone numbers and accounts in Axis Bank and ICICI Bank were opened on fake documents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396396", "title": "HC for dismissal of anti-Dhoble PIL", "text": "MUMBAI: In a relief for ACP Vasant Dhoble, the Bombay High Court allowed a petition against him to be withdrawn, observing that there is contradiction in the medical report and the petition seeking relief against him.A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice A R Joshi were hearing a petition filed by Yusuf Ghulam Nabi Bhire (64) who alleged he was beaten up by Dhoble on December 5, 2011, in his son's restaurant Mughal Sarai at Bandra (West). His advocate argued that even if there were irregularities in the licence, there was no reason for Dhoble to assault him . Judges said there are contradictions in the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14400076", "title": "Shootout trauma: Psychological frailties haunt England", "text": "The best way to tackle a penalty shoot-out, perhaps, is to avoid it.Poor England, slow learners, don't get that. All these years, they haven't. For them, each successive exit via a shootout loss at a high-profile tournament only adds to the collective heartbreak of a nation seeking some sort of refuge from their footballing mediocrity.Sunday night's ouster had no great drama of the episodes of the past. When Ashley Cole lined up his left-footed shot, you knew it would go to Gianluigi Buffon. It did, no great theatre there, yet as the Italian goalkeeper before the experienced Cole grew in size and the goal shrunk, it showed up England's inferiority complex again.An earlier piece wondered if, under Hodgson's pragmatism, England had finally managed to shed their underachieving tag. One must confess, one had completely overlooked the spectre of penalty shootouts that traditionally comes to haunt England. In their new workmanlike avatar , they seemed to have overcome that barrier without even having approached it.In On Penalties, his book on the psychology of the penalty, author Andrew Anthony says, \"England have grown comfortable with the prospect of not winning.\" The notion is that at least they weren't bundled out in regulation time , and it adds to the idea of an honourable defeat.That seems good enough for England. You could say that stretching the Italians for the most tedious 120 minutes in recent footballing memory could give Roy Hodgson's England some semblance of credibility- even if Andrea Pirlo's contemptuous chip over Joe Hart in the shoot-out fully established the difference in class between the two sides.But then, what of the Italians, you might counter. What are the odds they wouldn't succumb to the vagaries of a shootout instead? That is precisely the point - somewhere even the lottery of penalties usually conforms to the formbook. Eventually, it is where the men are separated from the pretenders. Anthony quotes Glenn Hoddle, the England manager in the 1998 World Cup, on the German mindset regarding penalties. \"If you keep winning them, like the Germans, psychologically they feel that it is going to go their way. The confidence is there ... It's just a mental thing.\"Anthony is less charitable about Italy, arguing that their \"supposed hot-blooded passion is perhaps not the ideal temperament for a shoot-out\" but it was clear that Cesare Prandelli's men had clearly the game always in their grasp.After each England failure, much is written about the need for their squads to practice penalty-taking ahead and during World Cups and the Euros. It is an interesting contrast to what Pep Guardiola reportedly preached during his stint at Barcelona recently. Such is their steadfastness in staying true to their ideals of beautiful football that preparing for shoot-outs is not part of their system.In an almost arrogant 'lose but not win ugly' credo, Barcelona have discarded the need to be ready when the lottery comes to play. Of course, England are a long way off from being a Barcelona. Having watched the English play like them all evening - eight men in defence - yet not having the depth to fully carry out the impersonation, must have amused Italy. They also must have guessed in striving hard not to concede, rather than score, that England had stepped into unfamiliar territory. It showed, yet again, in the shoot-out where England's historical frailties were exposed.In his book, Anthony argues that there are footballers whose personalities are fundamentally unsuited to taking penalties. Extend that psychological profile to a team and a shape of an England XI forms before your eyes. Cole will recover. Like Roberto Baggio, the most celebrated of penalty-missers, said, the only way not to miss a penalty is not to take one. But then, do the English have a choice?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396502", "title": "Health department framing rules to enforce Clinical Establishment Act 2010", "text": "JAIPUR: The medical health and family welfare department is in the process of framing rules for effective implementation of the Clinical Establishment Act 2010, which was passed in the Vidhan Sabha last year.A medical health and family welfare department official said, \"We have started working on implementation of the Act. The rules are being framed for its effective implementation in the state.\"The department would constitute a state council of clinical establishments consisting of health secretary as chairman, health services director as member secretary, one representative each to be elected by the executive committee of state medical council of India, state dental council of India, state nursing council of India and state pharmacy council of India. Also, three representatives would be elected by the executive of the state council from Indian medicine representing Ayurveda , Siddha and Unani systems of medicine. One representative would be elected by the state council of Indian Medical Association and one from the line of paramedical systems.The official said the function of the council would be to compile and update the state registers of clinical establishments representing the state in the national council.The official added there would be an authority for registration. It would be called district registering authority with the district collector as its chairperson. District health officer would be the convener and there would be three other members.As per the Act, permanent registration will be granted only when a clinical establishment fulfils the standards for registration prescribed by the Central Government. Each clinical establishment will have to maintain certain standards in delivering services.The Act also has the provision for inspection of registered clinical establishments. The authority or an officer authorized by it can inspect any registered clinical establishment, its building, laboratories and equipment and also the work done by it. The clinical establishments of different systems will be classified into categories prescribed by the Centre.The clinical establishment will have prominently display the certificate of registration so that it is visible to every visitor.There is a provision in the Act for cancellation of registration. The registration will be cancelled in case the conditions of registration are not being complied with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397229", "title": "Doctors protest against proposed 3-year course", "text": "BANGALORE: Opposing the National Commission for Human Resources in Health (NCHRH) bill, 2011, over 3,000 doctors in Bangalore protested on Monday at Freedom Park before handing over a memorandum to governor HR Bhardwaj. By and large, patients were not put to much inconvenience.\"Through this bill, the Centre seeks to impose bureaucratic control over medical education leading to non-transparent administration and accreditation process. The committee to be formulated by NCHRH is likely to have non-medical professionals unlike those accredited to the Medical Council of India,\" said a doctor from Indian Medical Association.Many doctors in government hospitals also took part in the protest and services there suffered to some extent. They'll be at work from Tuesday.The bill debars medical graduates from taking up any other profession, which is a fundamental right of personal liberty as enshrined in the Constitution. There are many MBBS graduates who have joined the IAS or IPS and doing very well. How can the bill say doctors must not get into any other profession?\" asked Dr Shiva Kumar, a doctor at Victoria Hospital who took part in the protest after taking leave from work.Dr HL Krishne Gowda, president, Karnataka chapter of the Indian Medical Association, said the government has already enacted the Karnataka Medical Establishment Act, 2007 and therefore there's no need for the introduction of the Clinical Establishment Act, 2010.According to protesting doctors, it's impossible for anyone to be knowledgeable about modern medicine by studying only for three years as proposed in the Bachelor of Rural Health Care in the bill. \"Alleging that doctors are not willing to work in the rural sector, the bill has proposed a three-year course in medicine and those graduates will work in rural areas. This policy will only increase the number of quacks,\" they claimed.\"In western countries, the same course is for the eight years, and in India, it's been been reduced to five and a half years. It should not be condensed to three years,\" said Dr Mahesh MS, medical director of a private nursing home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14395662", "title": "Cop hangs self at home", "text": "MUMBAI: A constable, Subhash Chaudhary (48), attached with the motor transport department of Mumbai police, committed suicide reportedly by hanging himself with a dupatta at his RAK Marg Nagpada home on Monday morning. The deceased was alone at home when he took the drastic step.The matter was observed when the deceased constable Subhash Chaudhary's wife returned home and found the doors locked. She informed the neighbours and entered the house after breaking the door and found Chaudhary hanging, said the RAK Marg police.The incident occurred in the morning when the deceased was alone at home. \"According to Chaudhary's wife and family members, he was under going treatment for mental ailment he faced since 2002. This could be the reason that drove him to end his life,\" said additional commissioner of police (Central region) Praveen Salunkhe.The body has been sent for post-mortem. Police had registered a case of accidental death report (ADR).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14403985", "title": "The Sinhas are back with a bang", "text": "The family moved into a swank new tower where their iconic bungalow Ramayan used to beShatrughan Sinha's iconic Juhu bungalow Ramayan, which has been under construction since 2008, has now been transformed into a swanky new building, albeit with the same name. A visit to its gates revealed that the Sinhas have finally moved back to where they belong just a week ago.In the interim, the family had moved to Lokhandwala, where they stayed at Amrita Singh's home for a few months. \"Ever since they worked together in the 1987 flick Khudgarz, Amrita and Shatru have been very good friends,\" a source close to the Sinhas revealed. Thereafter, they had shifted base to Bandra, where they stayed until last week, when they returned to Ramayan.Interestingly, Shotgun Sinha does not intend to rent out any of the floors. \"The family will keep the entire building for their use,\" said our source.In all likelihood, Shatrughan's daughter Sonakshi, and his twins Luv and Kush (also named after the epic Ramayan) will have a floor each to themselves while Shotgun and wife Poonam will take one full floor.\"And now that they are readying to start a production house of their own, the remaining floors will make up the father-daughter's office area,\" the source said, adding there is a possibility of a hi-tech gym as well.According to the source, \"With Sonakshi having clicked in the film industry, the Sinhas want the utmost privacy. Even otherwise, they were a very quiet family that preferred keeping to themselves. They haven't changed much over the years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14404993", "title": "Rajinikanth starrer won\u2019t release on Diwali", "text": "Rajinikanth who is known to go to any lengths to keep his fans happy, is apparently an unhappy man. He won't be able to keep the promise that he made to his fans. And they are not going to like this one bit. Rajinikanth's new release Kochadaiyyan won't make it into theatres for Diwali, as the super-icon had promised.This is the iconic star's first release after his health scare , his only release in the last two years and for at least the next two years. Theatres all over Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and other parts of the South were already being booked in bulk. The postponement was being kept strictly under wraps to avoid a surge of disappointment among Rajinikanth's fans. But when we found out the makers didn't deny the disappointing news.To rewind to the time when Rajinikanth was just recovering from his health scare, he had said at the airport before flying off to shoot songs with Deepika Padukone in London that Kochadaiyyan would be his Diwali gift to his fans. And the project was being readied to keep the superstar's promise.When contacted the Kochadaiyyan producer Dr Murli Manohar said, \"What's the rush? Yes, we've postponed the release. We are no longer coming in Diwali. But that's more because we are not ready than any other reason. This is Rajniji's first release since he he was unwell and therefore very special to him and to his fans. We want to make sure Kochadaiyyan is just perfect in every detail.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14404778", "title": "Tollywood gets rewarded", "text": "On Sunday, Tollywood made its presence felt at an awards function held at a city auditorium. The event recognized achievers in various fields and, along with them, individuals who have carved a niche for themselves nationally and internationally.The event saw \" Ooh la la\" man Bappi Lahiri belt out one hit number after another. As far as the awards were concerned, actors Soham, Swastika Mukherjee, and Paoli were feted for their performances in \" Le Halua Le\", \"Bhooter Bhobisyot\" and \"Elar Chaar Adhyay \". Nusrat Jahan was hailed as the 'diva of Bengal' whereas Mumtaz Sorcar and Samadarshi Dutta were awarded for being 'rising stars'.The do saw newbie Sayantika looking ravishing in a white sari, her hair done up in cascading curls. Tapas Paul , Srijit Mukherji and Parambrata Chatterjee were also present at the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14395799", "title": "Three years on, 'Sita' awaits a partner", "text": "INDORE: Sita, the white tigress at Kamala Nehru Park, has been forced to live in solitude by the authorities concerned for the past three years even as she has the legal right to have a partner. Though the zoo officials claimed to have launched a search to get a partner for her, the fact is that keeping the tigress without a partner for three years is illegal.As per Section 38H of the Wildlife (protection) Act 1972, no animal can be kept alone in a zoo without a partner for more than one year without valid reasons.\"Every zoo shall endeavour to avoid keeping single animals of non-viable sex ratios of any species. They shall cooperate in pooling such animals into genetically, demographically and socially viable groups at zoos identified for the purpose\", according to Central Zoo authority's general policies for zoo across the country. Even the rule book says that every zoo shall keep the animals in viable social groups. No animal will be kept without a mate for a period exceeding one year unless there is a legitimate reason. In the event of a zoo failing to find a mate for an animal, the animal shall be shifted to some other place.Animal activist Ajay Gadikar told TOI, \"Captivated animals in the zoo should not be kept in solitary condition from their mates, not that it is illegal but also it is very depressing for the invertebrates. If there are some animals in the zoo which are living solo, then zoo authorities should take measures. The zoo should be interlinked with other zoo and keep a check whether they have animals to pair with or it can be shifted to someplace. Even Ralamandal authorities keep rescuing animals. So the zoo authorities can ask them to shift the animals to pair them with the zoo animals.\"These animals have been made to live as singletons for the past two to three years. The tigress has been living alone for three years whereas a female jackal and male monkey have been living in isolation for the past one year.According to the zoo authorities, they have been taking steps to provide mates to the solo animals. \"We are doing our best to solve this problem. As monkey and jackal are in surplus around here, we can get them. For the tigress, we have fetched a male white tiger from Bhilai zoo\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14397155", "title": "Madurai doctors seek ouster of Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad", "text": "MADURAI: Nearly 200 doctors and 150 medical students staged a demonstration before the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) here on Monday, demanding restoration of the Medical Council of India, and also opposing the Clinical Establishment Act that the government plans to bring in to monitor the activities of private practitioners.Talking to TOI, Indian Medical Association (Madurai branch) executive secretary and chairman of the crisis management committee, S Babu said the medical fraternity and students were undergoing various hardships due to the decisions taken by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad .\"We oppose the Union government's decision to bring Medical Council of India under the control of the proposed National Commission for Human Resources for Health ( NCHRH). The MCI must be restored. We are also against the government's decision to bring in the Clinical Establishment Act, which will create a lot of hardship for private practitioners,\" he said.Hitting out at the Central government's plan to have shorter medical degree (3-1/2 years) for rural students, Babu said it would create two types of doctors. \"It's unethical. The government is playing with the future of medical students. We will not support this,\" he said.As part of the token strike, the doctors and medical students also staged a march from the IMA Hall to the Madurai Collectorate on Monday evening, demanding removal of Azad as health minister. However, the out-patient ward of the GRH was badly hit due to the one-day token strike organised by the doctors. \"People, who came from distant places had to wait for a long time. And there was chaos,\" said a nurse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396344", "title": "'India is more than a tourism hub'", "text": "JAIPUR: The Indonesian Ambassador to India Lt Gen (retd) Andi M Ghalib said that the desert state of Rajasthan is a good tourist destination, rich in culture and heritage but it also has potential in other areas.The ambassador, who is on a two-day visit to Rajasthan, had a meeting with governor Margaret Alva on Monday. \"We are exploring possibilities of a tie-up with the state. Rajasthan has huge potential in infrastructure, education and IT,\" he said.He emphasised on the need to promote Rajasthan tourism in Indonesia and Indonesian tourism in Rajasthan.\"Few Indonesians know about the tourism hub that Rajasthan is. Mutual cooperation and efforts are needed so that each country learns about the potential of the other,\" he said. The ambassador said that solar energy , infrastructure development and education could be some other areas of cooperation.\"I will be meeting with industry bodies here to discuss possibilities of trade relations. They will also be invited to the trade exhibition 'Tradexpo' to be held in October this year in Jakarta , Indonesia,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14400886", "title": "Striking doctors to meet Bhupinder Singh Hooda", "text": "GURGAON: After a day-long protest on Monday - which included shutter-down strikes and demonstrations by private doctors throughout the city - members of the Indian Medical Association (IMA) announced that they will be constituting a new committee, which will present their side of the case to Haryana's chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda .Dr Suresh Vasistha, an IMA member and the governing council member of the Association of Surgeons of India said that doctors across the city supported their cause.IMA members say that the new norms set out by the proposed bill are harsh and impractical.\"Every doctor has to register with the medical council of India every 10 years. And as per the new norms if someone fails to register, or is unable to do so, he will have to pay as much as Rs 25 lakh as penalty. This is unnecessarily high,\" said Anil Bindal, president, IMA Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14405156", "title": "Hyderabad liquor licences to be distributed through draw of lots", "text": "HYDERABAD: The issue of who should get a license to run liquor shops in AP will be decided today through draw of lots. The state is already reeling through a series of allegations and enquiries on the misdeeds of liquor syndicates.There are allegations that politicians and the influential are running these shops under benami names. Selling liquor at MRP rates has become a rare thing in AP in the last ten years.Liquor syndicates are selling them at much higher prices. Even non duty paid liquor and cheap liquor is being sold through an illegal chain of belt shops. The state has now changed its Excise policy but it too has not provided for any verification of financial antecedents of the applicants. The route for benamis has not yet been closed, a petitioner P Subhash told AP high court which will examine the matter on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401188", "title": "CM announces Rs 25 lakh ex gratia to kin of dead", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday announced an ex gratia of Rs 25 lakh to the families of those who lost their lives in the Mantralaya fire on June 21. Five persons, including a state government employee, were trapped in the fire and could not be rescued. Mohan More, an employee with the state secretariat , and Tukaram More, a retired employee, died in the fire. Also, three visitors\u2014Mahesh Gughale, Shivaji Korade and Umesh Potyekar\u2014died in the fire.The state government also processed a proposal to provide jobs to Mohan More's sons on compassionate grounds. A formal commemoration for the dead was also held at Mantralaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14396053", "title": "Aarogyasri benificiary gets bitter pill", "text": "HYDERABAD: The web of medical terminology has served a huge blow to a poor victim. An Aarogyasri beneficiary underwent a neurosurgery at a private hospital about a fortnight ago soon after which he was served a bitter pill: a bill of Rs 1.5 lakh as the hospital claimed that he was treated for a 'neurological condition', which is not covered under the scheme.The patient, however, said that he underwent 'neurosurgery' which was covered and that his medical file says so. Now, Aarogyasri Trust is contemplating action against the hospital for misguiding the beneficiary and treating him as a cash patient. Meanwhile, the patient continues to be in the hospital, his bill having mounted to Rs 2 lakh now. The patient K Dayanand, 41, a fruit vendor and resident of Pardiwada, Puranapul was rushed to Care hospital, Nampally, in a critical condition on the night of June 13. As per the hospital records, a 'Craniotomy, Evacuation of Haematoma subdural (Neuro Surgery)' was performed on Dayanand at 5.30 am on June 14. This neurosurgical procedure is included in the scheme under the Code S10.1.1 and the package rate is Rs 40,000. Post surgery, the attendants of the patients alleged that the hospital authorities gave them a bill of Rs 1.5 lakh, of which they paid Rs 32,000 under \"pressure\". Hospital officials confirmed that they had received Rs 32,000 from the patient.Dr Aditya Mukhopadhyay, hospital administrator, Care, said that Dayanand had suffered a stroke which comes under neurology and that the hospital is not empanelled with the Trust for neurological ailments. \"Since it's a multidisciplinary case other consultants including a neurosurgeon were consulted. Draining of the blood was done for faster recovery. They came in the middle of the night and we clearly told them that it's a neurological diagnosis and referred them to another hospital. They insisted that we should treat him here itself. They have wrongly compelled us to do the treatment under cash. We have not compromised on patient care. We are not insisting on the payment but requesting. If patients are very poor we do consider some sort of adjustment,\" said Mukhopadhyay.After making the payment of Rs 32,000, however, Dayanand's family lodged a complaint with the Aarogyasri trust. Suman Kumar, his cousin, said, \"The doctors initially said that the procedure is covered under neurosurgery and we won't have to pay any money but then after the surgery they demanded Rs 1.5 lakh,\" said Kumar. After they threatened to throw the patient out, we collected Rs 20,000 from the basthi members and paid the money, he added.\"We have probed the case and sent the file for disciplinary action against Care Hospital, Nampally to the empanelment and disciplinary committee of the Trust. Show cause notice will be issued to the hospital seeking an explanation,\" said Vikram Reddy, general manager, grievances, Arogyasri Trust.But the woes of the family are mounting. On Monday, Kumar said the bill amount touched Rs 2 lakh. \"Dayanand is a poor man with an annual income of Rs 11,000 and has two teenaged daughters. Where will he get so much money from,\" he questioned.Hospital authorities said that Dayanand had been admitted under the neurology department since he was diagnosed with a stroke. But Aarogyasri officials countered that if the patient was admitted under neurology department, why was the surgery performed. \"Had they contacted the Trust, we could have given telephonic approval for the surgery immediately since we are available round the clock. If patients had insisted, they would not have lodged a complained with the Trust,\" explained an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14397506", "title": "Gujarati snacks to fuel Sunita Williams's space odyssey", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarati snacks will fuel astronaut Sunita Williams's space odyssey. When Williams flew into space in 2006, she badly missed samosas.This time, however, she will take along her favourite Gujarati sweets \u2014 sukhdi and magas na laadu (ladoos made from gram flour).\"Sunita is extremely fond of Gujarati sweets, especially sukdhi. My three family members will be going to see her off in Kazakhstan and hand over the sweets to her,\" says her uncle Dinesh Rawal, who is travelling to the US on July 3, told TOI. \"She will also carry a small painting of Lord Shiva,\" he says.Rawal's wife Jashoda plans to prepare these sweets so that Sunita can carry them when she takes off on July 14 from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.Sunita is the commander of the Expedition 33 crew that includes flight engineers Yuri Malenchenko of the Russian Federal Space Agency and Akihiko Hoshide of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency.Rawal, a local Congress leader, has glowing memories of her niece, who has a penchant for Indian delicacies. \"In 2007, when she visited my house in Navrangpura, we offered her bhajiyas. The whole time that she ate, Sunita kept on wondering how was a potato stuffed inside the bhajiya. It was very amusing for all.\"On way to Agra from Delhi few years ago, she stopped over at a road-side dhaba and ordered for rotis and subji.Sunita, who will be in the space for six months will send her Diwali wishes while orbiting India. \"I will see how Gujarat and India look like from space. She wants to visit Gujarat after returning from space,\" she told Rawal.Sunita's father Deepak Pandya was born in Jhulasan near Mehsana. \"In 2002, she rode pillion with then minister Haren Pandya, her cousin brother. She had visited various areas in his constituency, Ellisbridge.Sunita had requested Pandya to ensure that these people get proper education,\" her uncle says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14398954", "title": "Police custody of Nonadanga activists extended", "text": "KOLKATA: The metropolitan magistrate's court on Monday extended the police custody term of 32 Nonadanga anti-eviction activists for five more days. All these activists, including Mazdoor Kranti Parishad general secretary Amitava Bhattacharya, were arrested from Esplanade last Wednesday for staging demonstration and demanding rehabilitation of the Nonadanga evictees. Police charged them for assaulting police and assembling illegally.The activists were sent to police custody as the prosecution alleged that they had plotted an armed chaos at Nonadanga and needed a thorough interrogation. On Monday, they were once again produced before the court where the investigation agency could not provide any evidence in favour of an armed chaos. But hinting at a link with the banned Maoist outfit, it was argued that police need more time to verify the identity of the activists as cops suspect the arrested persons are not from Nonadanga slum.Ironically, Bhattacharya and his party was one of the close associates of chief minister Mamata Banerjee during her Singur movement. Demanding immediate release of all these activists and condemning the 'state repression', members of rights organization APDR took out a rally from College Street to Esplanade on Monday evening.Earlier with same argument police arrested scientist Partho Sarathi Ray and hinted his maoist links. But with the mounting pressure from different quarters of the society across the globe, government bowed down and released Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "14395780", "title": "'Dollar' Seshadri gets 2 more years at Tirumala", "text": "TIRUMALA: Controversial Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) official P Seshadri, better known as 'Dollar' Seshadri, got a breather for another two years so that he can be at the 'service' of Lord Venkateswara and the VIP pilgrims at the hill shrine. The TTD executive board, which met on Monday, however, said that Seshadri, who was embroiled in the missing gold dollars scam which rocked the temple, would not be given another extension.Sources said that TTD management decided on the current extension as it felt that the temple could use Seshadri's vast experience of 40 years as 'par pathedar' (one who advises and monitors the conduct of festivals, celebrations and pujas). Sources said executive officer LV Subrahmanyam was keen on giving Seshadri an extension. The TTD, it is learnt, would use these two years to prepare guidelines on pujas and celebrations while the younger priests would train under him to gather the necessary experience to serve at the temple. Sources said that Seshadri was firmly told that this would be his last extension in the job although the controversial official - easily identified with the gold pendant round his neck - said that he wanted to serve the temple till his last breath. Seshadri's current term ends on July 5. Although he retired in July 2006, the TTD board, then under the chairmanship of present Tirupati MLA Bhumana Karunakar Reddy, granted him a two-year extension. Subsequently, his services were extended by another three years as a contract employee.Seshadri joined TTD again after getting a reprieve from the Supreme Court which suspended orders of the Andhra Pradesh high court dismissing the extension granted him as an officer on special duty (OSD) in June 2011. The apex court faulted the HC for entertaining a public interest litigation (PIL) on the service rules of TTD employees. Congress leader Mangati Gopal Reddy had filed the PIL in the high court in 2009 and, following a ruling by the court, the government removed him on April 28, 2010. The Supreme Court, however, asked TTD to take him on for 11 more months, that is, for the remainder of his service.Meanwhile, the TTD board under the chairmanship of Kanumuri Bapiraju took other decisions like regularizing the services of NMRs. The board also okayed the regularization of 167 barbers out of the 321 working at Kalyana Katta and approved the recruitment of 322 new barbers. Sources said 3,300 tonnes of ghee would be purchased for laddu and other prasadams by the board at a cost of Rs 84 crore this year.In another decision, TTD said that a new kitchen block would be constructed in the Vaikuntham queue complex II for the benefit of pilgrims. The board has also decided to construct a Srivari temple at Kurukshetra in Haryana at a cost of Rs 30 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14395906", "title": "IT companies line up to invest in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The city has emerged as an attractive investment destination for IT companies which are looking to expand operations amid global economic slowdown. According to industry experts, availability of workforce, incentives by the Madhya Pradesh government and availability of facilities are attracting IT companies to invest in the city, known as financial capital of the state.\"These days, five big companies including the likes of Infosys and TCS are investing crores in the IT Special Economic Zones (SEZ),\" Madhya Pradesh SEZ Development Commissioner A K Rathore said.He added that six years after notification as an SEZ in 2006, work has commenced recently at the Crystal IT Park.A senior official in the Union commerce ministry said that Crystal IT Park is the first SEZ in the IT sector in which production was commenced for exports. Madhya Pradesh Audyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam (MPAKVN) was given the responsibility of developing the SEZ. \"Impetus has recently begun exporting from the Crystal IT Park.Apart from Imptus, companies like Cleartrail and Intellicus have been given approval for investment,\" the official said. Rathore said companies are increasingly looking at investing in Indore as \"there are a large number of engineering colleges from where thousands of talented engineers graduate every year. Apart from that, the air and rail connectivity to the City has improved significantly.\" Meanwhile, the state government is also rolling out the red carpet to IT companies and is working towards developing Indore as the new IT destination.Officials said Infosys has been given 52.64 hectare (130 acre land), while TCS has been given 40.47 hectare (100 acre) on the Super Corridor by the state government.They said that the two IT giants were given the land to develop the SEZs at Rs 20 lakh per acre and added that Ruchi Realty Holdings, Impetus and Agroweb Online are also working on similar SEZ projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397382", "title": "Collection agent embezzles Rs 3.44 lakhs", "text": "NAGPUR: Lakadganj police booked a collection agent last week and charged him with criminal breach of trust for duping his employer to the tune of Rs 3.44 lakhs. Accused Abhishek Patil is learnt to have worked for grain distributor and broker Nitin Kumbhare, whose office is based at Chhapru Nagar. Patil had been entrusted with taking orders on behalf of his employer for supply of grains and also collect dues from various traders.Police said Patil had been collecting the dues but was not submitting them at the office , keeping his employer in the dark. It is learnt that between April and June, Patil had duped Kumbhare of Rs 3.44 lakhs before the trader found out about the misappropriation of dues after receiving information from other traders.Sources from Lakadganj police station said cops are now trying to nab Patil, a resident of Gawlipura in Sadar, to recover the amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396196", "title": "2 women throw kids before trains, commit suicide", "text": "JAIPUR: Two women, in separate incidents, threw their children before trains in Bhilwara and Bundi districts on Monday.The women then killed themselves by jumping in front of the trains.According to the police, Seema (30), a resident of Athgor village under the Indragarh police station area in Bundi, threw her 11-month-old son Rahul before the train and then jumped in front of it.\"Seema's husband Omprakash Mali had left for work early in the morning. Some neighbours saw Seema leaving the house around 5 am with Rahul,\" said a police officer.The railway crossing is a kilometer away from her house.\"The train did not stop. Some passers-by informed the police about the mutilated bodies lying on the railway tracks. A police team was rushed. The bodies have been handed over to the family members,\" the officer said.Seema, who was married for 10 years, also had an elder daughter. \"She was suffering from a prolonged illness. We are investigating the reasons that pushed her to take such a step. We are also looking into the possibility of frequent domestic feuds,\" the officer added.In another incident, a 25-year-old Maya Devi Sharma threw her two children Khushbu (8) and Deepu (2) in front of a train and then committed suicide near Kashipura in Bhilwara on Monday.\"Maya Devi had left her in-laws' house with her two children on Sunday evening on the pretext of visiting her parents. However, their mutilated bodies were found at a railway crossing,\" an officer said.\"It is yet to be ascertained which train hit the three. Their mutilated bodies were found scattered on the railway tracks. Preliminary investigation suggests that the woman committed suicide,\" he said.The statements of her family are being recorded. \"We are yet to reach a conclusion on why the woman committed suicide,\" the cop said. The bodies have been handed over to the family members after conducting post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396981", "title": "Private doctors strike slams govt", "text": "NAGPUR: It was supposed to be a show of strength as well as a rally for a cause. As expected, private doctors in city came on to the streets on Monday to register their protest over 'unjust and wrong policies of the central government', major being the Clinical Establishment Act (CEA) and the dissolution of Medical Council of India (MCI).After an in-house discussion at IMA (Indian Medical Academy), the doctors walked to the divisional commissioner's office and submitted a memorandum. The strike had been well planned, and so the good attendance was expected. However, it was the first time doctors actually justified their demands with some substantial arguments.Dr Kishor Taori, Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) president, said that there was no relation between the CEA and the patients. \"It is not at all in favour of patients, as claimed by the consumer forum. It is very much against the public and will stop progress of medical profession. Instead of decentralization, the government is making it extremely government centric,\" he said.Dr Ashok Adhao, former national IMA president and coordinator of the strike in the state, categorically said the CEA would shut down the practice of small and general practitioners as they cannot afford to meet the norms of waiting area, space and conditions of operations, and staff and infrastructural requirements.\"In last 30 years the government has never bothered to increase its health budget, develop infrastructure and recruit staff for its medical colleges and hospitals. First let the government set its own home right. Does the government expect doctors to take huge loans to set up new hospitals and then commit suicide? Do these ministers and government officials ever go to government hospitals for treatment? They come to private doctors. After all 80-90% of patients are treated by private doctors. Does government realize that the cost of meeting the norms will be passed on to the patients,\" he said.Adhao said IMA would not hesitate to go to court, if needed, against the act. Anyway, the act is supposed to be adopted by various state governments. \"We expect Maharashtra would also follow Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu , who have rejected it,\" he said.Dr Ashok Lanjewar, a medical activist, claimed that the act would benefit only the corporate sector. But most patients cannot afford the cost in these hospitals. \"It is only the small nursing homes and hospitals which run the health care system, especially in smaller cities,\" he said.Former IMA presidents and secretaries Dr Anil Laddhad, Dr YS Deshpande, Dr A Parate, Dr DN Agrawal and present president Dr Harish Chandak and secretary Dr Ashish Diswal and many senior doctors addressed the rally.IMA'S PRESCRIPTION* Cancellation of Clinical Establishment Act* Decentralization to make way for stronger local bodies instead of more national bodies like National Commission for Human Resources in Health Bill 2011* Cancellation of Bachelor in Rural Health Care (BRHC) course, which will produce half-baked doctors* No need for an exit exam for doctors* Postponing National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) for another 2-3 years till all states have uniform syllabus* Increase in pay scale of resident and junior doctors, at par with national level institutions* Amendment in Consumer Protection Act* Mandatory rural service only for doctors from government colleges and with better salaries and amenitiesMed representatives slam pharma cosWhile doctors took to the streets against government policies, the Maharashtra Sales and Medical Representatives' Association (MSMRA) condemned drug companies for bribing medical practitioners through schemes like 'pay for prescription', sponsored foreign trips and lavish parties in the name of scientific or continuing medical education (CME) sessions.The national body of representatives, FMRAI, also submitted a petition before the Lok Sabha on corrupt and unfair marketing and trade practices of drug companies. Banning the entry of medical representatives in big hospitals like KEM was not the solution to curb the malpractices, it said.The policy of the central government itself is responsible for escalating and differential pricing of same medicines, it said. It has nothing to do with branded or generic medicines. The government virtually made drug prices (control) order under Essential Commodities Act redundant by allowing drug companies to increase drug prices into super profits, it claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "14405198", "title": "Ethnic Indian duo on mission to raise organ donation awareness", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: Two ethnic Indian Malaysian men -- one a doctor and the other an aerospace engineer -- are on a mission to raise awareness on organ donation in the multi-religious country, by walking across the peninsula, highlighting that one donor could save up to eight patients.The cowboy hat-wearing duo are on a mission to collect at least 1,000 organ donor pledges by July 5.They started from Bukit Kayu Hitam area in Kedah state and reached the halfway mark of their journey in Cyberjaya outside Kuala Lumpur yesterday and already have 500 pledges in the bag.Dr Ghantan Palanisamy, 26, said his desire to travel throughout the country to spread awareness on organ donation began during his years as a houseman in India after graduating from Kasturba Medical College in Manipal. Upon returning home, he decided to spend the time before getting his hospital posting by making the 1,000km walk.\"One donor can save up to eight patients, but sadly, there is very little awareness of the importance of organ donation in our country,\" he said.His travel partner Ravinder Singh, 24, is an erospace engineer graduate from Universiti Sains Malaysia.Describing the experience as \"eye-opening,\" Ghantan, whose parents are rubber-tappers, said it helped him appreciate the \"little things\" he had always taken for granted. \"One man bought us a delicious meal and then got all nine of his children and his wife to sign up as organ donors,\" he said.According to the spokesman from the National Transplant Resource Centre, there are 15,000 patients on the waiting list for organ transplants, Star newspaper said.To date, only 190,000 living Malaysians are registered organ donors, the daily added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14400179", "title": "Carjackers kidnap man, flee with valuables", "text": "PANCHKULA: In yet another shocking incident, a car, laptop, a gold bracelet and cash were looted at gunpoint by four unidentified youths near Sector 12, Panchkula, late Sunday night after the car owner was kidnapped and then later left on the roadside along the Landran road. Vinay Kumar of Sector 21, Panchkula, works in a private insurance firm. He was knocked unconscious after forced to smell an anesthetic. Police suspect that a new gang was active in the township.This is third such incident in a week in Panchkula. Previously, miscreants had tried to kidnap a six-year-old child in Sector 9 and later there was an attempt to loot in a house in Sector 10.\"Vinay was returning from Zirakpur when he stopped near Sector 12, Panchkula, to answer nature's call. Suddenly, four youths in the age group of 20-25 with uncovered faces came from behind and hit him with the butt of a pistol. They also made him smell an anesthetic. When Vinay woke up, he saw that the carjackers were in his car and he was somewhere near Landran. One of the miscreants was driving,\" victim's brother Pradeep Kumar said. He added, \"Though Vinay tried to flee, the accused overpowered him by hitting him with the butt of their pistol. When Vinay tried to raise an alarm, the youths fired in the air and threatened him. They later left him on the roadside and fled with his car, Rs 10,000 in cash, a gold bracelet, laptop and other important documents.\"Injured Vinay somehow managed to reach a petrol pump situated near by and called up police and his family and told about the incident.\" A case has been registered,\" said deputy commissioner of police Parul Kush. According to sources, there may be a new gang active in Panchkula. \"The victim told us that the youths were speaking Punjabi and also the way they have committed the crime, it seems that it is a new gang. But we are also working on the theory of the involvement of the Zen gang,\" said a senior police official requesting anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14399720", "title": "Decide on Exxon Valdez\u2019s Alang break-up in 15 days: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday gave 15 days to Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB) and Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) to decide whether cargo ship Exxon Valdez, rechristened Oriental Nicety, be allowed to undertake its final journey to India's biggest ship-breaking yard at Alang.The ship, once responsible for the worst oil spills in US history when it ran aground off Alaska coast in 1989, has been anchored in international waters in Arabian Sea since the first week of May and is awaiting permission from the authorities to beach at Alang for dismantling.On May 3, the SC had sought responses from the Union ministry for environment and forests on an application filed by environment activist Gopal Krishna, who had requested the court to turn the ship away alleging that it had not followed the Basel Convention mandating decontamination of a vessel at the country of origin before being sent for breaking in another nation.A bench of Justices H L Gokhale and Ranjana P Desai brushed aside the ship owner's argument that anchoring in international water was costing him dear daily, and said the decision to beach at Alang had to be taken by the GMB and the GPCB. The court listed the matter for next hearing on July 9, while asking the authorities to take a decision during this period.Responding to Krishna's application, the ministry in its affidavit had said: \"The local authority concerned, GMB, may take a decision for anchoring and subsequent beaching and breaking of the ship in strict compliance of the apex court's September 6, 2009, directions.\"Exxon Valdez had been on the red radar of environmentalists since March 24, 1989, when it ran aground on Bligh Reef in Prince William Sound, Alaska. The vessel spilled approximately 10.9 million gallons of its 53 million gallon cargo of Prudhoe Bay crude oil, making it the largest oil spill in US waters.ExxonMobil Company took immediate responsibility for the spill, cleaned it up, and voluntarily compensated those who claimed direct damages. ExxonMobil paid $300 million immediately and voluntarily to more than 11,000 Alaskans and businesses affected by the Valdez spill. In addition, it also paid $2.2 billion on the cleanup of Prince William Sound, staying with the cleanup from 1989 till its completion in 1992. ExxonMobil also had paid $1 billion in settlements with the state and federal governments.Krishna had requested the SC to direct the Union government to ensure that no end-of-life ship be allowed into the country's coast without prior decontamination in the country of its origin.He had also sought an inquiry into the manner in which more than 5,000 dead ships were brought into Indian waters for breaking allegedly without following the norms laid down by the Supreme Court.The ship's owner, Best Oasis Ltd; had replied to Krishna's application through counsel Gaurav Goel, and also told the apex court that the GPCB and the GMB were denying permission to beach without even verifying whether the ship carried any hazardous waste on board.\"Exxon Valdez does not have any hazardous material,\" the owner declared and promised to abide by the apex court's 2009 directions in both letter and spirit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14400114", "title": "CBI attaches property of ex-minister Ekka", "text": "RANCHI: A CBI team attached property of former state road construction minister Enos Ekka in disproportionate assets case as his wife has failed to appear before a designated court and the investigating agency.The attachment was done after the investigating agency got a warrant from the special CBI court in Ranchi.Ekka's property was attached at Simdega town, his ancestral house, on Monday. Ekka was the minister in the cabinet of Madhu Koda. He is the second minister of Koda's cabinet whose property has been attached. Earlier, the CBI had attached the property of Hari Narayan Rai at Deoghar on Sunday. At present, both Ekka and Rai are in Birsa Munda Central Jail.CBI officials said since Ekka's wife and brother had been evading arrest, they had no option but to attach the property. \"We are facing difficulty in proceeding with the case because the former minister's wife Memon Ekka and his brother Gidiyon Ekka are not coming for interrogation,\" said an official.The CBI has charged the former minister, who was in the cabinet from 2005-09, with amassing around Rs 16.82 crore by misusing his office during his five-year tenure. Initially, he was a minister in the Arjun Munda cabinet and helped topple his government to join the ministry led by Koda in 2006.During investigation, the CBI found that the actual income of Ekka from all his known sources of income was around Rs 2.90 crore and his expenditure was Rs 3.79 crore which was more than his income. The period of assessment was from March 10, 2005 to March 31, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395296", "title": "Private doctors go on strike against clinical act", "text": "BHOPAL: Private clinics, nursing homes and local doctors affiliated to Indian Medical Association (IMA) participated in the nation-wide strike to protest the Centre's decision to set up a national commission for health, clinical establishment act (CEA) and to bring in some other policy changes concerning the medical field.Except for the emergency services, about 1,500 non-government doctors went on strike in the city since morning and some 125 nursing homes did not entertain outpatients, claimed IMA Bhopal chapter.In support of IMA medical bandh, doctors in the government-run hospitals wore black bands on their arms to express solidarity with the agitation. Number of patients at Outpatient department (OPD) of JP Hospital and Hamidia was reported at 851 and 1,034, respectively.EMRI 108 ambulance service district manager Dr Raies Khan said of 49 emergency cases, 42 were rushed to government hospitals.IMA member and MP Nursing Home Association (Bhopal district) president Dr Vinod Jain claimed the day- long medical bandh was success. Reports indicate instances of patients unaware of the strike being turned away from private nursing homes during the day. Some private practitioners, however, resumed work later in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397001", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation removes 900 speed breakers", "text": "NAGPUR: Motorists in the city have long been troubled by nearly 1000 speed breakers dotting the city streets in often futile hope of curbing road accidents. Worse, they were putting up with them despite a clear high court order given six years ago to remove them. In the last three months though, NMC has removed nearly all of them. Of the 984 speed breakers just 97 remain at present.A senior NMC official told TOI that the 97 speed breakers remained on the roads were the only constructed according to the norms of Indian Roads Congress and with the approval of District Road Safety Committee headed by district collector. \"Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court had directed the NMC to remove speed breakers in violation of norms and without consent of the committee. NMC conducted a survey 2011 and prepared the list of speed breakers. Of the total, 867 speed breakers were not built as per norms. All were removed in last three months,\" he said.The official further said the High Court asked to remove around 20 speed breakers of remaining 117. \"Speed breakers at GPO square and near High Court building in Civil Lines and on Subhash Nagar T-point to Hingna T-point were removed a few days ago. The particular portion has been asphalted soon after removal,\" he said.As per norms, speed breakers should have a 4-inch hump and 3.7 metre slope. \"Distance between speed breakers on one stretch of road should be at least 100-120 metres. However, zone offices constructed speed breakers according to demand of corporators, political leaders and citizens. Just 103 speed breakers were constructed by the NMC's head office and remaining 881 by zone offices. All such speed breakers were removed. Besides, six speed breakers constructed by head office were also removed.\"The High Court had passed the orders hearing the public interest litigation (PIL) filed by advocate RP Joshi in 2006. \"Principal bench comprising then chief justice Dalveer Bhandari and Sharad Bobde passed orders for survey and removal of unauthorized speed breakers. NMC did nothing to comply. I filed a contempt petition in 2010. Then, the NMC started to take cognizance and claimed to remove the unauthorized speed breakers,\" Joshi told TOI.Joshi further said the speed breakers were not only unauthorized but also did not have any warning signs like blinkers, paint etc. \"Some persons lost their lives in mishaps caused by the speed breakers. A police constable died due to the same reason on Ring Road while chasing a jeep. The NMC and traffic police should come up with better measures to prevent mishaps. Speed breakers are not the only solution,\" he said.Zone-wise speed breakers removedZoneRemovedLaxmi Nagar57Dharampeth45Hanuman Nagar31Dhantoli87Nehru Nagar36Gandhibagh35Satranjipura174Lakadganj48Ashi Nagar173Mangalwari195Head Office6Total887", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14397511", "title": "Sports good manufacturers discontented with state budget", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab finance minister Parminder Singh Dhindsa's tax free budget has not cut much ice with sports good manufacturers.Their long-pending demand of doing away with VAT for sports goods has not been met this time too. Though, 40 crore have been earmarked for Punjab institute of sports at Jalandhar, nothing much has been done for workers employed with sports good industry. The 1,000 crore industry has been struggling and facing stiff competition from Meerut nationally and from China internationally.The biggest hurdle being the lack of new technology in manufacturing goods, which has hit the industry badly here. \"We have been pleading to the state government to do away with VAT, as UP did since 2008, to give boost to the industry but nothing has been done,\" said Jyoti Sharma owner of Spartan, a Jalandhar-based sports good manufacturing company. The Punjab government increased VAT from 4% to 5.5 % in 2009.For sportspersons, a bonanza of 2.25 crore, 1.5 crore and 51 lakh for gold, silver and bronze Olympic winners has been announced, but for daily wagers, who toil day in and day out, there is hardly anything. However, scholarship (1.5 cr) will be awarded to 100 sportspersons in 13 disciplines. There has been an additional provision of Rs 13 crore for playgrounds in 1,233 villages and Rs10 crore has been earmarked for synthetic hockey surfaces in district stadiums.FC Sondhi and Company India Pvt Ltd managing director Anurag Sondhi said, \"It is good to support athletes and budding players but the government should also help industry to do well and provide new technology to perform us better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398304", "title": "High court grants bail to Securities and Exchange Board of India official", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday granted bail to suspended deputy general manager of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) Avarjeet Singh, who was arrested on corruption charges.Besides Singh, Justice J C Upadhyay also granted bail to another accused in the same case, Ashok Mehta. Singh was given bail on furnishing bond of Rs 25,000 and on condition that he will have to mark his presence every month at the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) office. Singh was ordered to be released after his counsel S V Raju told the court that he would not enter Mumbai till July 31 so there was no possibility of influencing any witness. The court sought this assurance because Singh had been working on a senior position with the SEBI. Besides, it was contended on part of the accused persons that the remand was already over.Singh and Mehta have been lodged in the Sabarmati central jail after their arrest by the CBI earlier this month. The duo was arrested in connection with a complaint filed by a promoter of city-based trading company S V Enterprise, Sarfaraz Khan. Singh is accused of accepting Rs 10 lakh as bribe to clear Kahn's name from the alleged racket of market manipulation. tnnAfter the arrest of the duo in connection with this global depository receipt (GDR) scam, a special CBI court sent them for custodial interrogation. However, the probe agency wanted more remand of Singh, but the lower court refused. This brought the CBI to the high court demanding further remand. Justice R H Shukla granted his further remand of four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398311", "title": "Industrialist detained under Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city-based businessman accused of several economic offences has been detained under the Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities (COFEPOSA) Act, 1974, which is meant to put habitual smugglers behind bars. Directorate Revenue Intelligence (DRI) detained Ashok Panchariya, a textile trader and importer, after the agency busted a betel nut import scam in which traders misused the SAARC Preferential Trading Arrangement (SAPTA) to evade duty.Last year, DRI booked a case against Panchariya, a resident of Vrundavan Bungalows, Thaltej, and city-based importer Sarfaraz Khan after it seized 72 metric tonnes of betel nut at Nhava Sheva port in Mumbai. DRI officials found that Khan, a resident of Juhapura, had imported the betelnut through his company SV Enterprise from Indonesia but changed the country of origin to Sri Lanka to claim benefits of preferential rate of duty. For betel nut import from Indonesia one has to pay 108% duty, while for Sri Lanka the duty is only 8% as it falls under SAPTA.\"It was found that Khan was only the front face, but Panchariya had masterminded the scam. We found that Panchariya along with uncle-nephew duo, Narendra and Dhaval Lodia, who hold Indonesian passports and Mohammad Ali Ganthi, a Sri Lankan national, were carrying out the illegal imports,\" said a DRI official. Khan admitted that he was carrying out the import on behalf of Panchariya for which he was paid a premium, said the official.\"Panchariya and his brother Arun have been accused of several economic offenses including stock market scams. Panchariya used to send money to the Indonesians for betel nut imports through a Dubai-based company Vintage FZE, in which he is a director,\" the official said adding that Pancharia has evaded Rs 4.4 crore duty in betel nut imports.\"SV Enterprise was formed in January 2011. However, before that Panchariya, through companies like Elite Impex and others, masterminded heavy melting scrap, diaper and wet date import scam. With all this, it became important to detain Panchariya,\" the official added.Last year, two city-based importers Lilaram Asudani and Dilip Dhakkan were detained under COFEPOSA after their names cropped up in a smuggling case where 28,580 memory cards hidden in refrigerators and plasma TVs were smuggled into India from Singapore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401253", "title": "Cops scan Arnala forest for loan agent\u2019s remains", "text": "MUMBAI: The Borivli police have been combing the forest near Arnala to trace the remains of bank loan agent Sanjay Chavan, who was abducted and killed two years ago, allegedly by property broker Gopal Pandey and his associates. Chavan's body had been doused with petrol and set on fire back in March 2010, making it difficult for investigators to locate even his bones. In a chillingly similar manner , Pandey and his aides had abducted and killed Nitin Dhakan, a Borivli-based developer , in April this year at Manor. Officials now suspect that Pandey, who has not shown any remorse for his crimes, could have been involved in more killings.Chavan (48) resided at Shivaji Nagar in Borivli with wife Supriya and two daughters . He had offered to buy a luxury car for Pandey on a loan. But when Chavan was unable to procure the car, Pandey felt humiliated. Besides this, Chavan had also offered to get a loan for Pandey's aide Afzal Shaikh, by mortgaging the latter's house. Chavan took lakhs of rupees from Afzal on the pretext of expediting the loan process. He complained to Pandey when Chavan was unable to get the loan sanctioned.On March 11, 2010, Chavan had gone to a temple at Shimpoli in Borivli. Pandey and his aides accosted him and took him to a cowshed and thrashed him. After a few hours, the accused bundled Chavan into an Innova and took him to Arnala where he was thrashed again,\" said investigating officer Ravi Adane. Chavan was confined for sometime, before the accused once again headed for Arnala with him. Pandey's driver, Shashikant Yadav, purchased cans of petrol. Around 8pm, they steered into a forest at Arnala where they killed Chavan and set his body afire.Besides Pandey, Shashikant and Afzal, three others were involved in the case. They were identified as Harun Shaikh, Birbal Singh and Ajay Yadav. The vehicle used in the abduction was seized. \"Harun and Birbal were also involved in the Dhakan killing. We suspect Pandey changed associates for every offence that he committed,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14395687", "title": "Indore to get India's first handicraft museum", "text": "INDORE: India's first ever handicraft museum is to come up in Indore at the SDPS Women's College on the Khandwa Road here soon. Various art forms on wood, terracotta, folk painting, traditional metal work, textile, leather, stone carving, bamboo and cane gallery followed by household craft will be housed at this museum, say sources familiar with the development.The forthcoming museum has a chaukhat of a typical village as its entrance. The proposed museum will have an elaborate display of the rich cultural heritage and different art forms of Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.An interesting aspect of the gallery is that the household materials such as brooms have been used to make impressive art forms. An exclusive gallery showing the rich textile related heritage of Chanderi and Batuk print sarees will also be on the display, but not for sale.The ministry of textiles had sanctioned the setting up of the museum around four years ago with a government aid of Rs 50 lakh.\"Another grant was given to IIT Kanpur. But the museum there is still under construction making Indore to be the first place to get such a museum,\" said Manjeet Arora, vice-principal of College of Commerce and Management on the development.Museums and galleries aren't mere showrooms of antiquated articles. They're living embodiments of cultural and national heritage. \"The various artifacts of your history ring out to you, a reminder of just how you got to where you are now. From the simple tools and paintings of prehistory, to the dated machinery of the industrial revolution, museums show you the path of human life throughout the ages by providing actual examples of how we used to live. Museum exhibits illustrate our storied past by showing you the actual items from the times,\" she added.\"It provides excellent exposure to the students so as to enhance their visualization and creativity as they could observe a variety of good works under one roof,\" said Vishal Yardi, principal, SDPS College of Architecture and Interior Design, while talking about the new museum.\"SDPS Women's College fashion design students are privileged to have museum on their campus which will be helpful in their academic subjects like art appreciation and traditional Indian textiles. Students can have the benefit to see the textile and artifacts procured here. Students will also be benefited with the association and guidance of artisans for their subject craft cluster. They can prepare artifacts along with the artisans according to the latest trends,\" Hemant Kaushik, principal fashion design, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14400800", "title": "Man\u2019s body found floating in lake", "text": "BANGALORE: Parappana Agrahara police have registered a case of murder after a 36-yearold school bus driver's body was found in Koodlu Lake late on Sunday evening. Suresh, a resident of Shantipura and driver with Sadguru Sainath School and College, Koodlu, off Hosur Road, is believed to have been strangled to death before his body was thrown into the lake.On June 21, Suresh was seen with his colleague, Iqbal, drinking in a bar near the school. Suresh's wife, Rekha, had called him at 10pm and he told her that he was with Iqbal and would reach home soon. Rekha tried calling her husband again after two hours, but there was no reply, and hence, she called up Iqbal.Iqbal said that Suresh had a fall but would reach home soon. But Suresh did not return home even the next day, prompting Rekha to file a missing person complaint. Police are trying to track down Iqbal,who left his house in Bommanahalli along with his wife and gone to Kolar. \"Iqbal would not have gone missing if he was innocent. We booked a case of murder,\" said H Subbanna, assistant commissioner of police (Madivala sub division).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396620", "title": "Man surrenders before police, admits to killing college girl", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old photographer surrendered before the Koyambedu police late on Sunday night, admitting to having murdered a college student in her Guindy house on Saturday. Mohan of Choolaimedu told police he murdered Jayanthi, his cousin, because she ditched him. Mohan was remanded in judicial custody on Monday.Jayanthi, third year BSc student of a city college, was found dead at her house in Guindy on Saturday by her mother, who works as a domestic help.\"Jayanthi had stopped talking to Mohan and had allegedly become close to another boy which irritated Mohan. Mohan was a photographer and planned to marry the woman,\" said a police officer based on Mohan's statement. Mohan had apparently asked her to break off her relationship with the boy to who she had reportedly become close, police said.During the course of the interrogation, Mohan told police he had often visited Jayanthi's house as her mother was his aunt and subsequently fell in love with her. Jayanthi had started to ignore him recently and even avoided meeting him, he told police.On Saturday night, Mohan came to Jayanthi house when she was alone and soon picked up a quarrel. Soon, the two exchanged blows but Mohan managed to overpower her and strangled her with her dupatta.Her mother, who came home late that night, found Jayanthi lying unconscious and alerted some of her neighbours. A few of them told her that Mohan had come to the house a couple of hours earlier. Police reached the spot and sent the body to the Government General hospital for post-mortem. A mosquito repellent was also recovered from the scene of crime.\"However, we are waiting for a detailed post mortem report to know the exact cause of death,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14399908", "title": "UP government should get full marks for minority appeasement: BJP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: When son is the examinee and father is the evaluator, then it is natural that latter would award 100 marks to former, said state Bharatiya Janata Party(BJP) president, Dr Laxmi Kant Bajpayee while commenting on Mulyam Singh Yadav's statement awarding 100 marks to the 100 days rule of Samajwadi Party government in the state under Akhilesh Yadav .Talking to newspersons on Monday in support of party candidate for the post of mayor, Dr Kamla Singh the state BJP president said that the only area where the SP government can be awarded 100 marks is Muslim appeasement. Otherwise the government has failed on all fronts including law and order, development, upliftment of farmers and power supply.Bajpayee said that BJP is in direct fight in virtually every seat for the post of mayor in the state and at Allahabad the party candidate enjoys an advantage over others in the backdrop of the fact that she is the only candidate who is contesting elections on an official party symbol.He exhorted the people of the city to vote for the BJP candidate who enjoys a clean and non-controversial image and would work for the all round development of the city.He also flayed the state government for adopting a soft approach towards employees who were found guilty of underweighing at wheat procurement centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14396738", "title": "Gender bender not the last word", "text": "KOLKATA: Had Pinki Pramanik been born in the city, to well-educated parents, the champion sprinter's fate might have been different. She may have been 'cured' of her gender anomaly and spared a lifetime of ridicule and humiliation.Congenital sexual disorders can be cured early, say specialists. But for this the treatment has to start before the child is three years old. Pinki's parents neither had the awareness nor the wherewithal to get her treated in Kolkata, 300km away, 26 years ago. They couldn't even buy her a pair of canvas shoes when she started winning medals in inter-state competitions.The treatment can take anything between three and six years, depending on the extent of the disorder, say experts. Both androgen insensitivity syndrome (AIS) and congenital androgen hyperplacia (CAH) - the two most common disorders of sexual development (DSD) - are curable to the extent that could help a person carry out a normal social life. It can very rarely restore their reproductive abilities.Even though external symptoms are not always identifiable for parents, experts can detect them readily, said Deepankar Ray, paediatric surgeon. \"It's not unusual for parents to detect the abnormalities either. Once they bring their children to us, we begin treatment immediately. But the trouble arises when the abnormalities are overlooked or suppressed for fear of social stigma. This delays treatment and makes it difficult for the patient. A youngster needs to have a definite sexual identity by the time he or she is 5-6 years old. Else, the patient could feel isolated and won't know how to deal with the situation,\" said Ray.AIS, which leads a male to have female features, is fairly common. It is prompted by the ineffectiveness of androgen, to which the body doesn't respond. Such patients could be chromosomally male, but outwardly female. \"Some may have internal testicles and lack female reproductive organs like the uterus and the ovary. In such cases, parents are given the choice to choose either sex for their child, depending on the extent of the physical abnormalities and the natural tendencies of the child. Often, parents tend to opt for a conversion to a male child and they have to be counselled against it, in case we find it unsuitable for the patient,\" said Dhruba Ray, gynaecologist.Generally, AIS patients are put on a course of oestrogen hormone and their male genitals are surgically removed. Such people generally have an enlarged clitoris which resembles a penis. Then, a vaginoplasty is conducted to let the patient have a normal sexual life as a female.\"All these are an attempt to make the child as close to a female as possible. But it has to be remembered that the internal organs are still missing and the patient won't be able to bear a child. The surgery is carried out in stages and could be conducted over a period of even three-four years, depending on the corrections that are required,\" said Ray. He added that AIS patients could also opt to be male. \"In that case, it is the phallus that has to be reconstructed,\" he said.CAH, on the other hand, leads a female to develop male features. They have to be administered cortiso-steroid to neutralize the male hormones. Like AIS, it is detectable very early, often at birth. Patients tend to have a partially formed vagina, an enlarged phallus and grow facial hair as they reach adolescence. Female reproductive organs, like the uterus, are generally missing. There have been instances of such patients bearing a child, though it is rare, say experts.Corrective surgery is done to reconstruct the vagina and the phallus is removed. \"As in the case of AIS, a CAH patient, too, could opt to turn a male even though she is chromosomally female,\" said Dhruba Ray.Experts warned that medical advice is essential for children with congenital sexual disorders. If neglected, it could even lead to cancer. Those suffering from testicular feminization syndrome (patients who are outwardly female but with internal testicles) were particularly at risk. \"The internal testicles often turn cancerous. It's advisable to have them removed as early as possible,\" said Ray.Some specialists are of the opinion that treatment should wait till a child reaches puberty. \"Often, the symptoms are not apparent, especially for CAH patients, till 12 years. That's when parents seek medical advice, especially for their daughters. It's not too late for a corrective surgery,\" said Dhruba Ray.The early symptoms should be heeded and treatment sought earlier, felt Deepankar Ray. \"The earlier it's done the better. It helps to reduce the psychological scars. The physical anomalies, too, can be corrected better at a younger age,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14399040", "title": "Salt Lake land transfer legal now", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government this week has issued a gazette notification, legalizing leasehold residential land transfer in Salt Lake.State urban development secretary Debashis Sen said transfer of lease is now permissible for residential plots. \"However, it will not be an automatic process, there will be a system of checks and balances will be in place in the process,\" he said.The notification, which has been issued by order of the governor, mentions that there are about 13,000 residential plots in Salt Lake and most of them have been leased out to people for residential purpose on a subsidized rate. The government, the notification says, had allowed transfer of residential plots of Kalyani township and also of non-residential plots in Salt Lake in 2005. The lease of such plots can be transferred for a permission fee under certain terms and conditions.Residential plots in Salt Lake had been leased out by the government for a tenure of 999 years.The notification mentions that the leaseholders of residential plots or houses in Bidhannagar will be allowed to transfer their leasehold rights for an unexpired term by paying a transfer fee of Rs 5 lakh for each cottah. Those who would like to transfer the leasehold rights will have to inform to the state urban development department stating the intention for such transfer. The transfer fees will, however, not be applicable for those transferring lease rights to father, mother or spouse. The provisions of the notification apply to the lessees or occupants of stalls, shops and the members of housing cooperative societies in Salt Lake. All existing and pending applications and cases will also come under the purview of the notification.The notification also mentions that in case of a transfer of lease right, all the terms and conditions of the original lease deed executed between the government and the lessee of the residential plots or building shall also apply to the person who is buying the leasehold right. And that will apply to all subsequent transfers as well. It has also been decided that the same will be applicable for plots that have already been sold or transferred. According to civic sources, around 35% of plots in Salt Lake have been illegally \"sold\" or transferred earlier.According to officials, the process of allowing leaseholders to transfer their lease rights will have several steps. Before the urban development department checks and verifies a lease transfer application and gives permission, the matter will also be checked by the Bidhannagar Municipality and also by the police before the urban development departments gives the final nod.Earlier this month, the state cabinet, chaired by the chief minister, passed the proposal to give legal stamp to leasehold residential land transfer in Salt Lake. By taking this major decision, the government will be able to earn a good amount of revenue.The government expects to raise more than Rs 1,000 crore through the process of regularizing the sale of unsold plots and legalizing the sale that took place earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395223", "title": "Paper leak not a spot of bother for authorities", "text": "BHOPAL: From now on, the Madhya Pradesh Professional Education Board (MPPEB) will not cancel any exam in case of paper leak. The board has started keeping ready back-up set of question papers, which can be rushed to the exam centres within 20 minutes after paper leak to avoid cancellation of the exam.This year, the board conducted PET and PMT exams on the basis of the concept, where two sets of questions papers were provided to the control rooms in the cities where the test was conducted.Talking to the media here on Monday while presenting the annual report, board's chairperson, Ranjana Choudhary said the objective behind having an extra set of question paper is to ensure that the exams are not cancelled.The extra set of questions papers during every exam is provided to the control rooms. However, the board authorities refused to comment on the expenses occurred during every exam by providing extra set of papers, she said.After implementing several measures, the board has managed to keep 'Munna Bhais' away from this year. \"We have successfully used biometric process, metal detector and sample of handwriting of the candidates to check cases of impersonation or Munna Bhais in Pre-PG and PMT exam this year,\" Chuadhary said.Rising number of students writing PMT is enough to understand the trust reposed by candidates in the MPPEB. \"Around 38,000 students appeared in PMT this year and 26,000 students appeared in the same exam last year,\" Choudhary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14400673", "title": "Summer camp ends on a musical note", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the concluding day of the 15-day summer camp organized by Lodhi Club, children of the members put their best foot forward and displayed skills they learned during the camp in a gala show organized on Monday. At the occasion, kids displayed various dance forms and played musical instruments to entertain their parents, who were invited to watch the performances.Roma Gupta, a homemaker and resident of Sukmani Enclave, whose son Udit played the electric guitar and daughter Prachi danced, said, \"It was great to see children rock the show. My son Udit played the song \"Papa Kehte Hain\" on an electric guitar and my daughter danced on \"Dhinka Chika\". I was elated to see my kids perform so well.\"Sapna Kanwar, a homemaker and resident of Agar Nagar, said, \"It was very entertaining to see kids perform and play musical instruments. I was surprised to see kids perform so well in different dance forms, including Punjabi, Western, Hip Hop and Salsa.\"Twelve-year-old Jessica Bindra of Sarabha Nagar whose mother Guneeta Bindra taught dance to the kids at the summer camp, said, \"I performed on the song, \"Inni Logoon Ne Le Liya Dupatta Mera\" which was choreographed by my mother. Initially, I was a bit nervous but later when the audience started to cheer, I gained confidence and performed my best.\"Pawan Garg, cultural secretary of Lodhi Club, said, \"In the 15-day summer camp, children were taught dance, guitar and cooking classes were also organized for adults. Guneeta Bindra taught Hip Hop, Punjabi, Western and Salsa dance and Gagan taught Guitar. We had also invited two cooks from leading hotels to give lessons on cooking to club members.\" Around 120 children attended the summer camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398615", "title": "Deemed varsities to adopt single entrance test for undergraduate engineering courses", "text": "NEW DELHI: Deemed universities are likely to adopt the single entrance test for undergraduate engineering programmes. Incidentally, the format of a common test had met with opposition from some sections in the Indian Institutes of Technology. In a meeting with HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Monday the university heads gave their \"in-principle\" approval to the new format.At present, several deemed universities conduct their own entrance tests, while some adopt AIEEE scores and the rest take state JEE results. This step is aimed at reducing stress among students having to appear for multiple exams. Sources said that the universities had agreed to give a minimum of 40% weightage to board marks.The ministry has, however, been cautious in its approach. It has asked universities to respond to the proposal formally, and also announced that any concerns would be dealt with in subsequent meetings.Sources said that varsities would have the freedom to choose appropriate weightages for performance in Class XII Boards and the main exam standardized on percentile basis. Universities willing to give 100% weightage to class XII board marks performance for admission were also welcome to do so, though 40% would be the minimum.Sibal said the deemed universities were welcome to join the proposed test so that not only the system of exam is streamlined but also reduces the stress on the students appearing in multiple tests.The minister's suggestion implies students aspiring to join engineering programmes under these universities would not have to appear for the advance test as has been proposed under the new system.\"After detailed discussions, the universities welcomed the proposal of having a single exam in engineering giving weightage to school board marks. They assured Sibal that they would be intimating their decision on the weightages for the two Board marks and the main exam,\" a ministry statement said.Institutions that have concerns may also indicate the same so that they could be resolved at a separate meeting, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401139", "title": "State looks to BKC as an alternative seat of power", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mantralaya tragedy has thrown open a discussion on whether there should be an alternative seat of power, which could be a backup to the state's administrative headquarters.A suggestion for setting up a secretariat building at the Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC) was discussed at a cabinet meeting on Monday. A source said the principal secretary of the urban development (UD) department brought up the topic and it was well received by all cabinet members. To drive home his point, the bureaucrat mentioned the possibility of natural disasters like a tsunami hitting the Mantralaya building, since it is close to the sea.The office space options before the gover nment, though limited, include World Trade Centre and the Air India building at Nariman Point and Vasvani Chambers in Worli. Senior officials have also hinted at vacant public land at prime locations, where an alternative secretariat can be constructed. One such plot, admeasuring 12 acre, is at Worli Dairy. \"We are looking into the possibility of other government buildings too. These include GT Hospital and the MTNL building. Some secretariat offices could be shifted to empty floors in these buildings,\" said an official.Among gutted Mantralaya offices are those of the chief minister, deputy chief minister , chief secretary and the general administration, home, EGS, transport, revenue, relief and rehabilitation, urban development and energy departments .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395393", "title": "No inspector to check lifts in high-rises", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has no inspector to check lifts in the city, where the number could be well over 100! Reason: the BMC doesn't have any provision to register lift, going by what corporation officials say.\"The Madhya Pradesh Municipal Corporation Act fails to provide any law to govern and maintain elevators in the cities of the state,\" BMC commissioner, Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"The corporation had not thought of it as there were hardly one or two high-rises in Bhopal in the past,\" he added.\"Whenever there is an accident, the fire department takes care of rescuing the residents,\" he said.There have been more than a dozen incidents last year when the lifts collapsed due to lack of proper maintenance,\" BMC officials said.\"Registration of the lifts should be made mandatory,\" Mahira Salamuddin, Congress corporator said. \"Now as many high-rises came up in the city, the corporation should introduce something to take care of the lifts as well,\" she added.\"Even if the Madhya Pradesh Municipal Corporation Act does not have the provision for registering and maintaining lifts, the National Building Code offers regulations to get lifts maintained and registered with the corporation,\" says retired bureaucrat M N Buch.\"Moreover, it should be mandatory for builders to register lifts while seeking building permission,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397204", "title": "Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association gets support from other associations", "text": "BANGALORE: Some school children could have an unexpected vacation from July 16 to July 22. Thanks to many school associations expressing their willingness to support the Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association in its decision to shut schools for a week.\"We're having a high-level committee meeting on Wednesday to decide on it,\" said LR Shivramegowda, president, Karnataka Federation of Independent Schools' Management (KFISM). The Karnataka State Private School Management Federation has also called for an emergency meeting and will give clarifications on different aspects of the Right to Education Act to member schools.KUSMA vice-president VRN Reddy said the organization is getting calls from many associations across the state and they may join KUSMA which has around 1,600 schools. KFISM has 152 ICSE schools and 132 CBSE schools under its umbrella.The Associated Management of Primary and Secondary Schools in Karnataka said its schools won't close. \"Such acts are completely undemocratic and unconstitutional. Getting such benefits is minority institutions' rights given to them by the Constitution. We're not with KUSMA on this,\" said KS Krishna Iyer, its secretary general.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398394", "title": "Man chases snatchers, nabs 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: A delivery boy working for a transport company on Monday morning caught hold of one of the five men who looted Rs 1.9 lakh from him near IGI airport.Sarabjit Singh was waiting at the Rangpuri bus stand to go to Vasant Kunj for depositing the company's money at a private bank.\"Suddenly, five men came and snatched the bag from Singh. However, he gave them a chase and nabbed one of the accused and recovered Rs 10,000 in cash. He immediately called the PCR van,\" said an official of the firm.According to the company officials, they had to wait from 11.30am to 6.45pm to register a case because of confusion between the IGI and Vasant Kunj (south) police stations over who covers the area. Finally, the IGI police registered the case at the end of a seven-hour wait.Police, however, denied the charge. \"We were trying to determine the nature of the case. Prima facie, it seems the victim was playing a game of cards with his friends and was planning to use the money for betting. When his friends saw the huge amount, they tried to rob him. He chased and caught one of them. The IGI airport police is investigating the case,'' said a police officer.The company officials said one of the accused called them up and pleaded them not to lodge a police case, promising to return the stolen money if spared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396283", "title": "IIT-B powers world's cheapest tablet", "text": "MUMBAI: Aakash 2.0 was launched on Monday at the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay. Aakash 2.0 has a faster processor and a capacitive touchscreen as opposed to its previous version and a battery power which lasts for three hours. Initially, the tablets will be sent only to engineering colleges across the country.HRD Minister Kapil Sibal said, (via video conference), \"Aakash is no longer just a device that only consumes content. Through the efforts of IIT-B, Aakash is now a device that creates content.\"Aakash 2.0 has a processor of 800 megahertz against the 366 MHz of the previous version. The touchscreen is capacitive making it easy on the fingers. The battery power has been upgraded from 2,000 mili ampere hour (approximately less than 2 hours) to 3,200 mili ampere hour (approximately 3 hours). All these features were negotiated at a price of Rs 2,263., down from 2,276 by the IIT-B team.The specifications of Aakash 2.0 were upgraded at the Aakash lab set up in the computer science and engineering department at the Powai campus.The first 100 samples of the device were sent for research and around 150 people were engaged. , including PhD scholars, MTech students, project engineers and interns.Aakash was earlier launched in October 2011; however, the project failed to take off. Three months ago the project was handed over to IIT-B under Professor D B Phatak.Phatak said, \"Since the tablets in phase I is to be used by engineering students, we had to upgrade the specifications to meet their requirements.\" Speaking about the future plan, he said, \"We are planning to deploy around one lakh tablets funded by the Centre to more than 500 engineering colleges. In the initial phase, the plan is to issue 100 tablets each to 168 engineering colleges by September this year. By December we plan to increase the numbers to 250 colleges.\" While 60 tablets in each college will be used for teaching, the remaining 30 will be given to final year students to develop applications for Aakash. \"The applications developed by students from across the country will be collected and stored as repository to be used and downloaded in open source. Some of the applications can be developed for schools to colleges, to vocational education and professional studies for future use,\" said Phatak. He is also on the committee set up to ensure continuous R&D; on Aakash. \"Aakash will not be available just to the student community in technical institutions and universities, but will be a low-cost access device for the public at large.\" The institute has partnered with CDAC in this project to do rigorous lab tests for the samples. In later years, IIT Bombay proposes to continually work with CDAC to develop future enhancements to Aakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398276", "title": "No end to mill workers' strike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The strike by textile mill workers continued on Monday after a meeting between managements, the labor department , Ahmedabad Textile Mill's Association (ATMA) and Ahmedabad Textile Labour Association (TLA) representatives failed to produce a result. The meeting had officials from Arvind, Ashima and Asarawa Textiles mills.The striking workers are demanding interim relief and the reinstating of sacked laborers, but the meeting ended with TLA members being asked to get a mandate from the workers to represent them. Under the Bombay Industrial Relations Act, 1946, TLA is the representative and bargaining body for textile workers in Ahmedabad.Demanding a 40 per cent hike in wages, more than 6,000 workers from Arvind, Ankur, Ashima and Asarawa Textile mills have struck work. It all started on June 4 with Arvind Mill's Naroda plant workers deciding to abstain from work. The situation became critical as workers shunned TLA and decided to go on strike alone.As the wage issue will be decided by an industrial court, the workers are asking for Rs 1,600 every month as interim relief. Terming the strike as illegal, Arvind, Ashima and Ankur textiles have sacked several employees.\"The companies fear the workers may not listen to TLA members even after a deal is struck. In such a situation, holding a meeting at ATMA might be futile and worsen the situation. For now, TLA has been asked to get written consensus from the workers and then a meeting will be held again,\" said a textile company official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14397652", "title": "NDA awaits intimation from CBI about arrests", "text": "PUNE: The National Defence Academy (NDA) at Khadakwasla is awaiting a formal report from the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) regarding the class IV employees' recruitment scam that came to light on Sunday.A serving officer, Colonel Kulbir Singh, who is staff officer to the NDA commandant, and five others were arrested on Saturday by the anti-corruption unit of the CBI for allegedly taking 'illegal gratification' in cash from favoured candidates for issuing a confirmed appointment letter. The six suspects were remanded to CBI custody till July 2 by a special court here.On Monday, the NDA public relations officer (PRO) issued a release, which said, \"Preliminary internal inquiry carried out by the NDA authorities reveals that the alleged involvement of the officer as reported in the press is probably an act of omission/commission of his own. Prima facie, the role of others in his action could not be established.\"The release further said, \"The NDA authorities are committed to fully assisting the investigating agencies probing the allegations and have sought a formal report from the investigating agency to progress the internal inquiry.\"When asked what action the NDA is contemplating in the matter, NDA's officer in-charge of public relations Lieutenant Commander G Gireesh said, \"We are yet to receive any formal communication from the investigation agency regarding their action in the case so far.\"He said, \"The issue of constituting a formal board of inquiry will come up when the NDA gets some official intimation from the investigating agency. As of now, we are responding to what we have been gathering from the reports that have appeared in the press and the preliminary release that has been issued by the CBI. We can go further with our internal inquiry once we get the CBI's formal report.\"The alleged recruitment scam is, however, proving a serious cause of concern for the NDA authorities vis-a-vis the image of this iconic institution, which is the only tri-services defence training academy of its kind in the country.The NDA had set off the process of recruitment for 97 posts including that of lower division clear, civilian motor driver, cook, gardener, 'chowkidar', 'safaiwala', etc. The recruitment was based on an examination.In its report to the special CBI court on Sunday, seeking custody of the six suspects, the CBI stated that Col Singh entered into a criminal conspiracy with five others to cheat the government and to obtain illegal gratification from job applicants for the said posts by abuse of official position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396354", "title": "No Bandra fair at Rebello Road ground: BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: In a development that comes to many Bandra residents as a \"victory\", the BMC on Monday informed the Bombay High Court of its decision to not use the Rebello Road playground at the base of Mount Mary Church for the Bandra Fair this September.The HC, too, eased the residents' worries. It directed BMC to frame a \"draft policy on the location and number of authorized stalls allowed to be pitched\" during the ten-day fair by July 31 after hearing local residents and prospective stall owners and place it on its website. The final notification must be out by August 4.The HC disposed of a public interest litigation filed last year by the H/W Ward Citizens' Trust after taking the BMC's statement on record and calling for the new policy. Vidya Vaidya, a trustee said, \"We had been fighting to save the playground... It is a victory for residents.\" Puja Thorat, the petitioner's lawyer, said school children, pensioners and others were inconvenienced each year during the fair, fire hydrants did not work, stalls took over the roads and ambulances could not reach homes.The genesis of the PIL was in 2010 when it was first filed against the BMC's permissions to stalls at the fair. The HC had directed the BMC to frame a policy for the 2010 fair. Last year, the H/W Citizens' Trust filed a PIL against the BMC permission to allow the use of the Rebello Road ground for selling toys and other items during the fair. The PIL also said the number of stalls must be restricted. In 2011, the HC allowed the use of the ground for the first time with a condition that the BMC must restore it to its original state. On Monday, the BMC said after considering views of all stakeholders, it has decided against using the ground for the fair this year.The judges permitted citizens to move court again now, if they find that BMC permits an \"unreasonable\" number of stalls. The citizens, however, plan to approach court once more, this time to seek appointment of a commissioner to ensure that the Bandra Fair follows the court order.Daphne Warapen, chairperson Ambedkar Road ALM in Khar and member, H (West) Ward Citizens' Trust, said, \"It is shocking that the age-old Bandra fair will have no place to go... The fair shouldn't be moved as it's part and parcel of the celebration of Our Lady feast.\"But Anandini Thakoor, chairperson, H (West) Citizens' Trust, said, \"Our contention is that misuse of open space by moving hawkers on Rebello Road playground defeats the purpose of what we were fighting for. As far as the fair is concerned we are not against it. Let the fair continue. It's for the authorities to designate an area for them to hawk their goods.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398550", "title": "CWC bids farewell to Pranab Mukherjee, says got more than he gave to party", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress Working Committee on Monday bade farewell to Pranab Mukherjee , its senior-most member with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh praising the UPA's presidential nominee for his immense contribution to public life and saying the party veteran would be missed.Congress chief Sonia Gandhi also expressed happiness at Mukherjee's nomination at a brief meeting that ended with tea and snacks. In contrast to usual CWC meetings, the mood was light in contrast to the June 4 deliberations that saw a veiled criticism of the finance minister over the state of the economy.While about seven members spoke, old-time loyalist RK Dhawan is understood to have praised Sonia's handling of negotiations that led to Mukherjee being selected as the ruling coalition's choice for Rashtrapati Bhawan. The words of praise came in the context of the hurdles placed by Trinamool Congress and the brief opposition by Samajwadi Party to Congress's choice for president.Mukherjee would end his formal association with Congress after four decades before engaging himself in the campaign for the President's election. He is to resign as the finance minister on Tuesday, and also quit the party. He is slated to file his nomination on June 28.The election that Mukherjee is expected to win will see him getting a long-cherished wish and Congress ensuring that its candidate is safely ensconced in Rashtrapati Bhawan.The CWC toasted Mukherjee as its senior-most member with veterans in attendance praising his qualities and recalling their old association. When a senior office-bearer said the association was not going to end, Mukherjee agreed, but added that things will be a bit different as the new responsibility will impose restrictions.The last gathering on June 4 also triggered speculation after Mukherjee was asked to move the resolution to empower the party chief to decide on the Presidential nominee. Insiders had seen Mukherjee's moving the resolution, despite being an aspirant, as a negative signal.With the suspense settled in his favour, Mukherjee appeared a contented man when he said, \"I have got more from the party than what I gave it.\"Briefing reporters, AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi quoted Mukherjee as saying, \"I always saw myself as a Congressman and I got to discharge many responsibilities in the party and the government. I am happy that I did what I could for both.\"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Mukherjee discharged important responsibilities in the government and he would be missed. AK Antony, Motilal Vora, S C Jamir, Mohsina Kidwai and R K Dhawan were the others who spoke on the occasion.Mukherjee remained the focus of the day. After attending the CWC, Rahul Gandhi drove to meet the senior leader in what turned out to be a one-hour interaction. He later told reporters, \"We learnt a lot from him. It is a matter of great happiness that he is going to become the President of the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14399182", "title": "Sterilization programme for dogs pushed back by another month", "text": "NASHIK: Owing to the code of conduct enforced due to the ensuing MLC election of Teacher's Constituency, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has stopped sterilising dogs for another month.The contract of the agent conducting the sterilisation expired on May 6 and since then NMC has stopped its sterilization program.The health department had said that it was preparing a proposal of Rs 75 lakhs and would present it at the first meeting of the NMC's standing committee. But this plan did not materialize.At the general body meeting of the NMC on Friday, it was decided that the issue would be brought up for discussion before the general body in a meeting in July, after the code of conduct was lifted.Health Officer Dr SG Hiray said, \"Last time when the contract expired, the sterilization activity was stopped for two months till fresh tenders were floated, accepted and the contract was awarded. We have a provision of Rs 75 lakhs for dog sterilization. Now due to administrative difficulties owing to the election code of conduct, it will be decided only in July.\"He said that the contract of the present agent had already been extended by two years previously hence it was not possible to extend it any more.The only solution that the NMC thus found was to put a stop to the sterilisation process. From May 6, city dogs have not been sterilizaed resulting in a rise in number of street dogs. Animal activist Sharanya Shetty said that the breeding season had already started in summer and with the monsoonsetting in the dog population will only increase. Citizens have been complaining of an increasing number of stray dogs makiong it difficult for them to walk on the streets but the health department says that it finds itself helpless under the given circumsatances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14400298", "title": "It\u2019s time to gird up for fight against drug abuse", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Drugs are the most obvious form of addiction in society. The International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking would be observed on June 26, to remind us of our utmost priority to combat the increasing rise in the cases of narcotics' addiction.A survey has reported more than a 1,000 cases of severe drug abuse in the Tricity and the increase is more drastic than in 2011. Ruchi Sharma, who is the counsellor in a Sector-18 drug de-addiction centre, explained: \"We are dealing with 110 cases of which, 40 were reported in Chandigarh. Every rehabilitation centre has its way of treatment, and the prime focus on counselling, rather than just medicines.\"Shivali Gupta, a counsellor in Sector 34C, emphasized on the need to change the mindset of the individual, rather than prescribing medication. Counsellor Deepti Sharma of Sector 19A warned that excessive drug intake causes everlasting health issues.The rehabilitation centres in Chandigarh have decided to deal with the problem at the grassroots level by introducing awareness studies in the school curriculum. According to the latest directive issued by the Punjab education department, the awareness on drug abuse would be an integral part of syllabus. Special lectures would be delivered in the rehabilitation centres and inmates counselled. Drugs come in varied forms including injections, shoe polish, smack, cocaine, nail polish remover, cough syrups, pain killers, sleeping pills and the most common is opium. Drug abuse is linked with hepatitis and HIV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398126", "title": "Queues don't help, touts bulldoze through to ticket windows", "text": "NEW DELHI: Serpentine queues have become a common sight at the ticket reservation centres in the city with touts having a free run of the place.At Nizamuddin, touts come only in the morning and bully people to move back. Shadab, who has been at New Delhi centre since 11pm, says he was number 20 when he stood in the line. But by 7am he had been pushed to number 50. \"Touts push in their people and the line gets longer,\" he laments. This well-oiled procedure, which people claim has the police's support, generates good business for touts and agents. But the public has to sweat it out.Around 5am at Sarojini Nagar and Nizamuddin, people are resting on sheets and pillows waiting for counters to open. At the New Delhi station reservation centre, the beat officer says getting a confirmed ticket is no less than winning the Kaun Banega Crorepati show.This is because even after spending a night outside the reservation office, people do not know who would be the first few to be let into the counters by the cops. \"Enter the premises in groups of four,\" says the cop at the New Delhi counter as he chooses the first lot. This upsets Ajay Jha, who has been waiting at number 9 in the queue for more than 15 hours, as he is let inside only in the fourth group. This means he would lose a few crucial moments - often the difference between a confirmed ticket or dejection.At the Sarojini Nagar centre, the system is different. There, names are called out - \"Shweta, Kiran, Lakshmi, Nilesh, Rita\" - to which individuals answer with a 'yes'.It is an attendance for people to stand in queue and secure their spot, for which many have slept at the reservation counter.Lakshmi, 30, who had come to visit Delhi has been stuck in the capital since she cannot get a confirmed ticket back to Bengal. \"I came here on Saturday for Tatkal tickets but got a wait-listed one,\" she says. Though she is the first person at a counter, Lakshmi can get only a few confirmed tickets.Almost everyone waiting for hours outside the reservation centres has a similar lament. \"When a tout or an agent is at the counter, the processing is faster. But when we are there, the system slows down,\" says Vivek Roy from Darbhanga in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14400456", "title": "7 years on, school\u2019s quest for govt grants continues", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government has plans to bring more unaided private schools under the grant-in-aid category to fulfill the promise made in the state budget and thereby protect Kannada medium schools. However, the education department has shown a deaf ear to a request from the management of a Kannada medium school in Dakshina Kannada district for more than seven years.Minister for primary and secondary education Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri had said that the government would bring all private schools opened before 1995 under the grant-in-aid category. However, Sri Narayan Guru Kannada Medium Primary School located in Madhya near Katipalla in Surathkal, which was started in 1991, has been fighting for more than seven years to get the benefit.School correspondent P Dayakar told TOI that the school had not been sanctioned grant-in-aid only because of the apathy of officials. \"The school has about 120 children studying from class I to VII and there are seven staff. We provide our students with midday meals, uniforms and textbooks by purchasing items from the government. We have been approaching the education department seeking grants since seven years. About 21 years ago, there were about 400 children in the school, but the number of students gradually came down and at one time there were only 60 students. However, the management instead of closing the school maintained it against all odds,\" Dayakar said.\"We have approached all officials concerned and also the local leaders. It was because of the lapse on part of the case workers that the proposal to sanction grant-in-aid for our school has been rejected. Now the department officials say that they have lost the file and asked us to submit a fresh proposal with all necessary documents,\" he said. Official sources in Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat said that the chief executive officer KN Vijayaprakash had taken up the issue very seriously and instructed the officials to expedite the process to sanction grant-in-aid to the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14399954", "title": "Inspector suspended in rash driving case", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police commissioner A K Viswanathan on Monday suspended a police inspector following a rash driving case registered against him. Ukkadam police station inspector, (crime) P Sundaresan, was driving his official vehicle when it rammed a truck and a private car on Textool over bridge near Ganapathy on Sunday late night.The inspector was returning home after finishing his duty on Sunday night. Around 11.20 pm, when he reached the Textool over bridge, he lost control of the vehicle and dashed against a car and a truck. Traffic was disrupted at least 20 minutes on the road.Immediately, police officials rushed the spot and removed the vehicles from the spot. However, the inspector managed to flee from the spot. Ganesh alias Ganeshraj of Ganapathy had lodged a complaint against the inspector to the Traffic Investigation Wing (Central) of the city police. Ganesh's car was damaged in the accident.Based on the complaint, police registered a case against the inspector under section 279 (whoever drives any vehicle or rides, on any public way in a manner as rash or negligent as to endanger human life) of IPC. The police officials also conducted detailed inquiry with the inspector and submitted a report to city police commissioner on Monday evening. Based on the report the commissioner suspended the inspector.\"I have suspended the inspector based on the report. The departmental action would be taken against him,\" said city police commissioner, Viswanathan.According to a senior police officer, the inspector managed to escape from the spot before police patrol team reached the accident site.The patrol team did not whisk him away from the spot.Based on the police commissioner's instruction, the case was registered immediately. The city police have decided to conduct an inquiry with the police officer again to find out that whether the inspector was drunk when the mishap occurred.Sundaresan was awaiting his promotion as deputy superintendent of police and the order was expected to come in a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14399052", "title": "Abu Jundal was plotting new attack, recruiting terrorists for LeT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) may be plotting another strike against India, Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, one of the handlers of the 26/11 terrorists, is said to have told interrogators during initial questioning.Jundal had shifted his base to Saudi Arabia and at his handlers' behest was engaged in \"talent spotting\" over phone for the new plot, sources said, adding that he had also been assigned the task of providing legal aid to the Lashkar and Indian Mujahideen terrorists arrested in India.LeT is busy creating new modules because of a crackdown in Pakistan.A team probing the September 19, 2010 Jama Masjid attack, led by DCP Sanjeev Yadav and ACP Ashok Chand, had found that Indian Mujahideen boss Ahmad Zarar Siddi Bappa alias Shahrukh used to make frequent calls to Saudi Arabia. \"We will question him on whether Shahrukh used to call him as well from India,\" said a source.The sources claimed that Jundal and Lashkar's direct link with the Indian Mujahideen (IM) and the Jama Masjid attack was \"proved\" by the fact that he was a friend of Mohammad Adil alias Ajmal, a Pakistani national arrested by the special cell in November, 2011 along with 12 IM members from a Meer Vihar factory.Adil, who had fired on Taiwanese tourists in the Jama Masjid attack, was sent to India by Jundal to help Shahrukh. Delhi Police had got a non-bailable warrant issued against Jundal after they raided IM's Meer Vihar factory last year.Intelligence agencies are questioning Jundal about Lashkar bases in Pakistan and other countries, hideouts, main modules and sleeper cells in India.He will also be interrogated about an IB input that several LeT terrorists had entered India separately after the 26/11 strikes.\"Jundal knows the Bhatkal brothers \u2014 Riyaz and Iqbal, bosses of Indian Mujahideen based in Karachi \u2014 very well. He claims that the Bhatkal brothers used to come to joint meetings of Lashkar and IM. For the Jama Masjid attack, the Bhatkal brothers asked Jundal to provide a man, an expert in firing,\" another source said.The police also believe that Jundal met Shahrukh whenever the latter visited Pakistan.Birth of a terrorist Zabihuddin 'Zaby' Ansari alias Abu Jundal was born on Nov 31, 1980 in a village in Maharashtra's Beed district. He studied in Urdu up to Class X and joined Indian Technical Institute, Beed. He went to Pak for terror training in mid-2000s and recruited cadres for IM and LeT. He visited Lanka, Bangladesh and Saudi ArabiaCalling the shots Jundal is accused of being the lone Indian in the LeT's control room in Karachi from where the 26/11 attackers were guided. Police say that Jundal instructed terrorists Babar Imran and Nasir, who attacked Nariman House (Chabad House) in ColabaAurangabad arms haul On May 6, 2006, the M'rashtra police chased two vehicles on the Manmad-Chandvad highway and stopped one of them in Aurangabad. Three men were held with RDX and AK-47s. However, Jundal escaped in the second carCase file Accused in 26/11, Aurangabad arms haul, German Bakery blast, Ahmedabad serial blasts and foiled Surat blasts, and forgery case", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14399195", "title": "July 1 extension for scarcity plan as district hits new water low", "text": "NASHIK:As the situation of water scarcity in Nashik's tehsilsand the other areas in general, touches a new low, the district administration has decided to extended its scarcity-plan till July 15. According to the extension plan new proposals for temporary water supply and borewells schemes will be sanctioned.Only three percent of 1,638 million cubic feet (MCFT) of water stored collectively in all 23 major dams in the district are available for drinking purpose.Of these the Gangapur complex has 12% of water while the water storage in 13 dams has hit rock bottom or now have dead stock in store. \"The water situation is grim. With industries drawing 1 MCFT of water and the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) drawing 13 MCFT of water, the 612 MCFT of water will only ensure water supply to the city for another 15-odd days,\" collector Vilas Patil said.Meanwhile, Nashik district witnessed welcome showers on Sunday as a result of which the rainfall received in the month of June has notched up to 49.8 %of its average rainfall. Igatpuri is the front runner with 78 mm of rainfall on Sunday, closely followed by Trimbakeshwar receiving 60 % rainfall, adding a negligible quantity of water to Gangapur complex.Malegaon and Chandwad have so far received 75 %of average rainfall of the month of June, a welcome sign even as Sinnar which is the worst-hit Sinnar has receivedonly 9% so far. The district still has 183 tankers in service to supply water to more than 220 villages and about 410 hamlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401307", "title": "Mhada gets only 2 bidders for Dharavi pilot project", "text": "MUMBAI: A year after it was given the mandate to redevelop Sector V, Mhada has got bids from only two firms in response to its advertisement inviting contractors to build 344 flats as part of a pilot project in Dharavi. The two bidders are Shirke Constructions and Neptune Group.However, even before the bids are finalized, Congress MP Eknath Gaikwad has warned against opening them. \"Three years ago, the state government cancelled bids saying there was inadequate competition despite seven companies showing interest . If the government found seven bids insufficient, then on what grounds can Mhada claim good competition and open the bids when it has received only two responses?'' he argued.Gaikwad further said: \"When the government asked Mhada to redevelop one sector, we were reassured that slum dwellers would be rehabilitated in buildings constructed by bigger developers. None of these contractors has bid and it appears that the conditions have been framed to favour one bidder . We will not allow this to happen . The government will have to call for fresh bids.\"If the poor response was not enough, a group of housing societies led by Gaikwad and his legislator daughter, Varsha, sat on a one-day hunger strike recently to protest against the delay in implementation of the Dharavi redevelopment project.Sachin Ahir, minister of state for housing, said though they have received only two bids, the government would ensure quality work by the successful bidder. \"This is just a pilot project. Our aim is to counter claims that the Dharavi project will not take off. We are confident that once the pilot project takes off, we will see reputable companies participate in the bid for the balance area in Sector V. I will try to explain this to Gaikwad,'' said Ahir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14404638", "title": "Now, Kingfisher sees flight of engineers", "text": "MUMBAI: About 80 engineers have quit beleaguered Kingfisher Airlines during the past four months due to non-payment of salaries by the near-bankrupt carrier, sources said.\"Some 60-80 engineers have already quit the carrier in the last 4-5 months, as they could not sustain non-payment of salaries. And more are planning to do so,\" airline sources revealed.Some more engineers are in the process of bidding goodbye to the carrier, they said, adding that \"if the trend continues, the airline may face severe shortage of engineers.\"Also, around 200 engineers reported sick in April this year protesting delay in salaries.Unfazed by the large exodus, Kingfisher, however, maintained that it has \"sufficient number\" of engineers to maintain its fleet.\"We have sufficient number of engineers to support our operations,\" a Kingfisher Airlines spokesperson said in a text message.Relegated to the bottom of the market pie with its share nose-diving to a mere 5.2 percent in May from as high as 20 percent last year, on account of a truncated flights, the airline has not paid salary to its employees since February.The airline, which has not posted profit since its inception in May 2005, made a loss of Rs 1,151.5 crore in the March quarter, has debt of over Rs 7,500 crore and an equal amount of accumulated losses.The Bangalore-based carrier, which has also been defaulting on tax payments as well as bills to its vendors, has been seeking fresh bank funds since last December apart from trying to raise overseas funds unsuccessfully.But bankers have been resisting the demand saying the promoters, including chairman Vijay Mallya himself, have to bring in at least Rs 2,000 crore in fresh capital to consider the demand.Kingfisher had pledged assets ranging from its brand to office furniture for Rs 6,400 crore bank loans, according to the finance ministry.This includes a luxury villa in Goa, two helicopters, a building in Mumbai and shares have also been used as collateral for loans as of November 2011, minister of state for finance Namo Narain Meena had told Parliament last December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14396009", "title": "Saudi Arabia helped India nab 26/11 handler Abu Jundal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Saudi Arabia has helped India with a major breakthrough in the probe into the 26/11 attacks by facilitating the arrest of Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, one of the key plotters of the Mumbai raid.Jundal, who directed Ajmal Kasab and other 26/11 attackers from the Lashkar control room, was picked up by the Saudi police, who put him on a New Delhi-bound flight after alerting the authorities here about their prize catch.The Lashkar terrorist , an Indian national wanted in many terror cases who was arrested on June 21, has since made the stunning claim that LeT chief Hafiz Saeed was present in the control room when the 26/11 masterminds choreographed the Mumbai attacks. He has also said that ISI and Pakistani army officials were involved in planning 26/11 and attended the meetings.After Kasab and David Headley, the arrest of Jundal is seen as the third major success in India's effort to unravel the 26/ 11 plot.Kasab's arrest was important since his Pakistani nationality exposed Islamabad's initial stubborn denial about involvement in the strike, and put paid to the plan to pin the blame on homegrown terrorists; even Hindu radicals.Taught 26/11 attackers HindiAbu Jundal's significance lies in the key role he played in preparations and during the 26/11 attack on Mumbai. Being from Beed in Maharashtra, he taught the basics of Hindi usage to the Pakistani Laskhar squad. On the fateful day, he was in the control room firing instructions to killers, and also coached the killers to wrong-foot the Indian investigators and global community by posing as members of a fictional Indian outfit: Deccan Mujahideen.In the tapes of the conversation between the terrorists and those in the control room, one of the handlers is heard saying \"Lo Jundal Bhai se baat karo\", in what is seen as reflecting his familiarity with the plotters and executioners. Sources said, he was present when Lashkar commander Zaki-ur Rahman Lakvhvi trained the attackers in a 12-day training camp organized at Muzaffarabad in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir. Jundal himself tutored the terrorists for three days on how to get by in Mumbai.His statement to the Delhi Police about Saeed's presence in the LeT control room directly incriminates the LeT chief who has strenuously denied his complicity in the terror strikes.Sources in the Delhi Police said Jundal, who figures in India's list of \"most wanted\" fugitives sheltered in Pakistan, has said that Lakhvi, Azam Cheema, Muzammil and one more handler were also in the control room.Indian authorities expect him to provide more clarity on the participation of two serving officers of Pakistan army \u2014 Major Sameer and Major Iqbal . The 26/11 tapes have a reference to one \"Major General Saheb\". Indian authorities hope Jundal would help them ascertain the identity of this person and his connection with the ISI.Jundal is a vital part of the conspiracy. Tutored by him, the attackers claimed they were motivated by Indian government's atrocities against Muslims and the plight of Kashmiri Muslims. The ploy that fitted well with Pakistan's claim that terrorism in India was an indigenous affair; although the use of typical Hindi expressions like \"prashashan\" for authorities and recommendations for Sachar Commission immediately led Indian investigators to smell a rat.\"He knows a lot. He claims that they prepared for years for the 26/11 attack and every person was assigned a separate task. Being a Maharashtrian, he was given the task to familiarize the killers with local dialect as well as Mumbai's topography. He instructed the gang on how to ask for directions and what to say if checked and quizzed,\" said a senior officer familiar with the details of his interrogation.Jundal was produced before chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav by a Delhi Police team, led by ACP Ashok Chand and DCP Sanjeev Yadav. The Delhi Police have been given his custody for 15 days after which he may have long sessions with the police from Maharashtra and Gujarat as well as the NIA. He may also be brought face-to-face with Kasab.Indian authorities expect Abu Jundal to provide more clarity on the participation of two Pak army officers \u2014 Major Sameer and Major Iqbal\u2014 in the 26/11 attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396412", "title": "Chennai stamp on Olympic cultural scene", "text": "CHENNAI: Athletes at the London Olympics next month are likely to be grooving and swaying to the music of AR Rahman and Ilayaraja, thanks to Chennai-based band Staccato which has been selected to perform at the sports extravaganza.Formed by a group of students in Chennai nearly eight years ago, the band has made the shortlist from among 10,000 entries to perform at the Olympic Park. The group was selected following a four-month screening process during which they sent in tapes of performances.\"It was Kaashif Rafiq, our youngest member, who applied through a family friend K Srimathy for the contest in February without telling us. So we initially thought the confirmation mail was spam,\" says keyboardist Vikram Sarathy. Kaashif had heard about the opportunity from his family.\"Since we experiment with different genres of music, our songs have an international flavour, though it is composed with a south Indian base,\" says Vandana Srinivasan, the lead vocalist.Their music blends influences like jazz, Hindustani classical, and Carnatic. It also includes remixed numbers of Ilayaraja and AR Rahman. \"We usually play their songs by adding our flavour to it, so that is what we plan to play at London too,\" says Aishvarrya Suresh C, another vocalist.The band has been allotted two slots of 80 minutes each. Although they are not part of the high-profile opening or closing ceremonies, they are thrilled about playing to an international audience at the Park \u2014 where performances have been scheduled all through the Olympic fortnight.Staccato intends to have a set list for one slot and do the other extempore. \"We are really excited about that part, because that is when the best of our music comes out, \" says Manoj, the violinist.The set list besides the tributes to Rahman and Ilayaraja will include three or more of the band's compositions too. \"It was our compositions Sound of Air and Salsa that got us the jig, so we are working on more such composition for the big day,\" says an excited Vikram.The band had earlier participated in the Percussion festival held in Brazil last year.This time, there is a small hitch though. The Olympic committee only provides them a stage to perform and the instruments, not the travel or accommodation arrangements.While the band members are willing to stay at student hostels, they have estimated a cost of around Rs 18 to 20 lakh. The band says they will try giving sponsors all the exposure possible by organising a flag-off event in the city , and sporting the sponsors' logos while playing in the Olympics. \"We have written to the Olympic committee requesting permission to wear our sponsors' logos on our T shirts,\" says Aishvarrya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14399665", "title": "Vigilance probe ordered into Koderma land transfer", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Monday ordered vigilance inquiry into the alleged transfer of government land in Koderma district. The probe was ordered on the basis of a report submitted by the deputy commissioner.Sources in the chief minister's secretariat said based on the report prepared by the DC North Chotanagpur division commissioner Nitin Madan Kulkarni had recommended high level inquiry. \"Most of the people involved in the scam are very rich and influential and have managed to get acres of land transferred on their name and that of their family members. The offenders connived with government officials of the district and got prime government land transferred on their name,\" said a source.Kuklarni, who has been entrusted with the monitoring of the probe, said more than 300 acre of prime government property was transferred to private individuals over the past few years in the town itself. \"All the transfers were done against the law of the land because at no point of time huge plots measuring in acres can be transferred in name of private individuals,\" Kulkarni said. adding that according to law small plots and that too for residential purpose can be allotted but only in name of people from socially and economically weaker section of the society.Sources in Koderma district administration said the total amount of government land that has been illegal transferred was around 1,500 acre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14397132", "title": "Doctors strike work protesting exit test plan", "text": "TRICHY: Joining issue with the Indian Medical Association ( IMA) that called for a nationwide strike against the Central government's proposal to conduct an exit test for medical students even after passing their final-year test, government doctors, house surgeons, PG and MBBS students on Monday staged a dharna in front the Annal Gandhi Government Hospital.The medical fraternity took out a procession from Vestry's School to the collector's office and gave the district collector a memorandum. A little later, the protesting doctors assembled in front of the Tiruchirappalli chapter of the Indian Medical Association at Saalai Road and continued their dharna. A doctor, Selvapandian, said the dharna from 6am to 6pm in all government and private hospitals was to draw the attention of the Central government to the issue of extending the training period of medical professionals for another 18 months in primary health centres instead of giving junior doctors a regular posting.Though the outpatient wards in the government hospitals were closed, doctors at private clinics did attend to emergency cases. Gynaecologist Dr S Rohaiah told TOI that she conducted a C-section on Monday as it had been planned in advance. Later, she joined other doctors in the protest. Taking strong exception to the Centre's idea of starting a three-year Rural Medical Graduate course, she said if the lives of the rural folk were any less worthy, they could be attended to by \"lesser doctors.\" She said, \"When regular doctors are prone to commit mistakes even after going through a rigorous six-year medical course, allowing doctors who will have undergone only three years of study would be dangerous and unethical.\"Dr M A Aleem, a neurologist, said the Central government should leave the state government alone after allocating funds. \"When the state government was extending the health scheme to rural folk and farmers, the Central government's idea of treating these people unfairly is objectionable,\" Dr Aleem explained.Meanwhile, the doctors and students of Chennai Medical College at Irungalur staged a dharna at their premises and later presented a memorandum to district collector Jayashree Muralidharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14400355", "title": "Water shortage haunts Chandigarh residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The \"no water\" situation is worsening every passing day as the rising temperature tightens its grip on the city. And, the situation is almost similar for all, those who live on the ground floor, and those residing on the upper storey of a building. There have been several complaints of low pressure and no potable supply in the evenings.Residents of Sector 7C and Sector 15A protested on Sunday saying the water is dirty most of the time, and the shortage had added to their troubles. They said the municipal corporation could not implement the tertiary water supply project in the city, despite many complaints.The worst-affected sectors include sectors 11, 12, 15, 16, 19, 21, 26, 28, 38, 40, 42, 43, 44, 45 and Sector 51. Pawan Kumar of Sector 11B said he never came across such water crisis till now. For Shikha Negi of Sector 43B: \"There is hardly any drinking water, what to talk of bathing. It gets difficult to even go out for work daily.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "14396262", "title": "Two die as truck rams into bike", "text": "KALYAN: Two people died on the spot after their motorcycle was hit by a speeding truck on the Kalyan- Bhiwandi road on Monday evening. Eyewitnesses said the truck rammed into the bike from behind.Krishnakant Jha (43 ) and his relative Manikant Jha (55) were residents of Kalyan's Khadakpada area and were going to Mumbai to meet a relative.The truck driver escaped from the spot. The Kongaon police have registered a case of negligence and rash driving against the driver and are searching for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "14397389", "title": "Government schoolteacher hacked to death", "text": "PUDUKKOTTAI: A government schoolteacher was allegedly hacked to death by unidentified assailants at her residence in Aranthangi, Pudukkottai district in the early hours of Monday.Police said the body of M Vaanathi (46) was first found by her eight-year-old younger daughter at around 3am on Monday when she woke up due to power interruption. Shocked by this, she alerted the neighbours. They immediately informed Vaanathi's brother Ravi and the Aranthangi police about the incident.A police team led by the superintendent of police, Tamil Chandran, rushed to the spot and took samples of fingerprints. A sniffer dog was also pressed into service, which ran up to Perumalpatti two-km away from the apartment.Police said the motive behind the murder could not be ascertained so far. However, they said that a person known to her could have committed the crime, as neighbours confirmed the presence of an unknown person inside her house on Sunday night. The police also denied that the murder took place for gain. Interestingly, the night watchman was also not on duty when the incident happened.Police sent the body to the Aranthangi government hospital for postmortem. Vaanathi was the widow of Muthu Kamatchi, a policeman who had died four years back.Based on the complaint from her brother Ravi, the Aranthangi police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398036", "title": "Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology to help develop ancient Chinese city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: China's port-town Ningbo will soon get an Amdavadi touch. Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept) University will soon prepare a master plan for the urban development of China's oldest town.Cept faculty members, who were part of the Gujarat delegation that visited China last week to promote the Vibrant Gujarat Investor Summit 2013, will sign an MoU with Chinese universities for the plan. This will facilitate the socio-economic and industrial development of Ningbo. To begin with, Cept will set up a studio in Ningbo to study urban planning, high density habitat development, industrial and infrastructure planning among other aspects.Utpal Sharma, executive director and dean, Faculty of Planning &amp; Public Policy at Cept, said, \"We will study the city for academic purposes initially and then make a proposal for a master plan for the Chinese city. We also plan to learn from Chinese design and implement it for projects in Gujarat. There will be another meet in Taiwan in October to discuss various collaborations between Gujarat and China.\"The Cept team will then submit a proposal to the local civic authorities in China.Cept will sign an MoU with Beijing University Of Technology, University of Hong Kong and University of Nottingham's China campus for the city development plan apart from knowledge exchange programmes.\"Ningbo is like Kandla port and has a population of about 40 lakh people. Both Gujarat and China have similar situations \u2014 large population and big towns, which will make it easier for us to understand and learn faster,\" Sharma said.In the past, Cept has designed the master plan for cities in Bhutan and Sri Lanka as well. The Ahmedabad-based university is already working out a master plan for the larger area surrounding Gandhidham city and will also implement its learning from Ningbo in Gandhidham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14400610", "title": "People who pick on food at risk of drug addiction", "text": "WASHINGTON: People who are disinterested in food may be at greater risk of taking drugs, as scientists have found a set of brain neurons linked to overeating also drive the appetite for cocaine. Researchers at Yale School of Medicine in the US zeroed in on a set of neurons in the part of the brain that controls hunger, and found that these neurons are not only associated with overeating, but also linked to non-food associated behaviours, like novelty-seeking and drug addiction.While both are linked to the brain's \"reward\" circuitry, a desire to eat was linked to decreased interest in 'novelty' behaviour such as drugs, the researchers found. \"Using genetic approaches, we found that increased appetite for food can actually be associated with decreased interest in novelty as well as in cocaine, and on the other hand, less interest in food can predict increased interest in cocaine,\" Dr Marcelo Dietrich, who led the research, was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.For their research, the team studied mice in which a signalling molecule that controls hunger promoting neurons in the hypothalamus was taken out. The mice were given various non-invasive tests that measured how they respond to novelty, and anxiety, and how they react to cocaine . Study co-author Prof Tamas Horvath said: \"We found that animals that have less interest in food are more interested in novelty seeking behaviours and drugs like cocaine. This suggests that there may be individuals with increased drive of the reward circuitry, but who are still lean.\"This is a complex trait that arises from the activity of the basic feeding circuits during development , which then impacts the adult response to drugs and novelty in the environment. There is this contemporary view that obesity is associated with the increased drive of the reward circuitry. But here, we provide a contrasting view: that the reward aspect can be very high, but subjects can still be very lean. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "14400615", "title": "Stealing led to Balraj Singh\u2019s collection of 300 coins", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Ask him about his initiation into coin collection and Model Town resident Balraj Singh has a unique story to share. Apparently, his first coin was a stolen one. What the world says is wrong is not always so, as in Balraj's case, stealing a 'barkat ka sika' (coin of prosperity) from his father's wallet at the age of 14 lead him to take keen interest in numismatics, taking his collection to about 300 coins from across the world at the age of 21.A businessman with his father, Balraj also collects perfumes. He says he was fascinated as a kid with the 'barkat ka sikka', which has been kept by his forefathers for four generations now and belongs to the time of Guru Nanak Dev. \"I have an album and a collection box, which I will pass on to next generation of my family, along with the coins I would collect till then,\" he says.His mother Amrit Kaur says their relatives going abroad also contribute to her son's collection bringing rare coins from whenever they visit them. \"I am proud of him because he respects and preserves heritage with his hobby,\" she adds with a gleam in her eyes as she pats her son just as light as a mother.\"The stolen coin remains in my wallet all the time as safe as it could be with me all the time. I now have four different coins of Guru Nanak Dev Ji in my album and two coins of the same kind are kept at the Golden Temple museum in Amritsar,\" says Balraj.He adds, \"The numerous currency notes and coins coming from relatives and parents when they came from abroad kept his interest in numismatics going,\" feeling the embossing on a rare coin with his fingers, as this, Balraj considers, is the most beautiful thing about different coins.His collection involves coins of Singapore, Canada, Malaysia, Thailand, USA, Nepal and various European countries. I like the Malaysian ringgit coins and Polish zloty coins.The newest coin in his collection is an Indian double shade Rs 10 coin. \"The coins I like the most from my collection are Malaysian 50 cent and the four coins from Guru Nanak Dev's era,\" says Balraj.He also has a collection of Italian lira, a set of three Roman aurei depicting rulers of the Flavian dynasty and a Russian rubble. Balraj's close friend from Model Town Sushant Rampal has brought many coins for his friend from Canada.He says, \"I like the happiness on his face whenever I get a rare coin for him.\" Balraj's obsession with perfumes is 4 years old and had started with a bottle of Calvin Klein- Carve. \"My favourite ones are Diesel- The Brave, Jean Paul Gaultier, Escada and Boss- Orange Man, but I haven't got anything like Paul Smith yet.His perfumes are a class apart and hence, I gifted him a bottle of Ferrari on his birthday,\" says Balraj's another old friend Akhilesh Gulati of Model Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14401323", "title": "ATS to verify Abu Hamza's identity", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad anti-terrorism squad (ATS) has started the process to verify whether the alleged terrorist arrested by the Delhi police on June 21 was indeed Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Hamza alias Abu Jundal.Navinchandra Reddy, superintendent of police (ATS), in-charge of the Marathwada ATS, said on Monday, \"So far, we have not received any official communication in this regard. Things will be confirmed after his voice samples available with the authorities are verified.\"Ansari is wanted for his involvement in various terror acts, including the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks and the German Bakery blast in Pune in 2010. He had disappeared from Beed following a big arms haul near Ellora caves in May 2006.Ansari is the son of an insurance agent, who moved to Kagzi Darwaza area in Beed from Georai taluka about 12 years ago. He has five sisters. He did his MA and pursued an electrician's course from a technical institute. He quickly earned the reputation of being an efficient electrician and even did some electrical work for the Beed police superintendent's office. Reddy said that Ansari, who used different aliases, is also wanted in connection with the May 2006 arms seizure in Ellora ghat. He said that it came to be known only during the 2008 terror attack in Mumbai that he was using the alias Abu Hamza.Ansari, allegedly a member of the Laskhkar-e-Taiba (LeT), which carried out the Mumbai attacks, and another terror suspect from Beed, Fayyaz Kagzi, were on the run ever since the seizure of arms and arrest of suspected terrorists near Ellora ghat, about 25 km from Aurangabad on May 9, 2006.In a joint operation, the Aurangabad rural police and the Mumbai ATS had arrested several youths and had seized a jeep, which was laden with 11 AK 47 rifles, 2,200 cartridges and 33 kg of RDX. Later, a car, in which the suspects had managed to give the police a slip, was found abandoned in Nashik district . The car was also found laden with arms and explosives . The jeep was hired from Beed, while the car belonged to a businessman in Aurangabad. The drivers of both the vehicles were arrested and are under trial.The arms seizure had led to many arrests in Aurangabad and Beed districts in Marathwada and Malegaon in Nashik district. It was since then that Aurangabad and Beed districts as well as Malegaon had come on the ATS radar.Ansari was allegedly a member of the banned terror group SIMI and was later recruited by the LeT. He was also wanted in connection with the July 11, 2006, train blasts in Mumbai. The Beed police had booked him and another suspect from Beed, Samad Khan Shahsher Khan (who is under trial in connection with the arms seizure near Ellora), in 2007 for forgery and cheating. They had allegedly forged documents to obtain SIM cards of a cell phone service provider. The SIM cards were later used in terror activities, ATS sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14399636", "title": "Ganga flowing below normal level in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The delay in monsoon had also delayed the rising of the Ganga. The records of middle Ganga division-3 of Central Water Commission state that a rise of only 0.200 metre has been recorded in Varanasi since June 15. However, the level of Ganga had risen up to 0.850 metre during the same period in 2011.The CWC starts releasing the daily water level from June 15. The Ganga continued to show a rising trend during this period in 2011, the water level showed a declining trend on Monday, recording a decrease of 0.045 metre in the last 24 hours.The CWC records also suggested that the river was flowing below the normal flow on Monday. The normal flow of the river is the mean of the measurements of the water level of a particular place taken in the last 20 years. In Varanasi, Ganga was flowing 0.769 metre below the normal flow on Monday. Similarly, the levels were also below the normal flow in other districts like Mirzapur, Ghazipur and Ballia on Monday. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396606", "title": "Six accidents claim 34 lives in state", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 34 persons were killed in six road mishaps in past 24 hours. The most devastating one was reported from Amroha where 14 close relatives were killed and 34 injured, when the bus they were travelling in, rammed into a tree in Bheem Nagar near Moradabad.Reports said the incident took place around 2.00 am when the chartered bus (UP 05 0207) carrying around 80 persons, of which more than 20 were perched on the roof of the bus, rammed into a tree near Joya village in Bheem Nagar.In Haathras, six persons were killed when a Tata Magic (UP 81Y 9312) collided head on with a tanker (HR 55M 2980) near Suhamohanpur village of Haathras. The deceased included the driver of the Tata Magic and the five of the 12 passengers travelling in it.In another incident reported from Sultanpur, five occupants of a Marshal taxi were killed on the spot and the remaining three critically wounded when the cab was hit by a train at an unmanned railway crossing near Naharpur village under Lambhua police station.Three members of a marriage procession travelling on a tractor were killed when the vehicle collided with a truck near Bharatpur village of Fatehpur.The victims were residents of Kukerdi village and were on their way to Thariyaon village when the incident took place. In the fifth incident, four persons were killed in Jalaun, as the truck dumper which they were riding got punctured while in motion and turned turtle when another dumper truck ran over them.Two occupants of a car were killed when the driver lost control over the wheels and the vehicle rammed into a tree near Gola Kuan crossing in Kanshiram Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398471", "title": "Gujarat bourses say yes to merger", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Members of Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Saurashtra stock exchanges gave approval to the merger of the three bourses in an informal meeting held in the city on Monday. The meeting had board members from all the three exchanges - Ahmedabad Stock Exchange (ASE), Vadodara Stock Exchange (VSE) and Saurashtra &amp; Kutch Stock Exchange (SKSE).\"The exchanges will have a meeting of their board members and then we will meet again in Ahmedabad on July 7. Once the board members of all the exchanges approve the merger plan, we will write to Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for its nod,\" said ASE chairman Hemantsinh Jhala.The merger plan comes following a Sebi circular- Exit Policy for De-recognized or Non-operational Stock Exchanges. The circular offered regional stock exchanges an option of making a voluntary exit or achieving an annual turnover of Rs 1,000 crore. It further said exchanges should have a net worth of Rs 100 crore to operate.Following the circular, ASE decided to sell off their properties including the iconic Manek Chowk building to raise their net worth.\"ASE can manage to raise the net worth to Rs 100 crore. However, for VSE and SKSE it's not possible to have a turnover and net worth as suggested in the circular. So, we are looking at merging the three exchanges and having one platform where all the registered companies with individual exchanges can be traded,\" said Jhala.The 93-year-old iconic building in Manek Chowk is a symbol of entrepreneurship and Ahmedabad's business history as it was one amongst the first three stock exchanges in India - ASE is the oldest exchange after BSE and was started in 1894. ASE members say the current valuation of the Ellisbridge premises is close to Rs 55 crore and that of the Manek Chowk building is Rs 8 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397303", "title": "Day 1 of CET verification a breeze", "text": "BANGALORE: On Monday, scores of students along with parents reached the CET cell in Malleswaram as the process of document verification for its online counselling kicked off early morning. Anxious parents along with students, waited at Karnataka Examination Authority cell for their turn.Day one of the document verification started with rank holders between 1 and 2,000. Although crowded, the process, according to most students, was hassle-free and useful. \"I came for the second slot of document verification and it got done quickly. They have around 13 counters set for verification, so none of the counters has long queues,\" said Aditi Jain, a student. who came for document verificationDocuments of general category students along with other categories like defence, ex-defence, scouts and guides, Anglo-Indians, Jammu and Kashmir migrants, CAPF, NCC 'B' certificate holders and national participants in sports were verified.Even before the online counseling could begin on July 12, it seems to be a hit among students. \"Online counselling is the way to keep a tab on seat blocking. Earlier, medical students were called first, followed by engineering and then architecture, which created unnecessary confusion,\" said Sushmitha N, who came for document verification. The novel process is being backed up by parents as well. \"Online counseling will be easy for parents also. Seats can be selected from the comfort of your home. You need not keep coming here,\" said LM Reddy, a parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398107", "title": "Sleepless night at reservation counters, but no tatkal ticket", "text": "NEW DELHI: The tatkal scheme was introduced to help people get train tickets at short notice. But skyscraping demand and a stranglehold of touts have meant that even spending a sleepless night at the reservation counter does not guarantee a confirmed ticket in the morning.People, many with their families, start queuing up outside reservation counters as early as 7pm the previous evening. The counters open at 8am and all tatkal tickets are sold within minutes. So, even after a 13-hour wait you may return empty-handed.According to railways sources, about 1.1 lakh tatkal tickets are offered every day. In the first five minutes, the system receives 4.5 lakh requests for tatkal tickets. On certain trains, tickets get sold out in less than a minute.TOI teams visited different reservation centres early on Monday and found similar scenes of chaos. Those waiting in line were cynical about the system and touts invariably made their way into the queue through various ways.At Sarojini Nagar, touts reserve spots by planting beggars outside counters. Smart ones buy the space paying Rs 200-300 to proxy passengers minutes before gates are opened.At Nizamuddin, touts come only in the morning and bully people to move back. Shadab, who has been at New Delhi centre since 11pm, says he was number 20 when he stood in the line. But by 7am he had been pushed to number 50. \"Touts push in their people and the line gets longer,\" he laments.This well-oiled procedures, which people claim has the police's support, generates good business for touts and agents. But the public has to sweat it out.Around 5am at Sarojini Nagar and Nizamuddin, people are resting on sheets and pillows waiting for counters to open. At the New Delhi station reservation centre, the beat officer says getting a confirmed ticket is no less than winning the Kaun Banega Crorepati show. This is because even after spending a night outside the reservation office, people do not know who would be the first few to be let into the counters by the cops. \"Enter the premises in groups of four,\" says the cop at the New Delhi counter as he chooses the first lot. This upsets Ajay Jha, who has been waiting at number 9 in the queue for more than 15 hours, as he is let inside only in the fourth group. This means he would lose a few crucial moments -- often the difference between a confirmed ticket or dejection.At the Sarojini Nagar centre, the system is different. There, names are called out -- \"Shweta, Kiran, Lakshmi, Nilesh, Rita\" -- to which individuals answer with a 'yes'. It is an attendance for people to stand in queue and secure their spot, for which many have slept at the reservation counter.Lakshmi, 30, who had come to visit Delhi has been stuck in the capital since she cannot get a confirmed ticket back to Bengal. \"I came here on Saturday for Tatkal tickets but got a wait-listed one,\" she says. Though she is the first person at a counter, she can get only a few confirmed tickets.Almost everyone waiting for hours outside the reservation centres has a similar lament. \"When a tout or an agent is at the counter, the processing is faster. But when we are there, the system slows down,\" says Vivek Roy from Darbhanga in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396075", "title": "Government to build 84 MBC, SC/ST hostels", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government on Monday announced construction of 84 new hostels in the state for the welfare of students belonging to backward, most backward and scheduled caste/scheduled tribes. The hostels are hitherto being run in the rented buildings.An official press release said that the scheme would prioritize 69 hostels that had strength of more than 50 students and another 15 hostels with more than 100 students. The civil works would cost the exchequer 61.12 crore and state would spend another 3.35 crore towards installing solar equipment to reduce the power consumption. Chief minister J Jayalalithaa has given administrative sanction to the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396432", "title": "How Zabihuddin Ansari became Abu Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: Zabihuddin Ansari hailed from a small village Maharashtra's Beed district, where he lived for most of his life till terror called.Born in Mazalgaon village on November 31, 1981, Zaby studied in an Urdu Medium school till class X. Ansari's father was employed in a small shop in Mazalgaon and later started his own plumbing business but quit it after sometime. Ansari's metamorphosis from a village youth to Abu Jundal, one of the prime suspects in the 26/11 attacks, began after he was indoctrinated by SIMI operatives shortly after the 2002 Gujarat riots.He had earlier undergone training at the Indian Technical Institute in Beed, but only held odd jobs. \"He went to Aurangabad in search of a job but without any success. It was where he befriended several youths from Aurangabad, Malegaon and Parbhani. He was a staunch supporter of SIMI and would meet fugitive members of the banned outfit at tea stalls or near a dhaba,\" said a source.Ansari first went to Pakistan for training around 2005 or 2006, for 21 days, along with six more youths. Police however could not trace the six. \"He was trained in a Muridke camp where Ajmal Kasab and his associates were later trained,\" said an officer. At the training camp, Ansari met two top LeT commanders, Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi and Zarar Shah, both accused in the 26/11 terror attacks. \"They chose him for a bigger job. He returned to India with a new assignment to brainwash youths boys and recruit them. He sent at least half a dozen youths to Pakistan for terror training. One of them, Aslam Kashmiri, was caught by the Delhi police's Special Cell on August 25, 2009, with arms and ammunition. Kashmiri too had met Lakhvi and Shah,\" said sources.Ansari's first important task in India was smuggling RDX and AK-47 assault rifles. \"Using money sent through hawala, he hired vehicles to receive a huge consignment of hand grenades, RDX, assault rifles and live bullets. He was supposed to send the consignment to Aurangabad for a bigger operation but his plan was foiled as police got on his trail. He had to abandon the vehicle in Malegaon,\" said an officer. \"He was the missing link in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case,\" said a police source.Police raided Ansari's village house but could not find anything. \"When his name began appearing in newspapers as an accused in the case, his parents left Mazalgaon for sometime and returned only after a year. His house, where he was born, is still locked,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "14401439", "title": "Minor girl killed for cutting grass from field", "text": "DARBHANGA: A teenaged girl had to lose her life for cutting some grass from the field of a co-villager. Manjula Kumari (13), daughter of Chhedi Mahto, succumbed to her injuries as a result of the beating at the hands of the co-villager. Police said she was cutting grass for her cattle in the field of one, Mahendra Mahto, of Radhiyam village under Bahera police station. Mahendra's son Arvind Mahto got so enraged that he severely beat the girl leading to her death.According to Bahera SHO Devanand Raut, Arvind beat the physically weak girl who could not sustain the beating and died. Her grandmother, Phul Kumari Devi, lodged an FIR on Sunday charging Arvind with killing Manjula.Woman killed for dowry: Anita Devi (22) of Parri village under Ghanshyampur police station was killed by her parents-in-laws on Saturday for not fulfilling the demand of Rs one lakh and a motorcycle. Shankar Singh, brother of the victim belonging to Chhatoni village under Basopatti PS of Madhubani district, lodged an FIR on Sunday with Ghanshyampur PS against Anita's husband, Vivek Kumar Singh, brother-in-law Kundan Kumar Singh, mother-in-law Buchhi Dai Devi and maternal father-in-law Rajniti Singh for killing his sister Anita and disposing off her body clandestinely.According to Ghanshyampur SHO Amarnath Saha, Anita was married to Vivek Singh on July 27, 2010. The girl was allegedly being tortured by her in-laws for not bringing money and a motorcycle from her parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14400530", "title": "Green pasture for cricketers", "text": "MYSORE: The \"cricketing distance\" between Mysore and Bangalore was cut to zero on Sunday, when a long-standing dream was realized. A full-fledged cricket academy was inaugurated at Gangotri Glades here in the presence of Mysore's most-famous cricketer Javagal Srinath and former Indian captain Anil Kumble .The two, in their roles as secretary and president of Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA), dedicated to old Mysore region a state-of-the-art Royal Challengers-KSCA Academy that boasts of international-standard facilities. It includes eight turf pitches and one concrete surface.With this, aspiring cricketers from Mysore, Mandya and Chamarajanagar districts thus will no longer have to travel to Bangalore for expert coaching.\"The aim behind having an international-standard academy here is to spot and boost cricket talent from rural places,\" KSCA zone convener S Vijayprakash told TOI.Initially, 60 boys -- 30 each from Under-16 and Under-19 age groups -- have been selected for the academy, and they will be supervised over a three-year period. The boys were picked from among trainees of free summer coaching camps conducted in Mysore zone in April and May 2012. The 140 trainees hailed from Mysore (58), Mandya (30), Suttur (22) and Chamarajanagar (30).\"Dedication of individuals is the key,\" said Kumble at the inaugural function. \"Take time to move upwards in the cricketing arena, but focus on the sessions,\" he advised. Srinath, for whom the day was a red-letter one -- something he had dreamt about for long -- dwelt on the technical aspects of the game. \"Players should emphasize on being technically correct as it is a professional game,\" he said.The academy, boasting of a gym, pavilion, umpires' room and dining hall, will have practice sessions on four days of the week. The boys will spend the rest of the time playing league matches. Practice is scheduled between 4pm and 6.30pm so the school/ college life is not disturbed.According to Vijayprakash, the sessions will be recorded and shown to wards as an aid to training. He also added that the academy will provide uniforms and kits to them.The stage is set now. It is up to the players to make optimum use of the facilities that the likes of Srinath had to do without.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14400104", "title": "Distance education programmes woo youths", "text": "RANCHI: It's the admission season and distance learning education has become a huge crowd-puller these days among the younger lot.\"There are two academic cycles in Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) - in July and January. In 2011, the number of students enrolled in Jharkhand in both the cycles was 21,000. This year, we are expecting more than the last year's,\" said G M Shivkumar, regional director, IGNOU Ranchi centre.There are various factors for which students prefer distance education programmes. \"Flexibility is the major factor in such a mode. In regular colleges, a student has to go for three-year degree course, but in our system students are given the option to complete their courses in a cycle of three to six years. Since financial problems can restrict the students to complete their studies, the convenience of the students is taken care of,\" said Shivkumar.Earlier, a lot of people in their 40's used to join the distant learning courses, but nowadays the young generation too is attracted to the courses. \"The degree or diploma which the students get is central government approved. There are many students who prefer doing a job after their Plus II. So by taking admission in IGNOU courses, they can easily carry on with their jobs without discontinuing studies. Students can give the exam from anywhere, there is no place restriction,\" said an official of IGNOU, Delhi centre.This year also, students are making beeline for admission in the city. \"I have done my Plus II and I want to work now. But side I am also interested in pursuing my studies further alongside. Hence I thought nothing can be better than a centrally recognized degree from IGNOU,\" said Vishal.Generally students are admitted on marks basis. For some courses like MBA and BEd, there is entrance test system. IGNOU offers courses for both undergraduate and postgraduate level. Many vocational programmes are also offered to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14400103", "title": "\u2018VIP-only\u2019 Sec 39 park opens gates for all", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Days after TOI highlighted a Sector 39 park, which allowed entry to only VIPs, the municipal corporation finally got cracking and opened its gates for all on Monday.TOI had reported on June 20 how the park - at the rear of Punjab ministers' houses -- was off limits to the common man. Equipped with fountains, swings and gazeboes and fenced from all sides, the park had Punjab police commandos guarding its main gate, allowing entry to only bureaucrats and ministers.When the TOI correspondent had visited the park in an evening then, a commando armed with an AK 47, who was guarding its main gate, had admitted that though the park was under municipal corporation, only ministers and their families were allowed entry.MC's move of opening it to the public has brought a smile on many faces. Vishal Gupta, a resident of Sector 39, said, \"We were never allowed to enter it. On Monday evening, we enjoyed a pleasant walk there amid green trees.\" \"The MC should have acted earlier. After it was opened for all, I went there with my kids. They enjoyed swings and playing there,\" said Amandeep Kaur, an area resident.Area councillor Gurbax Rawat said, \"It is good that its gates have been opened for the public. Now the challenge is to make sure that these remain open in the future as well.\"MC superintending engineer Mukesh Anand said, \"The park is for the public and no one can stop them from entering it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14397975", "title": "CBI grills O P Mathur for seven hours in Tulsiram case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A favourite cop of the Modi government and retired director general of police, O P Mathur , was grilled by the Central Bureau of Investigations for almost seven hours on Monday in connection with the fake encounter of gangster Sohrabuddin Sheikh's aide, Tulsiram Prajapati.Mathur, who was rewarded with the position of director general of Raksha Shakti University when he retired from service three years back, was questioned in connection with a missing compact disc which had call records establishing the nexus between policemen, politicians and businessmen behind the conspiracy to kill Sheikh and Prajapati in 2005 and 2006, respectively. The CD was handed over to Mathur, who headed CID (Crime) in 2007-08 by his junior and DIG Rajnish Rai. However, this crucial bit of evidence went missing from the case documents and material when Mathur handed over the set to Geetha Johri, the then IGP with CID (Crime).Mathur has been accused of derailing the encounter probe in exchange of rewards from the state government, which included dropping a case of moral turpitude against him and giving him post-retirement benefits.It was in May 2008, when the Modi government appointed him as Ahmedabad police commisioner, that The Times of India ran a campaign against Mathur, resulting in 19 cases being slapped against the newspaper \u2014 five of them for sedition which were quashed by the Gujarat high court recently.In August 2010, the CBI had grilled Mathur for nearly 10 hours in connection with the Sohrabudin encounter. The CBI has been on his tracks again after the Tulsiram probe was also handed over to it in April 2011.On December 13, 2006, inspector V L Solanki sought permission to go to Rajasthan to question witness Tulsiram Prajapati. Almost immediately, on December 15, chief minister and home minister Narendra Modi transferred DG Vanzara as DIG (border range). On December 28, Tulsiram was killed in an encounter by Vanzara and Co.On Monday, Mathur was asked about 40 questions pertaining to the investigations during his tenure as CID chief.The CBI grilled him over the identity of the third person travelling with Sheikh and his wife Kauserbi, when the duo was picked up by cops. Mathur was also asked about the missing case papers.Meanwhile, the CBI has intimated Johri, who proceeded on leave last week, to remain present at its office in Gandhinagar on June 26.Chargesheet in Tulsi, Jamal encounters likely on ThursdayAHMEDABAD: CBI is likely to file separate chargesheets in encounters of Tulsiram Prajapati and Sadik Jamal on Thursday. Jamal was killed in 2004 by cops from Gujarat and Maharashtra.Supreme Court had ordered CBI to probe Sheikh's encounter while the central agency has been probing Jamal's killing following a Gujarat high court order in June 2011. Besides the cops already in jail, about 20 more people are likely to be named in the two chargesheets.-- TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14397277", "title": "Gadchiroli MLA's protest for punctuality backfires", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: In an unprecedented incident, Gadchiroli MLA Namdeo Usendi arrested for obstructing zilla parishad employees from discharging their duties on Monday. Congress district president Hasan Gilani and tehsil president Shankar Salodkar were also arrested along with Usendi. Cops swung into action after Congress activists, led by Usendi and Gilani, locked the main gate of the ZP office in the morning to teach a lesson to the employees who arrived late for duty.Sources said Usendi had received several complaints regarding ZP employees coming late for work. To verify the matter, Usendi, Gilani, Salodkar and other activists went to the ZP office and checked the attendance of the employees. They locked the main gate of the office at 10am, the official office opening time, to keep out those coming in late. Cops were immediately summoned to the spot and they opened the locked gate.The matter, however, took a turn for the worse when ZP employees protested the move and threatened to go on a flash strike if action was not taken against the MLA and other Congress leaders involved. Kiran Kove later lodged complaint with Gadchiroli police station and offence under section 341 and 353 (wrongful restraint and forcefully deterring of public servants in discharge of their duties) of IPC against Usendi, Gilani, Salodkar and their accomplices. Later they were arrested by Gadchiroli and produced before the local court.The ZP office opens at 10am. Employees coming late during next the half an hour are marked as late comers.Gadchiroli Zilla Parishad has a biometric attendance system in place, but it has remained non functional since the last few months. As the office had gone back to the method of marking attendance on a muster, employees cared little about coming late on duty.ZP employees, however, cried foul over the move. \"We are allowed to enter the office until 10.30am but the Congress leaders locked the gate at 10am, stalling us outside,\" employees said. Congress member and leader of opposition in ZP Bandopant Mallelwar said that the biometric attendance system should be restored to check the late arrival of employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397328", "title": "Mock fire drill held at Nagpur airport", "text": "NAGPUR: Airport Authority of India (AAI) conducted a mock fire drill at Nagpur airport on Monday morning. While such drills are conducted every one or two months, AAI bosses decided to do it today as fire at Mantralaya has heightened concerns about fire safety of important buildings.AAI has a fire department of its own and help from outside is only sought when internal equipment and staff are inadequate. AAI has two fire tenders and two ambulances at the city airport.Nagpur airport's fire manager Pradip Kumar Kasppy said that as per norms of Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) the fire tenders should reach the spot in 90 seconds. \"We were able to meet this norm. The fire has to be doused within 180 seconds. We accomplished this in 120 seconds. Two fire tenders were used and 14 fire personnel participated in the operation.\" The mock drill report would be sent to AAI head office, which would then forward it to DGCA, he added.On January 5 this year, a major fire had broken out at offices of many international airlines situated at the cargo terminal of New Delhi international airport. While cargo was not destroyed, the damage to property ran into crores. It took around five hours to completely extinguish the fire.AAI is required to perform regular mock drills but most government buildings in the city are worst violators of fire safety norms. None of them perform the drills. Ironically, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), which is the enforcer of these norms, is itself a violator. The NMC building housing the fire department doesn't have adequate fire-fighting apparatus in place. District collector Saurabh Rao has decided to go in for fire safety audit of state government offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401218", "title": "Govt asks citizens to help retrieve data", "text": "MUMBAI: desperate state government has appealed to citizens to help it retrieve documents and files gutted in last week's Mantralaya blaze. People have been urged to provide copies of original applications, acknowledgements and enclosures to local tehsil offices.This, the government says, will help in speedy reconstruction of records lost in the fire, which gutted the top floors of the secretariat. Departments have been asked to source the freshly submitted documents from the tehsil offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14398980", "title": "5 booked for misappropriating iron ore", "text": "PONDA: Collem police have booked five mining truck drivers for allegedly misappropriating iron ore worth 4,62,000. Although the incident took place between May 26 and May 30, a complaint in this regard was lodged on Monday.According to the complaint by D Ramajaneya Reddy, manager of G N Agrawal mines at Bimbal-Collem in Dharbandora, drivers Rafiq Bashasab Latif, from Collem, Basavraj Siddanagauda Patil, Mohammad Akstar Islam Ansari, Rajesh Kashinath Kerkar, all from Tisk Usgao and Yeshwant Prasad Singh, from Palwada-Usgao, allegedly misappropriated the iron ore. No driver was arrested until late Monday evening.The drivers were sent with trucks containing high grade iron ore costing 66,000 each to be transported from G N Agrawal mines to Navelim plot in Bicholim taluka. However, they did not transport the ore to the designated places until Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14398762", "title": "Laxmikant Parsekar pained by conditions in Hospicio hospital", "text": "MARGAO: During his first visit to the Hospicio hospital, Margao, as the health minister on Monday, Laxmikant Parsekar expressed his 'pain' on seeing the difficulties faced by the patients at the district hospital, but gave the hospital administration a thumbs up for \"putting up a good show\" despite limited resources at their disposal.Parsekar went round the hospital visiting all the departments and wards and took stock of the situation. He was shown around by the officiating medical superintendent of Hospicio P D Nasnodkar. Speaking to reporters after the inspection, Parsekar admitted that there were many shortcomings in the hospital, but assured that all problems will be addressed soon.\"There are many shortcomings which I observed. I saw two patients sharing one cot and several patients without any cot at all, sleeping on the ground. There is a shortage of linen and patients have to use their own bedsheets. It pains me to see this, but what's important is that the doctors and nurses are putting up a good show in the face of all these difficulties. The occupancy of the hospital is almost 1.5 times its capacity and so, obviously, the available facilities are overburdened,\" Parsekar said.Stating that the government's priority was the new district hospital under construction at Margao, Parsekar, nonetheless, assured to address the problems of shortage of linen, electrification and other issues on an urgent basis. He said he would also ensure that the work of renovation of the operation theatres and toilet block was completed soon. \"The work of constructing three OTs and a toilet block was entrusted to the Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation (GSIDC) some 3-4 years ago. I will ensure that it is completed within the next 2-3 months, I won't allow any more delay,\" Parsekar said.The health minister also disclosed the government's intent to upgrade the primary health centres in the state so that the pressure exerted on the two secondary care hospitals (district hospitals in Margao and Mapusa) and one tertiary care hospital (Goa Medical College, Bambolim) is taken off to a great extent. Replying to a query, Parsekar said that the government was yet to take a call on the proposal of setting up a medical college at the new district hospital, Margao. \"It's an alternative that is being thought of to utilize the excess bed space in the new hospital. The idea is open for discussion and public views,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397143", "title": "Inebriated software engineer creates raod havoc", "text": "BANGALORE: An inebriated software engineer at the wheel of a Maruti Baleno car allegedly went astray on Sunday night and rammed a motorcycle, a four-wheeler, an autorickshaw and the wall of a house before grinding to a halt on 7th Main, Milk Colony, near Malleswaram.Narasimha Murthy, the software engineer and resident of Malleswaram, was returning from a party hosted at a hotel near Milk Colony, police said.A sloshed Murthy lost control over his car. He first hit a motorcycle on the main road and sped into a narrow lane in an attempt to escape from the spot.Murthy's car then hit a Maruti Omni van parked by the roadside. The impact of the crash was such that the van hit the compound wall of the adjoining house and brought it down. The software engineer then hit an autorickshaw parked by the wayside and came to a stop. All this happened at 11.30pm.Narayan Swamy, the complainant, said: \"Our van parked outside the house was damaged. The compound wall crashed and the mangled van was lying right at our door.\"Police have detained Murthy. He has been booked under Section 279 of IPC for rash driving or riding on a public road and under Section 185 for drinking and driving. His car has been confiscated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14401030", "title": "Road cleared for Suresh comeback", "text": "BANGALORE: Law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar is likely to remain in the cabinet with the advocate general, S Vijay Shankar, giving a clean chit in the site scam.In a letter to chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda , the AG reportedly said: \"After examining all the details with regard to the scam affair, I conclude that there is no reason to hold Kumar guilty.\"BJP sources said Gowda had sought the AG's legal opinion to ensure the inquiry does not become a witch-hunt. \"The CM decided not to hand over the inquiry to an independent agency or a team of ministers as there was apprehension that any panel handpicked by the CM could be under pressure to deliver a fait accompli (an accomplished fact),'' a source explained.S Bhaskaran, an RTI activist and former BJP worker, had made the allegations against Kumar that he had taken a site in upscale RMV Extension by filing a false affidavit with the Bangalore Development Authority.Pressure was building on the CM, too, as he was caught between a belligerent opposition demanding acceptance of Kumar's resignation and the minister himself wanting him to order a probe. For the past two days, a host of senior BJP leaders, including Arun Jaitley and Dharmendra Pradhan, were persuading him to withdraw his resignation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14399949", "title": "Kashmir: 200-yr-old shrine gutted in fire", "text": "SRINAGAR: More than two dozen people were injured in clashes with police in downtown Srinagar after a fire broke out in 200-year-old Peer Dastageer Sahib shrine at Khanyar. The fire, which started in the dome of the wooden shrine due to a short circuit at about 6.30am on Monday, soon engulfed the whole building.Angry locals took to the streets holding fire officials responsible for laxity in reaching the shrine and clashed with them, in which several firemen were also injured.\"The fire tenders arrived late and they had no water. Because of their unpreparedness, the entire building was ablaze in a matter of minutes,\" said Riyaz Ahmad Bhat of Khanyar.The cause of the fire is being inquired into, said director general of fire and emergency GA Bhat. \"But the protesting people damaged 22 department vehicles and burnt down one. They also damaged a sky lift which costs Rs 6 crore,\" he said. In all, 15 firemen were injured.Bhat denied any scarcity of water in fire tenders. \"The people did not allow firemen to use water from the nearby Barinimbal canal,\" Bhat said.The Sufi shrine of Hazrat Shaikh Abdula Qadir Jeelani, popularly known as Peer Dastageer Sahib, is revered in the whole of Kashmir. Syed Khalid Hussain, the 'sajjada nasheen' (descendent of the peer) of Dastageer Sahib, said the holy relic and copies of holy Quran are safe in his custody.Soon after the news spread, people began pelting stones at passing vehicles in the city, forcing the authorities to restrict people's movement. The restrictions in turn triggered clashes between the youth and the police. Police and CRPF men used smoke shells and resorted to lathi charge to disperse the agitating mob.Muthaida Majlis-e-Ulema, the amalgam of various religious organizations, asked people to observe a shutdown on Tuesday to mourn the loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401478", "title": "Sushil Kumar Modi reviews adjustment of DC bills", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , who also holds the finance portfolio, on Monday held a review meeting of the finance department to discuss the adjustment of DC bills. Senior officials, including secretary (expenditure) Mihir Kumar Singh, additional secretary Prabhat Shankar, director institutional finance, Anupam Kumar Suman and others attended the meeting.Modi told the officials that the DC bills worth Rs 14,017.84 crore had been submitted to CAG office by the drawing and disbursing authorities. By May 22, 2012, he said, bills worth Rs 6,612.90 crore had been adjusted.The officials told the deputy CM that the process for adjustment of the DC bills has been accelerated and DC bills worth Rs 3,390 crore have been adjusted during the last two months. Bills of Rs 1,074 crore were adjusted in just one week time.Modi directed the officers concerned to hold the salary of the drawing and disbursing officials (DDOs) who kept DC bills pending. He also spoke to the ministers in whose departments the DC bills were still pending and not adjusted. He advised them to personally review the DC bills issue regularly to ensure the bills adjustment.Modi was informed that the officials had been deputed at Bihar State Road Transport Corporation headquarters at Sultan Palace to receive the DC bills with checklist for their adjustment from different departments.Modi directed the officials to create a cell for the monitoring of the utility of funds received at the recommendation of the 13th finance commission and also the issues related to fourth state finance commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14397519", "title": "Pulses production gets Rs148-cr boost", "text": "PUNE: The Union and state governments have jointly allocated Rs 148 crore to increase production of pulses in the state by setting up sample farms on 3.16 lakh hectare land. The state being the leading producer of pulses, the governments have focused on increasing its production and productivity across the state.This emphasis on production is prompted by the setback last year when production recorded a dip. Since the crop is dependent on rainfall, and since the state received low post-monsoon showers last year, farmers had curtailed the sowing. The normal production of pulses - both in kharif and rabi - in the state is more than 22 lakh tonne. However, because of the curtailed sowing activity, it went down marginally to 21.78 lakh tonne.A senior official from the state agriculture commissionerate told TOI, \"The national food safety mission and the accelerated pulses production programme are designed to increase the production of pulses. The Centre has allocated Rs 81 crore under national food safety mission and Rs 52.20 crore under accelerated pulses production programme. The state's share of funding is Rs 9 crore and Rs 5.8 crore respectively. The food safety mission will cover 1.46 lakh hectares area, while the accelerated pulses production programme will cover 1.70 lakh hectares in the state. during the kharif and rabi seasons.\"The government has set a target to bringing 37 lakh hectares under pulses production this year, with the hope that other farmers will take up pulses cultivation after visiting the sample farms.When asked about covering only 3.16 lakh hectares under both the schemes, when the target is to bring 37 lakh hectares, the official said, \"It is a procedure of imparting good agricultural practices. A group comprising 100 farmers would be formed and would be invited to set up sample farms where the funds from both the schemes will be utilised and standardised practices would be followed. The total size of the sample farms would be close to three lakh hectares for which Rs 148 crore are allocatedThe pulses production target for the state for this year is 30.51 lakh tonne, by bringing 37 lakh hectare of land under pulses cultivation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "14400994", "title": "Parkash Singh Badal, Capt Amrinder Singh 'power' struggle gets ugly", "text": "CHANDIGARH : The 'power' struggle between chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and Congress state chief Capt Amarinder Singh took on an acrimonious turn in Punjab Vidhan Sabha on Monday after the latter blamed the CM for 'deliberately humiliating him' by getting power raids conducted at his residence, New Moti Bagh Palace, at Patiala.Provoked by unsavory remarks of Akali MLA Sohan Singh Thandal that Capt Amarinder Singh had set a bad example by 'stealing' power, the former CM was prodded into clarifying, \"Only my 90-year-old mother lives at the Moti Bagh Palace and rest of the family visits it for less than three-four days in a month. I was told that the team of raiders was sent to my place after approval from the CM. I believe this was done with the sole purpose to humiliate me for political reasons.\"This did not go down too well with the CM who was up on his feet to defend himself. \"I can tell you that I had no knowledge about it and I would do nothing to hurt anyone.\" But Capt Amarinder insisted, \"No, I was told that you knew about the raid and it was done with your consent. What has hurt me is that the raid was just to gather information on the power load which was required for an RTI application. If I had been approached by the department, I would have given the required information. Anyway, the information the PSPCL wanted from the raids is already with them. It was just an excuse.\"The PCC president made it clear that a transformer was installed in the Moti Bagh Palace with an electricity meter. Besides, he said, there were two parts within the palace -- one for Moti Bagh Palace and another for the servant quarters. He said all the bills were duly and regularly paid. The raids had been conducted on Saturday where all 11 power meters were checked.I am not a rainmaker: BadalIn response to the leader of Opposition Sunil Jakhar's attack on the government for pathetic power supply, the chief minister blamed it on lack of rains which has pushed demand from 10% to 18%. Expressing his helplessness, he said, \"Main oh Badal taan hai nahin, jo meen karva de\" (I am a Badal but not a rain maker), he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14399742", "title": "Changing lifestyles lead to drug abuse", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The state is all set to observe International Day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking on Tuesday. A series of events would be organised in the city. Experts here claimed that fast changing life styles and peer pressure are two prime factors for steep increase in the number of drug abuse cases across the globe and only awareness could bring the desired results.In Sangam City, most of the durg users are staying near the station road. The volunteers were also taking the people identified under High Risk Group (HRG) with an objective to check the drug abuse. Two city-based NGOs are working to check the drug abuse and this would help in keeping close check over the health of the sex workers and incidence of deadly diseases like AIDS could be effectively controlled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14405530", "title": "A dream come true for Shabana Azmi", "text": "While many generations of Indian actors hero-worship Shabana Azmi , she hero-worships the Norwegian actress Liv Ullman. In fact Shabana owes a lot of her acting skills to Ullman, and has no qualms in admitting it.And it was a dream-come-true when this month Shabana got a chance to present a lifetime achievement award to Liv Ullman at IIFA. Says Shabana, \"I've been her Eklavya. Unknown to her I've watched and read her , listened to her and learned. For me she's touchstone of that truth and purity that can be achieved in a performance.\"In her speech before handing over the award to her idol Shabana said, \"Cinema without her is like a poem without words, like a violin without strings, like a heart without heartbeats. As a student of Film and Television Institute of India, I was introduced to her luminosity and her brilliance as an actor and I was spellbound. She became for me the touchstone of the purity and truth that can be achieved in a performance. In 37 years of my film career I say without exaggeration this is the highest point, that I have been called upon to present the IIFA award for outstanding contribution to world cinema to a Norwegian by birth but universal in spirit, the First Lady of World Cinema, the legendary Liv Ullmann. In honouring you, we honour ourselves. Liv, please allow me to show my respect to you in the traditional Indian way reserved for Gurus... I'd like to touch your feet in respect and gratitude.\"Recalls Shabana emotionally, \"Liv Ullman started crying when I introduced her and asked me to send her the words I had used. For a person as celebrated and feted, it is extraordinary that she was so moved. Her luminosity and brilliance radiates from every pore. In addition, she declared that she has fallen in love with my husband Javed after watching him create a song in front of a live audience. Liv said it was worth it being alive to have been witness to such an experience.\"Shabana feels equally fulfilled after coming face-to-face with her idol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14400546", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee behind \u2018cover-up\u2019 on Netaji\u2019s air-crash, alleges book", "text": "NEW DELHI: A soon-to-be-published book claims that finance minister and UPA's presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee was engaged in an elaborate \"cover-up\" on the last days of Azad Hind Fauj founder and national leader Subhas Chandra Bose.Penned by former journalist Anuj Dhar, the book that is likely to hit the stands in July, dismisses the official version that Bose died in an air-crash in Taiwan in 1945. The book, India's Biggest Cover-Up, is based on records declassified by the US, British and Indian authorities and several documents that continue to be kept secret over 65 years after the incident.Dhar says that Mukherjee, in his capacity as the foreign minister, went the extra mile to support the air-crash theory despite evidence negating it. Referring to an incident in 1996, Dhar says that the then joint secretary (JS) in the ministry of external affairs suggested in a secret note that India should issue a demarche to the Russian Federation that they should conduct a search for any evidence about Bose in the KGB archives.The book says, Mukherjee saw this note and directed foreign secretary Salman Haider to meet the JS. After this meeting, the JS forgot about the demarche and became increasingly cynical and eventually noted that to seek access to the KGB archive would harm Indo-Russian relations. \"Mukherjee remains India's foremost proponent of the Bose died in Taiwan theory,'' he writes.Dhar also claims that in 1994 the MEA in response to a top secret home ministry query about the Japanese government's confirmation of Bose's death by way of furnishing a proper death certificate replied in negative since the Japanese records were obviously fake.A decade later, Mukherjee was described in the Justice Mukherjee Commission of inquiry report as one of the seven witnesses who had testified before it in favour of the story of Bose's death. Ironically, Mukherjee returned to power in 2004, and then sat in judgment on the Commission report with his other Cabinet colleagues, rejecting the report's conclusions.The author believes that there is enough circumstantial evidence to show that Bose was possibly in Russia after the crash, and between 1945 and 1990 the Indian government did not bother to ask the Russian authorities about it.When asked what he believed actually happened if Bose did not die in 1945, Dhar said, \"There is some evidence to suggest he died in Faizabad but the question can only be incontestably settled when government undertakes comprehensive declassification especially of those documents held by intelligence agencies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14398667", "title": "Youth dies in Sancoale bike mishap", "text": "VASCO: Krishna Pandarinath Pednekar, 24, resident of Baina, Vasco, died on the spot when a bike he was riding dashed against a parked tanker from behind near the Shantadurga temple in Sancoale in the wee hours of Monday.Pednekar was returning from Anjuna after celebrating Sao Joao festival, when he lost control of the bike. When police reached the site, Pednekar was found fallen behind the tanker with severe head injuries.The postmortem on the body was conducted in Hospicio hospital, Margao and it was later handed over to the family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14395870", "title": "Many Cong leaders want a fair talk on debacle", "text": "HYDERABAD: Post-election troubles have begun to haunt the Congress. Many leaders want a fair and frank discussion on the reasons for the defeat of the party in the bypolls for 18 assembly and one Lok Sabha constituencies. Many leaders such as Chiranjeevi blame the leadership for the poor coordination in the party.These leaders want a brainstorming session such as the one AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi organized in Karnataka where leaders from the block level to district level were given an opportunity to vent their emotions on the failures of the party.Arrest of excise minister Mopidevi Venktaramana, liquor scam, disowning of the YSR legacy completely, Jagan coverts in the party, due recognition to the erstwhile Prajarajyam candidates, appointing party leaders to nominated posts etc are the issues they want to raise in the meeting.Former PCC president and Rajya Sabha member V Hanumanta Rao said the state leadership should not wash off its hands by organizing in-camera review meetings with a handful of district leaders.\"Party workers hold their version on the defeat of the Congress candidates in 16 constituencies and why some even lost their deposit. The matter is too serious to be left to closed-door meetings in CM's camp office or Gandhi Bhavan under the portrait of YS Rajasekhara Reddy,\" he said.Such meeting should be wider and should be taken place in the presence of AICC general secretary in-charge of Andhra Pradesh affairs.According to Hanumanta Rao, such a meeting held by Rahul Gandhi in Karnatakana had yielded good results in byelections.On Monday, to enlist the support to his idea he met senior functionaries of the party and government such as deputy chief ministers C Damodara Rajanarasimha, Chiranjeevi and former PCC president D Srinivas. He said he is also planning to meet senior MPs such as KS Rao and RS Rao.He said broadly Rajanarasimha, Chiranjeevi and D Srinivas were positively inclined to a brainstorming session.Rao said he was receiving requests from many district leaders for an extended meeting for an impartial and fair review of the reasons for the party's miserable performance.\"When you ask the leader to talk about results under the photograph of YS Rajasekhara Reddy, who would feel free to talk,\" he asked.He said he had been demanding a brainstorming session for quite some time. \"The election results provide an opportunity to do that,\" Rao said.The talk of a brainstorming session has acquired new dimension after Rajya Sabha member Chiranjeevi openly criticized disunity in the party and said winning the 2014 election would be impossible in the present circumstances.Earlier, party's defeated candidate of Tirupati Venkatarama alleged that he was ditched by his own party leaders. He said party workers were upset that the nominated posts were not being filled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398088", "title": "Doctors on strike, medical services hit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thousands of doctors struck work on Monday in support of the nationwide strike called by Indian Medical Association (IMA) in opposition of the National Commission for Human Resources for Health (NCHRH) Bill 2011 which the medical fraternity termed as \"draconian and unfair\".A dharma was held at Ahmedabad Medical Association (AMA) where representatives of medical, dental, nursing, homoeopathy, ayurveda and other associations strongly opposed the NCHRH Bill as well as newly introduced shortterm Bachelor of Rural Medicine Sciences (BRMS) course.Doctors raised slogans against the Union government for the NCHRH Bill. \"It is an unfair, draconian bill. In today's era of decentralization, the government is imposing centralization of power for healthcare sector by dissolving all the councils. Each and every citizen of India has the right to represent and this rule applies to doctors as well,\" said Dr Bipin Patel, secretary of IMA (Gujarat).Private hospitals as well as major corporate hospitals wore a deserted look as OPDs were closed and no planned surgeries were done. \"Only emergency services were on so that the patients do not suffer,\" said CEO of HCG Medisurge Hospital, Dr Bharat Gadhvi.Government doctors were exempted from the strike who wore black ribbons to work in support of the bandh. The move was to ensure that poor patients do not bear the brunt of the medical strike.Two small skits were also presented about how the short-term BRMS course will enable doctors with half- baked knowledge to do justice to rural patients. \"Poor patients too are citizens of India and deserve doctors who have complete knowledge to treat them. The government is trying to produce doctors with half-baked knowledge through the short-term rural medicine course,\" said Dr Patel.In the evening, candle-light marches were organized at Vastrpur, Sabarmati and Maninagar to mark the day-long strike. A blood donation camp was organized with Red Cross and many doctors donated blood to show a novel way of protest.A helpline specifically started to ensure that citizens do not get deprived of medical attention due to the strike got numerous calls for various ailments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14399922", "title": "Human chain formed against dam construction", "text": "COIMBATORE: More than 1000 people participated in a human chain formed in Coimbatore on Monday evening to protest the move by the Kerala government to revive a three-decade old project to dam the waters that flow into the Bhavani River from Siruvani River downstream at Attapady. Participants shouted slogans against the dam lobby in Kerala, which is indifferent to the drinking water and irrigation needs of Coimbatore, Tirupur and Erode.Those who participated in the human chain included activists of DMK, CPI, VCK, PMK, PDK and Lok Satta among others. The chain began at Gandhipuram and extended to Park Gate. The protestors urged the state to seek central government intervention in this sensitive issue.Periyar Dravida Kazhagam General Secretary K Ramakrishnan, chief organizer of the protest, said the human chain was being formed in the backdrop of reports that Kerala Government had decided to revive its 30-year old proposal to build a dam across the river to store four TMC of water. The decision is arbitrary and against the federal spirit, he said.The move, he said, would affect irrigation needs in Tirupur, Erode and Coimbatore districts. Though farmers had thwarted an earlier attempt to build a check dam at Mukkali, the move has 'shocked' residents and farmers, he saidM Ramanathan, DMK leader and former member of Parliament, said that the Kerala government has been persistently creating problems beginning with the construction of a new dam in Mullaperiyar. The proposed dam plan would affect the inflow into Pillur scheme, affecting drinking water supply to larger portions of Coimbatore city and suburbs. In addition, depletion of water in Bhavani would be a set back to agriculture in Coimbatore, Tirupur and Erode districts.\"If they to go ahead with their plans to build the dam all roads to Kerala from Tamil Nadu will be closed,\" he said adding that any further plans should be immediately scrapped as it may create a rift between people of both the state.MDMK leader and ex MLA Duraisamy said that the centre had been silent on the issue. He urged the central government to intervene and resolve the issue. M Arumugam, CPI, MLA also voiced similar sentiments.Meanwhile, agitated VCK cadres burned Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy's picture and stopped a vehicle with Kerala registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14405209", "title": "Now a sequel to Poor Cousins of Million Dollar Babies", "text": "After \" Poor Cousins of Million Dollar Babies\", a docudrama on women's cricket, Sunil Yash Kalra is now all set with its sequel. \"I had started work on the official history of women's cricket in 2005 and rather than write it down, I did camera interviews.Amazing facts, totally unknown to people, cropped up. Sample these: Belinda Clark had scored 227 in 1995, way before Sachin. Then, the fact that the first T20 century was also scored by a woman! I have spent seven years researching and there are amazing anecdotes that needed to be shared. Rather than picking up a new topic, I thought it made sense to use the vast pool of information I had. Hence a sequel to \"Poor cousins\",\" says Sunil.Sportspersons have a very different and caustic sense of humour and Sunil says there are some funny moments in the film. \"Women cricketers would beat the best stand-up comedians of India. For instance, the boys, on their day out, would typically go out for a drink. But the girls? They get into live competitions of song and dance, like reality shows. They copy these shows. It was great fun capturing these moments in the dressing room,\" says Sunil.So what are some of the fun moments that he caught on tape , we ask. He says that all-rounder Rumeli Dhar apparently mimics this very nagging coach, he'd rather not name. \"You will be in splits when you see her saying \" Apko pata hai, madam aane wali hai? Pata hai apko ?\" he laughs. The girls were a bit hesitant initially when Sunil and his camera crew kept following them into the dressing room, but finally, they opened up. \"It was like filming wildlife. They realized the respect I have for them and gradually shed all inhibitions. Now, Jhulan (Goswami) says I am a flagbearer of women's cricket,\" he says. Sunil says that Jhulan and Anita Sharma are the brats of the team.However, it's not just the Indian players but Sunil has also come across international cricketers, the likes of Pakistan's Urooj Mumtaz, in his quest. \"Just wait and watch, it will be a great film,\" says Sunil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14403733", "title": "Akshay Kumar takes his film to SoBo streets", "text": "Akshay Kumar is no stranger to shooting on the streets of Mumbai, and this time around, we spotted the actor on Sunday evening at Horniman Circle.Alternately sporting a grey and yellowish green shirt, the actor breezed through the Fort area even as a special song from OMG - Oh My God played in the background.While Himesh Reshammiya, who is the co-producer of Khiladi 786 along with Akshay, has composed Oh My God 's music, the Meet Brothers were specially summoned for this particular track, revealed a source close to the project.And only after Akshay had okayed the tune, permissions were taken to shoot in SoBo. Moving from Horniman Circle to the street outside Asiatic Library to Chowpatty, the unit took one whole day to complete the song. And in between shots, the Khiladi, far from cooling his heels in his vanity van, chose to play some galli cricket with the youngsters who had gathered around.In Oh My God, which is a screen adaptation of Umesh Shukla's Gujarati play Kanji Virudhh Kanji, which has also been remade in Hindi as Krishna vs Kanhaiya, Akshay plays a modern-day Lord Krishna. The film is a joint venture between Akshay Kumar and Ashwini Yardi's Grazing Goat Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396284", "title": "Nagpur University admits leak, orders re-exam of BCCA paper", "text": "NAGPUR: After continuously denying for over two months and even going to the extent of blaming TOI for fabrication of e-mails, the Nagpur University on Monday finally acknowledged that the Business Law paper of final year Bachelor of Commerce (B Com) Computer Application (New Course), conducted on April 21 was indeed leaked. 2,965 students will now have to reappear for the exam to be held on July 8 from 2.30 to 5.30pm.Vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal, while using special powers given on behalf of Board of Examinations (BoE) under Section 32(4) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, took the decision after the police last week confirmed that the leak had indeed taken place and e-mails sent were not fabricated.Sources told TOI that the VC was forced to take action after receiving flak from chancellor K Sankaranarayanan on Monday afternoon. The chancellor wanted to know what action had been taken after the police had confirmed the leak. Fireworks are now expected at the management council meeting on July 6.TOI was the only paper that reported the incident correctly and has been tracking the issue since then. The varsity administration was allegedly trying to protect the guilty by denying the leak and had even constituted a shadow panel under Eknath Kathale to give a clean chit to NU.Several academicians of the city had termed the paper leak as the biggest controversy to hit the varsity after the Kohchade marks scam in 1999. On Monday, the varsity chose to admit the leak through a press release signed by PRO Prashant Mohite.Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, who had initially accused TOI of fabricating the leak, confirmed that they had cancelled the Business Law paper and would now conduct a re-examination on July 8. \"Only re-exam of this paper will be conducted and we will declare the results within five days,\" he said.He added that students should bring old hall-tickets and centre of exams will be same as allotted earlier. \"In case of hall tickets being lost, they should contact their respective colleges and get it for Rs 25. We had already informed all centres about the new procedure,\" Kane added.Chancellor nominee on Management Council, Sanjay Khadakkar, who had initially confirmed the leak in his report, remarked that though late the VC had taken a right decision. \"He should have done it much earlier for the benefit of students. Now, their results should be declared as early as possible,\" he said.An academician, not wanting to be named, wanted to know why the VC was trying to protect the guilty. \"The VC and his team have mortgaged the university in their attempt to save the culprits. They must owe moral responsibility of bringing disgrace to the institution and resign en-masse,\" he said.Worse than the crime, the cover-up. Nagpur University characterized this with its dealing of BCCA paper leak. Had it been open and upfront about it, the leak would have looked like an aberration. In such a large system, things will sometimes go wrong. There is no shame in that. You can acknowledge the error and correct them quickly. Or, like NU did, you can keep denying the facts and act only when forced to. The latter option makes you look complicit in the crime. At least now, NU should ensure the re-exam is conducted without any glitches. The students will not be able to bear another shock. The varsity then must address the shortcomings that led to the leak. Hopefully, some right lessons will be learnt from this bitter episode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395405", "title": "For them, helping others kick addiction is mission possible", "text": "BHOPAL: Once vagabonds, loitering on platforms of Bhopal railway station and more often intoxicated with drugs, Nirmal and Sagar (names changed), both teenagers, are eking out a decent livelihood now.It all started around 10 years ago, when Rajeev Dixit, principal, Government Habibia Boys Middle School, Station Area, noticed the duo. With the help of a Bhopal-based NGO, Aarambh, and Government of India's Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, of which Dixit was a part, there began a mission to rehabilitate Nirmal and Santosh. \"We were working for children who spent major part of their day on platform, often involving in anti-social activities like inhaling drug and stealing. Nirmal would often indulge in thefts,\" said Dixit.For the two children, around 10 years of age then, addiction to drugs gradually became a thing of the past. Aaramb, which works for implementation of Childline project under the Union Ministry of Women and Child Development, motivated them to join school. The two attended day school at the NGO's Indrapuri centre and another NGO, Bachpan's night school at Bajaria in the old city successfully completing their primary education.What followed next for the two was more help from other sources, including a retired bureaucrat, some NGOs and schools for their higher school education. \"With consistent remedial classes, we noticed a positive change in the children. This prompted us to educate them further. Their education and associated expenses were mainly sponsored by a former IAS officer,\" said Archana Sahay, director of Aarambh. \"They were later shifted to a shelter home, Ummid, at Ayodhya Nagar in the city,\" added Sahay.So was Nirmal's passion for judo that he learnt the sport and won prizes at various levels. Vocational course ITI was something that came next for the duo.Nirmal and Sagar's lives tell a different tale now. They are out of those dingy corners of Bhopal railway station, away from a dissipated life. \"They work as electricians and earn a good living for themselves and their family,\" said their mentor Dixit proudly. \"Nirmal even makes it to Rs 10,000 a month,\" he added.\"It feels nice that they are completely out their habit of drugs. Influenced by the tale of these two children, even Nirmal's brothers, who were into rag picking and other menial work at the railway station, have chosen decent work to make a living,\" Sahay said.\"For me, the best day was when Nirmal completed his ITI and flaunted me the bike which he bought on his own,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14399964", "title": "Candidates banking on patriotic films songs to garner sympathy, votes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The ongoing civic bodies' polls have given rise to a new brand of patriots in the city in the form of candidates. Campaign vehicles of most of the candidates can be seen playing patriotic tunes in full blare unmindful of their relevance for the occasion.The song \"Vande Matram\" from the old time hit 'Anandmath' based on Bankim Chandra Chattopadhaya's novel, tops the list of patriotic numbers being played at campaign vehicles. In between this, the agent of the candidate chips in with phrases in praise of the candidate for whom he/she is canvassing, issuing appeals to vote for them.Another favourite of these aspiring netas is from Manoj Kumar starrer 'Pukar' where the hero eulogises his motherland through the song \"Mere Desh Ki Dharti Sona Ugle, Ugle Heere Moti\". But it remains to be seen that how the corporators would convert their respective wards into a 'Golden Bird' when the odds are always against the local bodies in the state, remarked a resident, Samir.Likewise the song from the film 'Shaheed' based on the life of the great Indian revolutionary, Bhagat Singh \"Mera Rang De Basant Chola Mahi Rang De\" is enough to stir the patriotic sentiments of any ordinary Indian. But how will it galvanise the force of corporators to make the city clean and free from pollution, is a million dollar question, said Saurabh Sinha, a lawyer.In the same manner, the song from Prithviraj Kapoor starrer 'Sikandar-e-Azam' has also found a new set of takers who relentlessly play the evergreen number 'Jahan Daal Daal Pe Sone Ki Chidiya Karti Hai Basera, woh Bharat Desh Hai Mera'. \"Perhaps the candidates seem to be unaware about the fact that how good it is going to serve their cause in the elections,\" said a voter, Mahesh Chandra Tripathi.He said that no doubt patriotism should always remain a driving force for Indian and particularly those who want to get elected as public representatives. But instead of playing songs in full blare and creating a cacophony, the candidates should spell out their priorities and vision for the residents of their respective wards.Sharing his views with TOI, a former corporator, Salamat Ali whose wife is now contesting the elections in his place, said that \"Hamara Maqsad sirf yeh hai ki janata ko apne se jodna hai aur vishwaas dilana hai ki hamare irade aur soch akdam nek hai\" (Our sole motive is to strike chord with the public and assure them our objectives are pure) he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14396753", "title": "The biggest win for Venus Williams", "text": "LONDON: Five-team Wimbledon champion American Venus Williams, who suffers from Sjogren's syndrome, a systemic autoimmune disease, said her biggest victory was in fighting the disease and returning to the tennis tour she so ruthlessly dominated not so long ago.Venus, 32, the older of the Williams sisters, said, \"The biggest victory for me is to be back. A lot of people wouldn't even have the opportunity to even comeback, so I am grateful for the opportunity. With every day that passes it means I have another chance. If the sun comes up I have a chance.\"Venus, who has her own design business, however refused to consider retirement, saying she was looking forward to playing the Olympics and then returning to the All England Club next year.She said, \"I have to make good on that chance, prepare the best I can, see what that day brings, continue being positive, continue figuring out how to live my life and figure out how to play sport in this life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14400550", "title": "Seed of freedom drives Bhogal Sons\u2019 success", "text": "In 1939, when storms of dissent against the British rule were blowing strong across India with fiery speeches exhorting people to oppose the colonizers, an unsung technician working in a British company in Ludhiana decided to launch his own protest. Armed with a couple of hundred rupees he started a small unit \u2014 Chaker Company \u2014 to manufacture bicycle components and challenge the monopoly of UK companies.That was Karam Singh Bhogal working out of a small single-room workshop near Clock Tower. Cut to 2012: the seed of freedom movement has flourished into the brand that bicycle companies swear by -- Bhogal Sons. It has an annual turnover of Rs-40 crore and boasts of five big units in Ludhiana, 1,400 dealers across the country and clients in Asia, Africa, Europe and America. They now manufacture bicycle components, bicycles, ice-cream carts and remote-controlled aero-models.In 1948, soon after Independence, he changed the name of the brand to Bhogal Sons Industry. Initially, two of his elder sons M S Bhogal and D S Bhogal assisted him and later the other five sons also joined in the family business. Talking to TOI, Surinder Singh Bhogal, managing partner in Bhogal Sons, said, \"In pre-Independence era we were entirely dependent on the UK for cycles. My father started his small scale unit of manufacturing bicycle components to break their monopoly. It was his own peaceful way to condemn British rule in India.\"The brand's humble beginnings were blessed as it grabbed many firsts and received many state and national awards for its contribution. \"Bhogal became the first brand to export bicycle components abroad in 1960. We started with exports to Kenya and Malaysia. In 2004, we diversified business and started manufacturing integral products like bicycles, sports cycles, kids scooters, ice-cream carts, advertisement vending vehicles and remote-controlled aero-models,\" said Surinder, a law graduate who has remained chief traffic marshal in Ludhiana for three years in a row.Bhogals has emerged as a pioneer brand not only in India but it is also well respected in European countries like Holland, Belgium, France, Germany and Luxembourg. The brand is so well accepted by the dwellers of these countries and they even recognize the owners from the brand name.Narrating one such incident, S S Bhogal, managing partner in Bhogal Sons, told TOI, \"I had gone to Sri Lanka for a business meeting and was staying at a resort where a group of around 80 people from Holland arrived. We were sitting in a coffee shop and the resort's manager introduced me to them. Just by my surname, they recognized me and made me the chief guest for the evening. They told me that they were using our products for couple of decades and praised our brand. It was an overwhelming moment for me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396835", "title": "Lohia Path's flyover meets a dead end", "text": "LUCKNOW: The nearly two-kilometre-long flyover, constructed at an estimated cost of around Rs 20 crore on Gomtinagar's Lohia Path has run into a grave yard with both PWD and UP Bridge Corporation facing a piquant riddle as how to pass the said flyover through the cemetery. The flyover was constructed nearly two months ago and is waiting to be thrown open for public use.The departments are now mulling to construct a slab over the grave yard to allow free flow of traffic. But that may not be that easy to come by, as locals are against construction of a road over the grave yard, which they claim is nearly 100 years old. Secondly, the grave yard also has over a dozen trees that will have to be chopped off to pave way for the slab.PWD sources confirmed that the issue has turned contentious following protest by local residents, not to speak of the fact that it is a Muslim grave yard, which may not be touched so easily. \"The issue is being taken up with the bridge corporation authorities,\" said chief engineer, PWD, PK Mittal, while speaking to TOI on Monday. A senior official in UP Bridge Corporation said that it is only after a consensus is reached with the locals that the work on the said flyover may be resumed. Sources said that the authorities are mulling to construct a slab over the grave yard at a height that would allow movement of traffic on one hand and at the same time do not hinder the locals to reach the grave yard to perform the rituals. \"The department is likely to make an estimate of the project,\" an official said.Locals said that the grave yard situated in village Ujariaon is around 100-year-old. It also comprises more than a dozen full grown trees, which, obviously, will have to be cut to pave way for the road.The issue has not only created a host of problems for the locals but has also exposed the myopic vision of authorities as they conceptualise the projects. \"There have been a host of issues attached with the project. It was nowhere needed in the first instance,\" said president of Gomtinagar Jal Kalyan Mahasamiti, Brikeshwar Tewari. He said that the use of the bridge was under question from the very beginning. \"We have been raising the issue, but authorities did not bother to consider it,\" he said.The flyover was initially conceptualised as a cycle and walking track during the previous Samajwadi Party government, when Mulayam Singh Yadav was the chief minister. Mayawati , soon after assuming power trashed the project and had got the flyover constructed.It was initially supposed to move into Vivek Khand. However the idea was shelved after what many said because of the pressure from some bureaucrats who owned the house in the locality. It was subsequently taken straight along Vijay Khand, even as PWD authorities justified it by citing high traffic volume moving along Lohia Path.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14398747", "title": "Retired 'tarvottis' to get pension scheme by July end, govt says", "text": "MARGAO: Making good on its election promise, the BJP-led government in a bid to strengthen its base with the minority community announced that the much-awaited pension scheme for retired seafarers would be launched by July end.Commissioner for NRI affairs Wilfred Mesquita has announced that the rules for the pension scheme as promised by the chief minister are in the last stage of finalization. He spoke while addressing the seafarer community at a function held at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, on Monday on the occasion of International Day for Seafarers.\"The government of Goa is committed to the welfare of the seafarers and the assurances given to them will be fulfilled in the days to come,\" said Mesquita. The chief minister who was expected to attend the function could not make it as he was out of station. The chief minister had already announced his plans to increase the pension scheme from 200 to 2,500 as promised and also to come up with a medical insurance policy for seafarers in case of death and injury.This increase in the ex-gratia monetary scheme for retired seafarers was a long standing demand of Goa seamen association of India (GSAI), who organized Monday's function. Director of NRI affairs U D Kamat further announced that the scheme which had been sent to other government agencies such as the finance department would be launched by July end.Mesquita further said that a meeting would be held shortly with GSAI to get their feedback on the pension scheme prepared by the government. \"We are also forming a seafarers cell in our department that will look after the pension scheme,\" said Mesquita.Incidentally, GSAI had earlier demanded that the government create a seafarer commissioner on the lines of the commission headed by Mesquita. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had promised to appoint a commissioner within six months of being elected.However, after the function, GSAI secretary Michael Beny da Costa, while speaking to TOI, said that the government had informed them that instead of creating a new commission for seafarers, there would be a seafarer cell under the commission for NRI affairs.\"This cell will look after the pension scheme for now, but later will act as the nodal point between the seafarer community and the government,\" added da Costa.Da Costa further appealed to the seafarer community not to misuse the ex-gratia monetary scheme for retired seafarers. GSAI president Dixon Vaz further added that they had spoken to the chief minister, Mesquita and North Goa MP Shripad Naik regarding their grievances with the Continuous Discharge Certificate (CDC) , which is required for seafarers to travel abroad.\"We are in the process of arranging a meeting with the Union minister for shipping and the director general of shipping who is the main authority on CDC,\" added Vaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396254", "title": "Homeo drugs in corporation health centres soon", "text": "CHENNAI: A wide range of homeopathic medicines may soon be available at att the 75 medical dispensaries of Chennai Corporation.The civic body has requested homeopathic doctors to submit a proposal listing common diseases and various homeopathic and other alternative medicines to the health minister.The corporation seems particularly interested in the homeopathic cure for dengue, which has affected more than 171 people in the city since January. Homeopaths prescribe a drug called Euporitium Eerprfolian for dengue.Doctors say homeopathic medicines are known to have lesser side effects and cost just a fraction of allopathic medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397203", "title": "Union protests as railway staff not paid travelling allowance", "text": "NAGPUR: The central railway employees have not been paid their travelling allowance (TA) for the last three months. To protest against this and other issues the Central Railway Mazdoor Sangh (CRMS) organised a demonstration.The protest was organised at the premises of the divisional railway manager (DRM) office. It started with a march from the western entrance of the railway station to the DRM office and ended with a gate meeting.\"CRMS has always represented the grievances and the problems of the central railways employees but the authorities have done nothing but give hollow assurances and have not taken any action to solve our problems. We have organised this protest to attract the attention of the authorities towards the numerous problems we are facing,\" said Vinod Chaturvedi, divisional secretary, CRMS.The other issue taken up during the protest include filling up of vacant posts, improving the condition of railway colonies, not making employees work more than eight hours, and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396189", "title": "SIx-year-old boy drowns in Kurla, 12-year-old in Sanpada", "text": "MUMBAI: Two boys died in two separate incidents of drowning on Monday.The first incident occurred at Sector 4 in Sanpada. Abhishek S Bhardwaj (12), a Class VI student of a Marathi-medium municipal school in Sanpada, sneaked out with two of his friends during the lunch break to swim. They headed to a construction site where a massive pit had been dug up and filled with water. The three entered the pit, thinking it wasn't too deep. Within minutes, Abhishek's friends realized that something was wrong when they couldn't spot him. Abhishek was the first to enter water and had ventured deep into the pit.Officials of the Navi Mumbai fire brigade and Turbhe police rushed to the spot to search for the boy. At the time of going to press, officials were still trying to find the boy's body. Sources said staff of the municipal school, where Abhishek studied, used to allow students to go out of the complex during the lunch break.Abhishek's father is an autorickshaw driver. The boy's mother, who had rushed to the spot on hearing the news, was distraught on hearing about his death.12-year-old boy, Abhishek S Bhardwaj, drowned in a big pool of water at a construction site in Sector 4, Sanpada, while he and two other friends went there to swim on Monday afternoon.Abhishek, who studied in Std VI of a Marathi-medium municipal school at Sanpada, had sneaked out with two of his friends during the lunch break to swim in the water at the dug-up construction site.Unfortunately, he drowned. The victim's father is an autorickshaw driver. The boy's mother, who had rushed to the spot on hearing the news, was distraught on hearing about his death.\"The search of the boy's body is going on at the spot, since it is a big water pool. It is likely to be found by evening time,'' said an official of Turbhe police.The Navi Mumbai fire brigade officials were also called to search for the body.Reportedly, the municipal school staff used to allow students to go out of the complex during lunch breaks in the afternoon.In the second incident, Ghatkopar resident Michael Fernandes (6) drowned in Sheetal talao in Kurla (W), where he had gone for a swim, on Monday around 4pm. His body was fished out of the pond late in the evening. A case of accidental death has been registered.Fernandes has gone for swimming alone when he got drown. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401311", "title": "\u2018Give Urdu 2nd official language status in state\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of Muslim intellectuals has demanded second official language status for Urdu in Maharashtra, pointing out that the state has the largest number of Urdumedium schools in the country and a huge chunk of its population speaks Urdu. The scholars and writers feel providing second official language status to Urdu will help its progress.At a meeting in south Mumbai last week to discuss issues concerning Muslims, over two dozen Muslim intellectuals and activists stressed the need to get second official language for Urdu.\"Urdu hasn't been given its due in Maharashtra. The Maharashtra Urdu Academy is in a shambles and many Urdu-medium schools have been shut down due to government apathy . Urdu will be linked to roziroti (employment) if the language is granted official status,\" said Meraj Siddiqui, president, Muslim Intellectual Forum.Senior Urdu journalist Saeed Hameed rubbished apprehensions that the demand for second official language status to Urdu would fuel communal skirmishes.\"Whenever such a demand is raised in the state, it is quelled immediately citing objections parties like the Shiv Sena and BJP might have to it. Urdu is not in conflict with Marathi or any other language,\" said Hameed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14400084", "title": "Thousands languish as 8000 doctors cease work", "text": "RANCHI: Thousands of patients in Jharkhand languished outside government and private hospitals throughout the day on Monday as almost 8,000 doctors belonging to the Indian Medical Association (IMA) abstained from work, supporting the nationwide strike called by the organization.Patients outside the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), where 350 doctors abstained from work, had tough time convincing the doctors that they were \"extremely sick\" and needed immediate medical treatment. Patients were also not treated at any private hospital in the city.At a private infertility hospital, a newborn baby allegedly died because of carelessness and lack of doctors. The test-tube baby suffered acute respiratory problems. However this could not be confirmed by the authorities. Prakash Kumar, the father of the baby, alleged that doctors' carelessness and strike had claimed the life of the baby.According to official figures, 35 patients were admitted to RIMS's emergency unit till 2pm. No additional arrangement of doctors was, however, made in the wake of the strike. Four PG doctors, one assistant doctor and one chief medical officer were available as usual in the emergency.Umesh, who broke his right leg at a field in Ormanjhi, did not qualify for treatment. \"The doctor asked me to bring him tomorrow. My brother is in severe pain,\" said Brishan Horo, Umesh's younger brother. The two brothers are planning to spend the night outside the OPD.Nasreen of Bariyatu also met a similar fate. \"The doctors are saying that my son is not that much critical,\" said Nasreen. The five-year-old boy had both his eyes badly swollen and he was not able to see properly.In medicine, orthopaedics, paediatrics and other wards of the RIMS patients, waited for the doctors but only the nurses treated them. No surgery was conducted in the hospital. Nitai Kumar Singh, a resident of Jamui district, had to undergo knee and ankle surgery on Monday. \"The surgery has already been delayed. I am languishing here for the last eight days,\" said Singh. In medicine ward the patients who suffered from as critical diseases as stone in gall bladder were also left uncared.RIMS director Tulsi Mahto said no untoward case was reported throughout the day. \"Doctors in the emergency ward have been instructed to remain alert. All the patients who have come in critical condition have been treated,\" said Mahto.At Sadar Hospital, too, doctors were not available. Generally, eight doctors sit in the OPD at the hospital. \"The total number of patients is very few on Monday. We have treated all the patients who were critical in emergency,\" said Dr Anil Kumar . However Dr Kumar was the only doctor available at Sadar Hospital's emergency ward. Over 40 patients were seen here on Monday.Over 100 patients returned without treatment from the city's posh Apollo Hospital. \"We did not carry out any planned surgery. Only accidental surgeries were conducted,\" said director of the hospital Shahid Ansari. City's Curie Abdur Razzaque Ansari Cancer Institute also deferred all planned cancer operations.Almost similar scene was prevailing at private nursing homes across the state. At Guru Nanak Hospital, Raj Hospital, K C Rai Memorial Hospital, and Hill View Nursing Home among others patients were not seen. IMA's Ranchi chapter president Dr R S Das, who works as a consultant for various private hospitals in the city, said, \"The private hospitals were as affected as the government hospitals.\"Besides the RIMS in Ranchi, state-run Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Medical College and Hospital (MGMCH) in Jamshedpur, Patliputra Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) in Dhanbad were also affected.\"The strike has been 100% successful and an unprecedented one. No patient has been treated at any government hospital or private nursing home. Only emergency medical service was available,\" said IMA Jharkhand chapter president Dr A K Singh.The RIMS, the largest government hospital in the state, receives over 1,300 patients daily and 50% of them come from most underdeveloped districts like Khunti, Lohardagga, Palamu, and Gumla. Almost 500 patients arrived on Monday. Only 40 to 50 patients, however, qualified for getting treatment at the RIMS's emergency.No surgeries were done at these hospitals either. IMA's Ranchi chapter president Dr R S Das, who works as a consultant for various private hospitals in the city, said, \"The private hospitals were as affected as the government hospitals.\"Doctors in Ranchi took out a rally to express their solidarity with the national strike. They tried to submit a memorandum to CM Arjun Munda who asked them to submit it to health minister Hemlal Murmu .The IMA is opposing the Centre's move to establish a National Commission for Human Resources for Health by merging the Medical Council of India, Dental Council of India, Pharmacists Council of India and Nursing Council of India. The government is also contemplating to introduce the Clinical Establishment Act which the doctors claim to have harsh provisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396839", "title": "Youth accused of firing in Hazratganj held", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hazratganj police on Monday arrested the accused who allegedly opened fire at a youth from his Mercedes car on Sunday. The accused was identified as Altaaf, a resident of Aambagh. The police also seized the Mercedes car.Late on Sunday night, Mustafa, 20, informed the police that a youth had fired at him. On receiving the information, senior police officials including circle officer Dinesh Yadav reached the spot. But the police could not confirm firing. However, on the complaint of Mustafa, the police lodged an FIR and began investigation into the matter.On Monday, the police traced the Mercedes car and picked up Altaaf's elder brother Chand. A few hours later Altaaf was nabbed while Chand was let off. The police, however, still maintained that no firing had taken place. But since Mustafa gave a complaint of attempt to murder, a case under Section 307 IPC was lodged.Sources, however, gave a different version. According to them, Mustafa, son of a jeweller, was having ice cream along with his friend at a food joint near Hazratganj crossing. The duo saw a girl sitting in a Mercedes car and then made some rounds of the car on their motorbikes.Later, the car and Mustafa left simultaneously. Then near the district magistrate's residence, Altaaf, who was in the Mercedes, came out and had a heated argument with Mustafa and then left. It was after this that Mustafa informed the police that a youth driving a high-end car had opened fire at him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14403595", "title": "Katrina Kaif is the hero in 'Rajneeti 2'", "text": "The sequel to Prakash Jha's 2010 blockbuster Rajneeti is happening and this time around, Katrina Kaif will take centre-stage as the queen sized politician. Part two will chronicle her rise to power and her subsequent descent to a megalomaniac whose self-serving politics ultimately destroy her.However, those hoping to see Ranbir-Katrina coming together again in the sequel are in for a disappointment. It is learnt Ranbir has opted out, apparently because he wasn't too kicked about playing side-kick to Katrina in what would be predominantly her film.Prakash Jha confirmed the development and added, \"It is very challenging to take the Raajneeti story forward. Most of the main characters are dead. Two-thirds of the characters will be completely new. Katrina will have a central role. And though Ranbir's character didn't die at the end of Rajneeti, he won't be part of Rajneeti 2. Again, I will be doing a spin on the Mahabharat, though this time, it will be completely different.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14398617", "title": "Has the state government done enough to put in place a good public transport facility?", "text": "Goa government has done a lot to improve the bus transport in the state by establishing and expanding the fleet of the Kadamba transport corporation (KTC) whose bus services have connected even remote villages to the nearest towns. Besides this, the government has also improved roads and introduced the pass system which has made travelling cheaper. But it is absolutely necessary for the government to closely monitor the operations of private buses. The government has to put an end to the problem of overcrowding especially during peak hours and make it compulsory for conductors to issue tickets. In certain areas bus conductors don't take students as they pay 50% concession. RTO should come down heavily on such practices. Rickshaws and taxis should be made to install meters.Chandrakant Shindestudent, PernemNo, the government has not done enough on the public transport front. There is no proper metering system for any of the local modes of transport like auto rickshaws and taxis. Motor bike pilots too charge exorbitant rates. Besides this, buses stop and pick up passengers anywhere on the roads. It has also been noticed that most Kadamba buses have no tail lights or break lights working which in turn pose a danger to the vehicles behind them. There are no proper buses plying on busy routes like Panjim to Saligao, which in turn forces people to travel in their own vehicles, creating further congestion on the roads.Wilbur DesaSr manager, (HVAC), SaligaoThe government has made attempts to better the transport system but a lot more has to be done.Roads have to be improved and routes and bus stops need to be monitored and seen if they are adequate. Most public transport staff are rude and behave badly even with senior citizens. This makes it inconvenient and forces the average commuter to resort to private transport if they can afford it.Geraldine FernandesSocial activist, BenaulimAs far as the highways are concerned the state government has done a good job. However, there still are places, especially villages, which are not well connected. At the same time, major roads such as the highway in Arlem is in a sorry state. It is therefore necessary for the government to look after the maintenance of roads connecting towns and villages as they are frequently used by locals.Dishanta MalkarnekarStudent, Molcornem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401080", "title": "Board games mooted for 12L senior citizens", "text": "MUMBAI: The city has over 12 lakh senior citizens but little has been done by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) to make their lives easier. Crime against senior citizens has been increasing, making it difficult for them to enjoy their golden years. Taking note of the situation, a corporator recently moved a notice of motion in the civic house to set up recreational facilities for them in the city.There are around 10 crore senior citizens in the country, and by 2050 the figure will rise to 32 crore, according to the census. There are about 12 lakh senior citizens in Mumbai, but the civic body has not arranged for special facilities for them. Vinod Shelar ( Bharatiya Janata Party ) said, \"The BMC is the largest civic body but it does not have a system in place for senior citizens . Even smaller bodies like Navi Mumbai and Pune have cells to deal with their problems.\"Shelar said they need a special cell to deal with their problems.\"The BMC can allot classrooms in civic schools as recreational rooms for them, where they can play board games like carom and chess. The rooms can be used as centres to help senior citizens deal with legal, medical and other problems too,\" Shelar said.Experts pointed out that the fastest growing sector of the population is senior citizens because of better healthcare facilities and nutrition . However, they remain one of the most neglected sections of society . A survey found that 50% of them are widowers, 21% depend on pension for expenses and 24% survive on its interest.\"A major problem for many of them is loneliness, as their families often have no time for them and they are neglected in their own homes. It is very important for them to get together with others and socialize. If the BMC starts a programme for them, it will be a step in the right direction ,\" said Savio Rebello, an activist .Setting up recreational centres for senior citizens is only a beginning , Shelar said. \"Senior citizens should not be seen as a liability. Many want to help out and be productive , and if given a chance, they would love to help other senior citizens . The BMC should set up a helpline for senior citizens to express their grievances too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14400816", "title": "2 teenagers rape five-year-old, held", "text": "BANGALORE: A five-year-old girl who had gone to a mango grove with her friends to play and pick the fruit was allegedly raped by two teenagers in Byappanadoddi village near Yadavanahalli, off Hosur Road, Anekal taluk of Bangalore Rural district on Monday afternoon.The culprits identified as Madhura alias Operation Madhu, 19, and his friend Viji, 18, have been picked up and are being questioned by Attibele police.Venugopal alias Belurappa said that when he returned home from work his wife, Shivamma, told him that their daughter, Ranjini (name changed), had injuries on her body. Ranjini had gone to the mango grove near her house to play with other children around 1pm. They found the two teenagers drinking beer. The duo dragged Ranjini into a nearby bush , children who witnessed the barbaric incident, told the child's parents. The children fled from the grove in fear and alerted elders in the village. By the time help came, the teenagers had allegedly raped the girl, police said. The villagers kept the culprits in their custody till the police came.Ranjini is the second daughter of Belurappa and Shivamma, both daily wage labourers. Her elder sister is eight years old. Police said the child was first taken to the Anekal government hospital where doctors referred the child to the Sanjay Gandhi Hospital in Jayanagar. Sanjay Gandhi Hospital doctors confirmed rape.The child, who is under acute trauma, is undergoing treatment in Vani Vilas Hospital. Police told TOI that Madhura was a drunkard. \"He was regularly involved in fights with others. He gained notoriety as Operation Madhu as he had undergone several surgeries on his stomach because of stab injuries he had suffered in fights with others,\" police said. The duo will be produced before an Anekal court on Tuesday.CHILD ABUSERS ON THE PROWL Girl children aren't safe in Bangalore. More so on the city's outskirts where vast swathes of unpopulated territory have become havens for anti-social elements. That people from economically weaker sections reside in these areas and in most cases both parents go to work, leave little girls vulnerable to sexual assaults.On June 17 night, a seven-year-old girl was raped and murdered allegedly by a 28-yearold man at Nellurahalli, near Whitefield, late on Saturday. The accused had gone to their house once with the victim's father. When the entire village was busy with a local deity's temple inauguration, he took the child on the pretext of buying her a biscuit, raped her and threw the unconscious child into a lake. Children from economically weaker sections have no protection against sexual abuse, said Vasudeva Sharma, member, Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396194", "title": "Std IX Hindi textbook rear cover has wrong photo", "text": "MUMBAI: Just as talk about the delay in printing textbooks for class IX students died down, the state board has been dragged into a new controversy. On the rear glossy cover of the Hindi (first language) textbook, the photograph of Hindi literary pundit Sharad Joshi has been mistakenly replaced by a picture of the Shetkari Sanghatana leader with the same name.This has given way to a new discussion by educationists on the lax attitude on the part of Kumarbharati (Balbharati) of the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, which has printed lakhs of books with the mistake. \"Someone blindly downloaded a photograph of Sharad Joshi from the internet,\" said state board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav. There are 20 photographs of Hindi writers and poets, including Premchand, Harivansh Rai Bachchan and Sumitranandan Pant on the cover.This year, the class IX syllabus for the three languages-English Hindi and Marathi-were upgraded and new textbooks were not available in the market even after schools had commenced. \"The picture is only used on the cover, so there should be no problem for students. However, we have made changes to the textbook and reprinted them so students who want to exchange their books can do so,\" added Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14396093", "title": "President-hopeful Sangma not allowed to meet Jagan", "text": "HYDERABAD: NDA presidential poll candidate PA Sangma on Monday could not get past the gates of the Central Prison at Chanchalguda where he had gone to seek the support of YSR Congress chief and Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy imprisoned there in the illegal assets case being probed by the CBI.Arriving at around 8.30am, Sangma stood in front of the jail gate for more than 10 minutes before being informed that he could not meet Jagan. When a determined Sangma stood his ground, he was told that he would have to call after 11am to find out. A miffed Sangma left in a huff and did not return to try his luck. Instead, he went and met Jagan's mother Vijayamma at her Lotus Pond residence and sought her party's support.\"I had a very very fruitful discussion. I appealed to them to support my candidature. They assured me that they would be calling the party office bearers meeting and the final decision would be taken soon,\" he told reporters. The former Lok Sabha speaker, however, accused the government of preventing him from meeting Jagan. \"We explained to the jail authorities that it was not a political visit. The two families have known each other for 20-25 years. The Late YSR was my close friend, so it was just a courtesy call. To dub it a political visit was an afterthought by the authorities and the jailer must have been directed by the state and Union government not to allow me.\"Sangma also referred to MIM MP Asaduddin Owaisi meeting Jagan earlier in the jail. \"He came out after the meeting and announced that he had requested Jagan to vote for UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee. If Owaisi can go and talk politics, I do not see any reason why P A Sangma cannot,\" he said.But prison authorities said a specific time could not be given to Sangma as the Kadapa MP was scheduled to have a video-conference with the CBI judge any time between 11am and 2pm. \"Also, according to the jail manual, political issues cannot be discussed at mulaqats. Sangma was definitely on a political visit. In any case, he could have been allowed as a friend to meet him. But he did not come back,\" an official said.Moreover, Sangma appears to have landed at the jail gates straight from the airport at an early hour - even before prison officials settled down for the day - without informing prison officials in advance.The former Speaker, however, could take consolation in the fact that he was not the only one to return from the jail disappointed. Other politicians, including ex-minister M Marappa and ex-MP Ravindra Naik, spent a long time at the jail expecting they would be allowed to meet Jagan, but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398836", "title": "New traffic plan for Old Delhi station", "text": "NEW DELHI: Buses will no longer pick up and drop passengers outside the Old Delhi Railway Station. In a new traffic plan devised for the congested Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Marg, the taxi lane will now be used for buses. The taxis will instead be parked in the parking lot, which can accommodate up to 300 vehicles.\"It has been decided that buses will pick up and drop passengers inside the station. The lane that was earlier used as a taxi lane will now accommodate buses. It has been noted that up to 15 such bus bays can be accommodated at one time, which is far above the normal number of buses at one time,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg. The trial will be conducted for 15 days, starting this Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14400598", "title": "Stage set to elect new mayor, corporators", "text": "KANPUR: Stage is set for the polling which would be held from 8am to 6pm on June 27. A total of 1,558 candidates are vying for the seats of corporators and 26 for the mayoral seat. Mobile phones would not be allowed within a radius of 100 metres from the polling station.Although Samajwadi and Bahujan Samaj Parties have not fielded their official candidates, however, Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party both are taking the Local Body polls as a virtual do-or-die battle. Performance in the Local Body polls is expected to set the tone for the general elections in 2014.Identity proofs such as driving licence, pan card, ration card, passport, bank passbook, and 10 other ID proofs would be allowed.Nearly 20.1 lakh voters are expected to exercise their right to franchise at 572 polling centres, comprising 1,978 polling booths across 110 wards. As many as 19 companies of PAC and three of RAF, besides 10 quick response teams (QRTs) and 1,000 personnel of civil police and homeguards have been deployed to ensure a free and peaceful polling.Deputy election officer RN Bajpai said voters' slips have been delivered and voters should carry them to the polling station. \"In case they don't have the slips, the voter can collect it at the polling station before voting. No one will be allowed into the polling booth without carrying ID proof or EPIC or voter slip issued by the EC,\" he added.Mayoral candidates of Congress and BJP had inducted party leaders for electioneering. The traditional campaigning methods of leaflets, pamphlets and notices were widely use by candidates and their supporters.District magistrate M P Agarwal said, \"No mobile phones will be allowed within the radius of 100 metres of the polling station. Even polling agent would not be allowed to use mobile phone during voting.\" Meanwhile, the government has also declared 'dry day' on June 27.DIG Amitabh Yash said that extra force would be deployed at the sensitive and highly sensitive polling stations. As many as 37 checking barriers have been erected across the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396428", "title": "Court relief for two Juhu 'rave' party detainees", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons who were detained at the Juhu 'rave' party last month and tested positive for drugs received a reprieve from a sessions judge on Monday. The court sought a reply from the Juhu police to an anticipatory bail application filed by the two men. Their lawyer, Taraq Sayed, had said the police have not specified that they would charge them only for consumption of drugs, and the summons issued to them mentions other sections of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, which are non-bailable in nature.A sessions judge asked the police to file its reply by Wednesday and orally restrained the police from taking any further action. The court expects the police to be more specific.The police had summoned the two-a 27-year-old actor and a 36-year-old corporate executive-\"for further legal action and investigation\" in a case \"registered against them on May 21 under Section 8(C) read with 20, 21, 25, 27 and 29 of the NDPS Act\".The summons dated June 23 sought their presence on June 25. The duo thus rushed to court. Their fear is that if the police do no specify the charge as only of consumption against them, they may even seek their custody on charges of conspiracy or possession citing recovery of 110 gms of cocaine and 64 gms of charas - both drugs whose use and possession are prohibited. If it is a charge of consumption alone under Section 27 of the NDPS Act, the accused would get a chance to seek immunity from prosecution after going in for rehabilitation in a government centre. Both were present in court. The police have not given them the forensic lab analyst's report but only said that their blood and urine tests have tested positive. The reports are usually given when a chargesheet is filed, which may take months.The Juhu police are still awaiting forensic test reports of several party attendees, but have sent summons to the 40-odd persons to remain present at the police station, a few at a time, through the week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14400586", "title": "Patriotic songs to woo voters", "text": "KANPUR: Patriotism remained in the air all throughout the campaigning period. Patriotic songs were played to woo voters. It was reminiscent of Republic Day or Independence Day celebrations. Patriotic songs like 'Ae mere watan ke logon ...', 'Meri desh ki dharti sona uggle, uggle here-moti. ' were heard blaring through loudspeakers.In the past fortnight, the CD and the cassette sellers had good business. The demand for patriotic songs was high. Pamphlets containing patriotic slogans were distributed among the masses.A CD seller in Naveen Market claimed that he had sold over 60 CDs consisting patriotic songs last week. \"I normally do not stock so many CDs of patriotic songs. But due to demand, I had to procure fresh stock to provide it to the candidates. I also dubbed these songs and provided the CDs and cassettes,\" he said.The candidates also got the parody songs made on the tunes of patriotic songs to attract the voters. The parody songs mentioned about the promises made by the candidates to be fulfilled if chosen to power. It also mentioned about the election symbol.A seller of Kidwai Nagar also remained busy in selling the CDs and the cassettes of famous patriotic songs that people usually hear on January 26 or August 15. \"Though I sell CDs comprising devotional and film songs but in the past fortnight I remained busy in selling the CDs of patriotic songs,\" he said.Patriotic speeches were also heard on various nooks and corners of the city.The masses said that playing of patriotic songs was a gimmick to attract people. The fact is that they want the candidates to reach the nagar nigam and work for the development of their areas.\"We wants a person who speaks less and works more\", said Ranvir, a resident of Govind Nagar. He said that political leaders get reminded about patriotism only when elections are there.Smriti, a resident of Shankarcharya Nagar, wants development in the city and not false promises. She warned the said that playing patriotic songs would not come in handy. It is the work that speaks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14395903", "title": "Air India pilots on 48-hour hunger strike", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 300 Air India (AI) pilots went on a 48-hour hunger strike in Mumbai and Delhi on Monday demanding reinstatement of their derecognized union, Indian Pilots Guild (IPG).These pilots would stage the strike for 48 hours in Mumbai and in Delhi.The pilots have been on a work strike since May 8 against the management's decision to send erstwhile Indian Airline pilots for training on the Boeing-787 Dreamliner aircraft., which the AI will induct into its fleet shortly. During the agitation, AI derecognized the IPG and sacked more than 100 pilots.While the deadlock ensued for the 48{+t}{+h} day, the pilots took to hunger strike to urge the management to bring the union back and start talks.\"The prerequisite is that the union be functional and recognized again,. Only then can we engage in further talks,\" said an IPG member. \"The training for the Dreamliner was only an immediate cause. Out career progression had started suffering and hence we had no option but to protest,\" he added. Pilots said that due to skewed training allotments and policies, the pilot ratio per aircraft had been distorted. \"We were 750 pilots with 39 aircraft to fly. Now we are 750 with only 29 to fly. This is because these aircraft have been shared with the other group (erstwhile IC pilots) who are 850 pilots with 78 aircraft for use,\" a senior IPG member said. \"We are not against the other pilots, but the management's decision on Dreamliner training would affect our career progression,\" he added. The pilots camped at the Azad Maidan, shunning food and braving the heat even when the minister of civil aviation said that the hunger strike would be \"good for their health.\"As per AI estimates, the airline has lost Rs 500 crores in the last 48 hours. as it has been filling only 1,000 seats instead of 4,000 seats per day. Of the 20 Boeing 777, 14 are grounded at Delhi airport due to the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397439", "title": "Mantralaya fire: Data from burnt computers can be retrieved: Expert", "text": "NAGPUR: The Mantralaya inferno last week devoured over 3.5 crore pages in government files. While 2 lakh of these pages were digitized, what is worrying the government is that fire also damaged 2000 computers in which the matter was stored. But there is some hope. A cyber expert, Harold D'Costa, is confident that most of the matter from these burnt computers can be retrieved.D'Costa, CEO of Intelligent Quotient Security System, has been for the last eight years working as trainer and consultant on cyber crimes with Maharashtra and Goa police departments. He has assisted in investigation in more than 2,000 cases of cyber crime.\"Forensically, it is possible to recover data from maligned and corrupt hard disk. Even if platters are destroyed by fire, using MFM (Magnetic Ferrous Microscope) data can be retrieved. Similarly, if the hard disk is submerged in water, data can be recovered. Care should be taken to pick up the hard disks and properly pack them in anti-static bags before they are examined,\" said D'Costa\"Had the Mantralaya established a disaster recovery plan, all the data lost could have been stored on secondary and parallel devices. This would have saved critical data even if hard disks were totally burnt. To avoid such a disaster in future, the secretariat should establish a cold site where data is stored in a server at another far away site in real time,\" the cyber expert suggested. D'Costa has already approached the state home ministry and offered his services to recover the sensitive Mantralaya data.D'Costa has opened an office in the city recently and holds weekly programmes for spreading awareness about cyber crimes. \"India with 13 crore users is the third largest Internet user globally. Being social, we like to chat and share personal messages. Unfortunately, 98% of Indians are not aware that they can become victims of cyber crimes,\" D'Costa lamented. He has worked closely with law enforcing authorities but rues the fact cyber laws in the country and ineffective. \"Lack of will to implement security among the highest level officers in the government and corporate sector has also not helped,\" he says.In Maharashtra alone, daily 40-50 cyber crimes are reported but seldom converted into FIR because of the lack of investigation techniques. It is not just the metros where cyber crimes are reported. There has been staggering growth of cyber crimes in rural parts too, claimed D'Costa.In the recent case of Mumbai University paper leak, technology was used extensively. The question paper was uploaded on social networking website. On receiving the complaint, the law enforcement agencies tracked the question paper and also the email address used to leak the paper. The server on which the paper was uploaded was found and the persons involved were caught.In another interesting case, a $80-million resort in Goa received an e-mail from the MD's account who had died five months before. It stated that the MD was unhappy and pointed to five key persons in the organization for the debacle of the organization. The email was marked to 15-20 persons within and outside the organization. It created a furore among the employees. A complaint was registered.\"I was asked to track the source of the mail. On analysis, I found the email was sent through a server in Canada. It was a hoax mail just to create uncertainty in the organization. An e-mail can be sent from anybody's e-mail ID by just knowing the email ID without the password. These e-mails are then sent just to show it is coming from original person. This is termed as \"spoofing\" and is used extensively by criminals in serious crimes,\" D'Costa explained adding that it could be easily detected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396356", "title": "Trial against boy in teacher killing quashed", "text": "CHENNAI: Holding that none of the Juvenile Justice Boards in Tamil Nadu has been properly constituted, the Madras high court has quashed the trial against a schoolboy charged with murdering his teacher inside a classroom.Uma Maheshwari was allegedly stabbed to death by a Class X student at a school in Chennai on February 9. The trial in the sensational case commenced before an in-charge magistrate after a chargesheet was filed on May 17. The boy's father moved the high court saying the trial was not being held as per rules. Justice Aruna Jagadeesan of the vacation bench stayed the trial on May 31.On Thursday, Justice S Nagamuthu passed final orders in the case. Noticing several irregularities and illegalities committed both by the government and the in-charge magistrate who conducted the trial, the judge quashed the entire proceedings held between May 17 and 31, \"erasing\" the statements recorded by the board so far.After going through relevant records and a government order issued on May 3 forming Juvenile Justice Boards (JJB) in the state, the judge said: \"A perusal of the records unfortunately reveals that there has been no proper appointment of designated principal magistrate to the board at all...This government order does not satisfy the legal requirements of Section 4 of the Juvenile Justice (care and protection) Act, 2000.\"The in-charge magistrate can discharge only magisterial functions and not JJB responsibilities, the judge said, adding that it was desirable to have an exclusive, individual magistrate to head the JJB rather than posting an ex officio magistrate. \"The entire proceedings like taking cognizance, questioning the juvenile accused in respect of accusations and the examination of the witnesses are all wholly without jurisdiction,\" Justice Nagamuthu said.Holding that the summary proceedings held by the in-charge magistrate was illegal, the judge further pointed out that a serious lapse had been committed by the magistrate by holding the trial at her chambers instead of the JJB premises, which offers the mandatory child-friendly atmosphere.Pointing out that Section 9 of the Act totally prohibits trial sitting of the JJB in court premises, the judge said: \"Curiously, the entire proceedings in this case were conducted only in the chamber of the in-charge magistrate...The proceeding conducted in the chamber of the magistrate cannot be stated to be child-friendly.\"The case was not investigated by the special juvenile police unit, and it did not have a special prosecutor having expertise, special knowledge and skill in child welfare, Justice Nagamuthu said. Quashing the entire trial proceedings in the murder case so far, the judge then directed law journals and the Press to identify the juvenile by name Idukkan to protect his identity. Now, the trial will commence afresh before a JJB set up as per the JJ Act by appointing a judge exclusively for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14400594", "title": "Now, online tickets to Bannerghatta, Bangalore and Bandipur tiger reserves", "text": "MYSORE: Visitors to Bannerghatta National Park, Bangalore, and Bandipur tiger reserve can now book tickets online. The e-ticket facility will be launched at the BNP which will allow visitors to buy tickets to visit the facility which has a zoo, a museum and butterfly park. The e-ticket for Bandipur will allow visitors to book for accommodation and safaris too. The Zoo Authority of Karnataka, which on Monday introduced the e-ticket facility at the Zoo, said it is extending it to BNP.ZAK chairman M Nanjundaswamy said, \"The Mysore Zoo is the first conservation centre in India to allow online booking of tickets.\" The BNP is attached to the ZAK. The idea is to save time standing in serpentine queues. Tourists can purchase the e-tickets at the zoo's official website www.mysorezoo.info. Rates are different for adults, children and foreign tourists. The e-ticket will be valid for seven days from the date of purchase and the holders will get a separate entry point to the zoo. \"This is convenient for the visitors and also saves paper for us,\" Nanjundaswamy explained. ZAK is also planning to tie-up with the Mysore Palace Board to allow visitors to purchase a single ticket that allows entry to the Palace and zoo.The zoo will charge Rs 10 per transaction. Those who book online must show an ID proof. As of now, the visitor has to take a printout of the e-ticket and present it at the gate.The zoo is planning to make it paperless soon by sending the ticket to the mobile or iPad.Payments are processed on a secure server and no personal data is collected and stored on any servers as a precautionary measure.Both credit and debit cards can be used and all leading payments processing systems such as VISA and MasterCard are accepted. Along with e-tickets, visitors can pre-order battery-operated vehicles for tours inside the Zoo, pay for usage of still and video cameras, book luggage racks and pay for parking which is on a first-come, first-serve basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396536", "title": "Elderly members feel vindicated", "text": "MUMBAI: Most gymkhanas in the city have designated space for playing cards where elderly members gather every evening for a game of bridge or rummy. But members of Andheri gymkhana were labelled gamblers and arrested for indulging in their pastime.Monday evening, hours after the court verdict arrived in their favour, the litigants assembled in the very card room. \"On the night of August 10 last year, officials from the Andheri police station, accompanied by TV reporters, raided the gymkhana. They bundled the card players, mostly senior citizens, into a police van and took us to the station house. We were kept in the lock-up overnight on charges of being involved in a gambling racket and allowed to go home only around 6.00am,\" says general secretary Jaywant Balkrishna Sail.The members included two elderly women in their 70s, one an arthritic Parsi who began weeping out of fright, and the other a widow. Many of the arrested were senior citizens aged up to 78, including a retired tehsildar Vijay Narayan Gandhi. \"I have undergone two bypass surgeries, while my friends are diabetic. We were held without food or medication,\" said Gandhi. Three of the members were, however, allowed to go home and their names not included in the FIR. Treasurer Sanjeev Savant said the police acted on a tip-off and did not verify the complaint before making arrests. \"They did not bargain for the fact that senior citizens would haul them over the coals,\" he said.The committee filed a case in the Bombay high court in March, seeking quashing of the FIR and compensation to the tune of Rs 1 lakh each. Subsequently, Sail filed an RTI application seeking to know how many gymkhanas in the city had been raided, particularly their card rooms. \"The answer was nil. And ours is among the most modest gymkhanas. We charge merely Rs 12,000 for life membership,\" he said. The women are, however, unwilling to focus attention on the Rs 25,000 award from the court until the payment is actually made.Senior inspector Pradeep Gosavi of Andheri police station did not respond to requests for a comment.Times ViewThis is what happens when a corrupt government agency, in this case the police, is given unbridled powers to interfere in citizens' private lives. The point here is whether an agency, which is largely seen to be corrupt and which has dozens of officers embroiled in cases of corruption every year, can determine for citizens what is moral and what is immoral and set the parameters of correct social behaviour. Mumbai Police would do well to set its house in order; there are too many skeletons in its cupboard, much more than what one expects of a law-keeping agency. Stick to giving us safe streets, safe neighbourhoods; make life difficult for criminals. Mumbai's citizens can take care of their personal life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398455", "title": "Parents of missing kids, activists rounded up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 100 parents of missing kids and social activists were rounded up by city police on Monday. They were trying to hold a rally from the city to Gandhinagar to meet the chief minister regarding the issue and inaction by various agencies. The group was taken to the city police headquarters where they were detained for the day and were released in the evening.According to the activists, they had written a letter to the chief minister seeking a meeting with him to discuss the measures taken by police. When they didn't receive a reply, they decided to take out a rally.Activists said that the struggle would continue and they would try to meet the CM again. The areas near the residences of the missing kids such as Ranip and Anandnagar observed bandh in support of the movement.City police officials, however, said that adequate actions had been taken to search all the missing kids. \"We have formed teams and have also involved agencies such as crime branch. It is unfortunate that the kids have still not been traced. We have also invited activists to discuss the issue, but so far they have not approached us,\" said Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401104", "title": "Man arrested for raping minor", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch arrested 21-year-old man who allegedly raped a 9-year-old girl at Andheri (west) recently. The accused, Venkatesh Bendar's custody handed over to D N nagar police for further investigation. The police produced Bendar before a local court and he has been remanded in to police custody.The victim lived at Gilbert Hill along with her parents. On June 17, her parents went on work and victim was alone in the house. Bendar, a tempo driver, barged in the room and raped the victim after threatening her for dire consequences.The accused left out of state to attend a client after the incident. A day after the incident the victim told her mother about it. The mother discussed the issue with her husband and the parents approached the police for help. The accused and victim are neighbours.The crime branch was conducting parallel investigation in the case. The officers learnt that Bendar was returning Mumbai on Saturday and they managed to nab him after his arrival in the city.The accused allegedly raped the victim on earlier occasions also but out of fear the victim didn't tell her parents about it. The police said that they are waiting for victim's medical report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396919", "title": "BJP takes hard line to gain lost ground in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: After being washed out in the UP assembly elections three months back, the Bharatiya Janata Party MP from Gorakhpur Yogi Adityanath and young MP from Pilibhit Varun Gandhi , the two known hardliners within the party, are out on tour for addressing public meetings in support of party's candidates in the local bodies elections. Not a big development, keeping in mind the long list of stalwarts in the state unit itself, but seems to be a significant shift of focus from moderate to hardliners within the party?Knowing that 2014 Lok Sabha election could be the last chance for the party to come back to power, BJP is strategically shifting its reliance on the hardliner cadre, which enjoys the blessings of the Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh leaders.Political pundits believe that the enforcement of the strategy actually started in 2009 when RSS-backed Nitin Gadkari replaced Rajnath Singh as the national president after NDA's defeat for the second consecutive term.The return of firebrand leader and former chief minister of Madhya Pradesh Uma Bharti into party fold also strengthens the shift towards hardliners. Bharti came back to party fold after a hiatus of around five years, and was introduced in UP politics at the national level by none other than party's national president Nitin Gadkari. She was given party ticket from Mahoba's Charkhari assembly seat, from where she won by a huge margin of 25,000 votes in her maiden contest from the state. Not only this, 'drawing room politicians' of the party were also asked by the central leadership to contest elections, though most of them failed to add to the party's tally. As a result, the party's tally declined from 51 seats in 2007 to 47 seats in 2012.The poll debacle also saw the then state president of the party Surya Pratap Shahi giving way to MLA from Meerut and yet another hardliner Laxmikant Vajpayee.Varun had addressed public meetings in Meerut on June 18 and would be addressing public meetings in Aligarh on June 25, confirmed party's state spokesperson Vijay Pathak and added similarly, BJP MP Yogi Adityanath will be addressing two meetings in support of candidates in Maharajganj on June 25, three public meetings in Siddharthnagar on June 28 and a public meeting in Padrauna on July 1.Though BJP leaders are not willing to commit anything on record, but said changes are clear and visible.The strategic focus shift no wonder is most evident in the politically most volatile state of Uttar Pradesh, the winds of change have started blowing at the national level also especially name of Narendra Modi as the NDA's prime ministerial candidate for 2014 Lok Sabha elections created ripples. Most vocal of resentment came from expected allied partner -- JD (U) senior leader and Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar , who categorically said that prime ministerial candidate of the NDA should have secular credentials -- an indirect attack on Modi.At central level, talking about changes would be too early, but if fast developments in UP are taken as case study, the changes are on cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14399770", "title": "Koothuparamba firing: HC quashes murder charges against officials", "text": "KOCHI: Murder charges framed against deputy collector T T Antony, IPS officer Ravada Chandrasekhar and four other police officials following the Koothuparamba police firing were quashed by the Kerala high court on Monday.Justice B P Ray ordered to quash the charges against them, ruling that necessary government sanction for prosecuting public officials was not obtained in the case.The police firing on November 25, 1994, had resulted in the death of five DYFI activists and caused injury to six more. Police opened fire on the DYFI activists who blocked CMP leader M V Raghavan, who was the minister for cooperation and ports, in protest against granting government quota seats to the management. Allowing petitions by the officers, the court ruled that action against Ravada Chandrasekhar could not be continued as he was transferred to the place from Hyderabad only a day ago and didn't know the local language. Proceedings against others could be continued after obtaining the sanction of the government, the court held.Those who were facing criminal proceedings included the then sub-divisional magistrate Antony, DySP Abdul Hakkim Bathery, and constables P K Lukose, Sivadasan and Balachandran. They were charged with murder, attempted murder and conspiracy by a magistrate court based on a private complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14397649", "title": "Rotary traffic on Barve chowk suspended after opposition", "text": "PUNE: The rotary traffic plan at the S G Barve chowk (Modern Cafe chowk) on JM Road has been suspended temporarily. The decision was taken on Monday after a meeting between officials of the traffic branch and the Pune Municipal Corporation.The rotary traffic plan was implemented on a trial basis on June 16 to prevent traffic congestion once the PMC starts work on a subway at the S G Barve chowk. Traffic officials on Monday said the subway work is yet to begin and that some changes need to be made in the present rotary traffic plan for smooth implementation. Accordingly, a decision has been taken to withdraw the rotary traffic plan. While several road users had complained that the rotary traffic plan was inconvenient, bus commuters groups too had said they were facing severe hardships due to diversion of buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14400593", "title": "Karnail Gill \u2014A gem of folk singing world", "text": "LUDHIANA: No folk festival in Punjab was complete without Karnail Gill's melodious singing. The man behind songs like \"Lambran da munda boli hor bolda\" left the city in mourning when he succumbed to bone cancer on Sunday. He had been suffering from the disease for the last four months.Reacting to the death, the head of Punjabi Sahit Akademi, Gurbhajan Singh Gill, said \"Karnail will never die in our hearts and his voice will always rule the minds of Punjabis. He was a gem of Punjabi folk singing.\" Renowned lyrist Hardev Dilgeer, popular as Dev Tharikeyawala, said Karnail's demise was a big loss to the Punjabi music industry. \"I remember writing the lyrics for his first song,\" he added.Another renowned lyrist, Shamsher Sandhu, said Karnail was the master of musical octave and harmonium. \"Apart from singing, he worked in theatre and performed in the popular play, \"Chaleda\" under Harcharan Grewal in different villages of Punjab,\" Sandhu added.The 71-year-old singer belonged to Gurusar village of Lyallpur district (now in Pakistan). His family later migrated to Jamalpur Awana village of Ludhiana, where Gill became a disciple of the renowned singer, Harcharan Grewal.After Grewal, Karnail picked up singing skills from Jaswant Bhanwara, Shaukeen Jatt and Master Beer Chand. In 1964, he recorded his first song, \"Ladooan ne tu pat ti tere tor pate patwari\", which was written by Dev Tharikewala.As Karnail's career graph improved, he sang many memorable duets with singers like Surinder Kaur, Narinder Bala, Gulshan Komal, Swaran Lata, Kuldeep Kaur, Biba Harneet, Sukhwant Sukhi and Parminder Sandhu. Many popular compositions included \"Sath vich lagiye kacheri\", \"Gal chete aaundi rehndi ae\" and \"Teeya vangu lange ne din mitra\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398115", "title": "Western Ahmedabad's 50 percent traffic lights defunct", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the city is already infamous for lack of traffic sense, several spots in Ahmedabad are becoming commuters' nightmare, partly due to non-functional traffic signals that keep a leash on the unruly drivers.The city traffic branch officials revealed that half of the 52 traffic signals in the western city parts are not functioning due to various reasons. On such spots, deployment of more than two personnel has become the norm, affecting the already short-staffed traffic police force.\"Traffic signals not only serve the purpose of keeping the traffic flow in check, but also ensure that there would be no traffic jam on important junctions. With introduction of various flyovers and BRTS, the signals have become more important to be in sync with the infrastructure. While the citizens don't follow the signals when the men in white are not around, the crossroads without signals witness daily mayhem during peak hours and late in the night when the cops are not on duty,\" said a senior traffic police official.The officials have pointed out various important junctions such as Vadaj, Mahalaxmi crossroads, Vasna, Vishala circle, Thaltej, Akhbarnagar and Ambawadi where there are either defunct signals or no signals at all.\"In most of the places, it is mechanical fault caused by lack of maintenance or up-gradation. The situation , however, has slightly improved with high-powered traffic committee comprising members of both traffic police and officials from Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ). Through fortnightly meetings, we've been able to chalk out the plan for future traffic signals,\" said Siddharth Khatri, deputy commissioner of police (traffic).Officials said that even at the working signals, they need at least two traffic policemen and two Home Guards jawans to man the traffic. \"In absence of signals, the number becomes double. Both eastern and western city parts have several trouble spots where we have to constantly keep the staff on duty to prevent traffic jams. Several new locations have also been identified by the committee for installation of new signals but for that, we first will need more manpower. After induction of 600 constables that have been announced by the DGP last month, the 1200-strong traffic branch is sure to get a shot in the arm,\" said a senior traffic police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14395000", "title": "BCCI rejects ICC's recommendation on DRS", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an action replay of last year's recommendation by its cricket committee, the International Cricket Council's chief executive's committee has pitched for mandatory use of the Decision Review System (DRS) following an \"independent assessment\" of the available technologies.The recommendation was made to the ICC's executive board following a meeting of chief executives in Kuala Lumpur as part of the world body's annual conference.Like last year it was immediately rejected by the BCCI, which continues to remain the biggest critic of the DRS.A BCCI release said: \"The BCCI continues to believe that the system is not foolproof. It also sticks to its view that the decision on whether or not to use the DRS for a series should be left to the boards involved.\"The BCCI's stand may be debatable but apart from upholding the accuracy of available technologies through tests conducted by Dr Ed Rosten, a Cambridge University expert in computer-vision technology, the ICC has not introduced anything remarkably new.The modalities of footing the minimum bill of $10,000 per day - which the use of ball-tracking technologies and the Hotspot will entail - have still not been worked out. Questions are also being raised about whether the ICC introduced these technologies without independent assessment in the first place.The executive board will meet over the next two days to take a call on the recommendations, which continues to allow two appeals per innings in a Test match and one appeal per ODI. The use of two Hotspot cameras - the use had been made mandatory last June but removed in October - has been made compulsory again along with ball-tracking technology, with the rider that the use of DRS will be \"subject to the members' ability to finance and obtain the technology\".An ICC statement said the CEC \"recommended to the board the universal application of the DRS after being satisfied with technology enhancements and independent research on ball tracking\". The CEC also recommended a minor amendment to the LBW protocols whereby the \"margin of uncertainty regarding the point of impact with the batsman should be the same as that provided for the point of impact with the stumps\".Other recommendationsApart from the mandatory use of DRS, the ICC CEC meeting threw up a number other recommendations...BPL pulled up: The Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) should submit a detailed report on allegations of rampant corruption in the Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) and both the BCB and Sri Lanka boards should implement domestic anti-corruption codes.New Powerplay rules: Powerplays in ODIs should be restricted to the first block of 10 overs and a Batting Powerplay of 5 overs should be completed before the 41st over. A maximum of 4 fielders should be allowed outside the 30-yard circle in the non-Powerplay overs. The number of permitted short-pitched balls per over increased to two.Day-night Tests: The CEC supported the idea of day-night Tests subject to the approval of both parties and the availability of a suitable ball. Both Test and ODI cricket should work for \"extra context\" given the rising popularity of T20.Six-match T20 series: The CEC recommended that the PCB's recommendation for a six-match T20 series against Australia in the UAE in August be cleared although it is against the ICC diktat of a maximum of 3 T20 Internationals per series. The extreme day-time heat of the UAE was cited as a reason why a 3 ODI-3T20 series be converted into a six-match T20 encounter instead.Times ViewThe Indian board is being needlessly obstinate in its opposition to the use of the decision review system in international matches. Its point that the technology currently being used is far from perfect is valid. However, to jump from that to saying we should therefore not use the available technology is illogical. Any technology will evolve and get better over time. But to insist on waiting for the moment of perfection before using it is to make the best the enemy of the good. If today's technology can at least get rid of some of the umpiring howlers we see in series without a review system, isn't that better than having no review at all? Most people would say it is and we agree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14405158", "title": "University of Southern California to have Chair of Hindu Studies", "text": "AMRITSAR: The University of Southern California (USC) in Los Angeles (USA) was creating its first Chair of Hindu Studies, informed President of Universal Society of Hinduism, Rajan Zed from Nevada (USA) on Tuesday. He said that Dharma Civilization Foundation had gifted $3.24 million for the creation of Chair which would be named as Swami Vivekananda Visiting Faculty in Hindu studies and the Dharma Civilization Foundation Chair in Hindu Studies.Over 1,800 Indian students are currently enrolled at USC. While welcoming the establishment of Hindu Studies Chair, Rajan said \"it is important to pass on Hindu spirituality, concepts and traditions to coming generations amidst so many distractions in the consumerist society\".He hoped that this Chair would focus in this direction. He also urged other major universities of the world to establish chairs in Hindu studies to explore and disseminate the rich philosophical thought that Hinduism, oldest and third largest religion of the world with about one billion adherents, offered.Launched in 1880 with 53 students; USC now had about 38,000 students, over 240,000 living alumni, informed he while adding that the university boasts of three Nobel Laureates and many prominent alumni including actor John Wayne and first-man-on-the-moon Neil Armstrong .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14398957", "title": "Lack of blood supply stalls surgeries in city", "text": "KOLKATA: Money isn't enough to get a person treated on time. Unavailability of blood at the blood banks in town has added to the woes of an 18-year-old Mograhat resident. Pratima Sardar was supposed to have a lung surgery last Wednesday, but it got postponed as her family failed to procure three units of blood.\"We had managed to collect three donor cards from a local club. But even that didn't help,\" said one of Pratima's relative who was found running from one counter to another at the Central Blood Bank at Manicktala.The plight was no less for Dilip Sarkar. The 47-year-old was supposed to undergo a prostrate operation at RG Kar Medical College and Hospital but had to be taken back home. Despite doing rounds of the Central Blood Bank for more than a week, the family is yet to get the blood units for the operation.Dilip Ghosh (47) was to undergo a prostrate operation at the RG Kar Medical College and Hospital a week ago. But the patient from Habra had to leave the hospital without the surgery. Doctors had asked the family to arrange three units of O positive blood for the operation. Despite doing rounds of the Central Blood Bank at Manicktala for more than a week, the family is yet to get the blood units for the operation.An acute blood crisis has hit blood banks across the city. As a result, patients who have to undergo surgery or regular blood transfusion are in trouble. While officials at the various blood banks said that lesser number of blood donation camps during summer was responsible for the drying up of banks, many others said it was the nexus between touts and blood bank operators that has given way to this crisis.\"Few days back I had gone to the blood bank at BN Bose Hospital in Barrackpore to get two units of A(-) blood for my aunt. Though the blood bank regretted, a tout approached me saying that he could get the blood units if I was ready to part with a huge amount. I refused the offer and came to Central Blood Bank only to be turned away saying that A(-) blood was not available,\" Said Raj Kumar Dutta of Naihati. Their families are having a harrowing time doing rounds of blood banks everyday only to come back empty handed.\"Doctors at RG Kar Medical College and Hospital had given the date for my uncle's operation about seven days ago. But we could not arrange the blood. We had to take him back home after the hospital refused to keep him for so many days. We are desperate to get the blood so that we can take him back to the hospital for the surgery,\" said Dilip Ghosh's nephew.Pratima Sardar's (18) lung surgery at Medical College and Hospital Kolkata was scheduled last Wednesday. But the Mograhat girl's agony could only get longer as her family is yet to get the three units of blood for the surgery.\"We had managed to collect three donor cards from a local club. But that too has not been of any help,\" said one of Pratima's relative who was found running from one counter to another at the Central Blood Bank.Facts, however, speak differently. Officials at the blood bank cited lesser number of blood donation camps during summer for the drying up of the bank.Government should look into this so that a part of the shortage can be made up,\" said D Ashish, general secretary of Medical Bank.A nexus between touts and blood bank operators too have been reported by many.\"Few days back I had gone to the blood bank at BN Bose Hospital in Barrackpore to get two units of A negative blood for my aunt. Even as the blood bank regretted, a tout approached me saying that he could get the blood units if I was ready to part with a huge amount. I refused the offer and came to Central Blood Bank only to be turned away saying that A negative blood was not available.\" Said Raj Kumar Dutta of Naihati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396307", "title": "Monsoon delayed by a week in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: For farmers waiting for the monsoon to hit the state, the wait is going to get longer. According to the Met department, the southwest monsoon's arrival will be delayed in Rajasthan by almost a week.The sudden upper air cyclonic circulation at the Bay of Bengal has deviated the monsoon, and now it is expected to hit the state around July 1 as against the earlier prediction of June 26.\"Earlier, it was expected to enter the southern Rajasthan by June 26. But it seems that it will take another week for the monsoon to enter through Kota, Baran and Jhalawar,\" said a Met official.Jaipurites will have to wait for nearly a fortnight to experience the first showers.\"It is difficult to predict when it will enter Jaipur. Usually, the monsoon hits Jaipur by July 1 but this time it appears it's not going to be before July 8,\" the official said.Besides, reports have suggested a dip of 5-10% in the average rainfall this year.Hot and humid conditions prevailed across the state with Churu recording a maximum temperature of 43.2 degrees Celsius.Among other districts, Sriganganagar recorded a maximum temperature of 41.4 degrees, Kota 41.1, Jaisalmer and Jaipur 40 degrees, Barmer 39.4 and Jodhpur 38.4 degrees Celsius.In Jaipur, parents of school-going children met collector Naveen Mahajan and urged him to review the decision to reopen schools amid blistering heat.Met office said that the ongoing spell of dry weather will continue in the state for the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395412", "title": "Vulnerable children survey yet to commence", "text": "BHOPAL: Perhaps, the vulnerable children don't seem to be on the priority list of the state government. A month and a half after its announcement of carrying out a survey of such children, the women and child development department (WCD) is yet to take it off.On May 1, TOI had carried a story on the first of its kind of initiative whereby a survey would categorise children as per the Juvenile Justice Act. The department was also scheduled to conduct an exercise for resource mapping of the services available for children in the district.But till date the survey has not taken off. Even the training of the Anganwadi workers who are expected to conduct the survey has not started. In some of the projects, questionnaires for the survey were received on Monday. All this, when the stipulated date of completion was June 30.District woman and child development officer (DWCO), Naqi Jahan Qureshi talking to TOI said, \"The survey format has been finalised. The forms have been distributed around a week back. The training of the Anganwadi workers has been completed. Also the consent of NGOs for conducting the survey free of cost has been received. It would take another fortnight to complete the survey.\"However, another official of the department seems to contradict her.One of the child development project officers (CDPOs) Alok Shrivastava said, \"The forms were received today. The Anganwadi workers are yet to be trained. No new order for the commencement of the survey has been issued.\"Another CDPO Anurag Joshi said, \"One training session for Anganwadi workers was held. Forms have been received. The survey should commence by the first week of July. No new orders though have been received.\"The survey has been fraught with problems from the very start. Initially there were about 25 NGOs of the city who were to carry out the survey for a nominal charge of Rs 7 per form. After approval by the DWCO it was sent to the Collector Bhopal for approval who turned it down, according to sources.On condition of anonymity one of the coordinators of an NGO said, \"How could we carry out such an extensive survey for free\".At the training seminar conducted at Academy of Administration some time ago, the NGOs when told of the voluntary service, backtracked. Then it was decided to involve anganwadi workers.\"Now around 10 NGOs have consented to conduct the survey free of cost. Among them are Bachpan and Pragati Chetana Manch,\" said DWCO Qureshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398827", "title": "Court lets off man in molestation case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has let off a man, convicted for molesting a woman, on probation on the condition that he would maintain \"good behaviour\" and prove to be a \"better asset\" for the society in future.The court held the man guilty of the offence after he accepted the charge of assaulting and using force with an intent to outrage the modesty of a woman around six years ago. The court released him on probation for a period of one year on his plea for leniency on the ground that he is a first-time convict and and has a family to support.\"I am of the view that the convict herein must have learnt from his past mistakes and wants to join the society to display good behaviour and be a better asset for the society as a whole,\" metropolitan magistrate Rachna T Lakhanpal noted.\"In the interest of justice and expediency, the convict be released on probation of good behaviour for a period of one year whereby he shall be required to keep peace and be of good behaviour,\" the court said. It directed the youth to submit a sum of Rs 20,000 as probation bond for a period of one year and asked him not to leave Delhi without its permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397220", "title": "Cow injured in hit and run mishap dies", "text": "NAGPUR: In spite of efforts by some Good Samaritans , a cow injured in a hit and run accident on Sunday night succumbed to its injuries Monday morning. It was injured near Zero Mile by an unidentified vehicle. The vehicle left the scene leaving the bleeding cow at the mercy of fate.Anand Chandrani saw the injured cow while returning from a wedding ceremony and tried to call some organizations for help but most of them seemed unable to help immediately. \"Some of us went to the veterinary hospital near Maharjbagh where the watchman was not cooperating. Finally, we came back to Zero Mile and decided that the only option was taking the animal to Teaching Veterinary Clinical Complex (TVCC), Seminary Hills. By that time I had informed Kaustav Chatterjee of Green Vigil who called back to say he was on his way,\" said Chandrani.\"When I reached TVCC there was no one there. As there was a hostel, we concluded that the post graduation students might be able to provide some help. We approached them and they readily agreed,\" said Chatterjee. The cow was kept in the OPD section and after some time it began to show signs of healing. It ate fodder and drank water given to it and looked like being on path to recovery.Dr MG Thorat of TVCC, however, said that when he checked on the cow in the morning it had died. He also said that the animal had probably died of shock and internal bleeding. The main problem was lack of emergency veterinary services and the lack of knowledge on the steps to be taken in such situation.\"When people are injured, they get medical assistance immediately, but when it is an animal, people are so casual. Isn't the animal's life important? From people to organizations to doctors, most had a very lax attitude which was disturbing,\" said Chandrani.Dr Thorat informed that in case of emergencies, people can ask the watchman to call the doctors. \"In the night normally there is nobody, but surely people can ask the guard to call the hospital superintendent,\" he said. The rescuers alleged that the watchmen were uncooperative and that after the whole affair they were in such a situation where they were almost made to feel the futility of their efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401109", "title": "Three-day-old baby found in bin", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-day-old baby girl was found in a garbage bin on the highway near Mankhurd in Trombay on Sunday. Clean-up marshals discovered her around 2pm, wrapped in cloth and in a plastic bag, when they were clearing garbage piled on the highway , the Trombay police said.The marshals, who found the baby crying, took her to assistant commissioner of police (Trombay) Deedhar Singh's office opposite the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre , around 2.15pm. The control room was contacted and medical assistance was provided to the baby. The baby has been admitted to Sion hospital ,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone VI) Manoj Lohiya. He said an investigation team will gather information from hospitals in the eastern suburbs for clues on the parents. \"We are getting details of pregnant women under medical examination in clinics and hospitals in Chembur and the neighbourhood,\" he said.Sion hospital's professor and head of neonatology Dr Jayashree Mondkar said the baby did not have injuries and was in the transitional care unit. \"She has a slight swelling on her forehead, but it could be related to her birth. Thankfully , the baby was not smothered . She is being fed from the milk bank,\" said Mondkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14400269", "title": "Missing youth\u2019s skeleton recovered from jungle", "text": "KANPUR: The Billhaur police recovered the skeleton of a teenager identified as Sutan, son of Hetram of Khujraiya Newada from the jungles of Madara Rai Guman.Sutan was missing, after he left his house, on June 5. His family members lodged a complaint with the Billhaur police on June 8. Police had quizzed Sutan's friends in this connection.The family members identified the skeleton with the help of clothes and slippers. The skeleton would be sent for forensic test for confirmation.No arrests have been made.Head, thigh bones and pelvis were recovered from the jungles. It seems that the body had been eaten up by wild animals.Bodies foundThe police recovered the body of an unidentified man near Guru Deo Palace crossing in Kalyanpur on Monday. The police are trying to ascertain the identity of the man. Elsewhere, the body of an unidentified woman was recovered from Yashodanagar bypass. The Naubasta police rushed to the spot and launched an investigation.Two unidentified bodies of men were recovered from separate spots, under the jurisdiction of Nazirabad police, on Monday.SuicideA 21-year-old youth committed suicide by hanging himself. Ashish Kumar was a resident of Dabhauli in Govindnagar. The police later sent the body for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396590", "title": "Follow rules, update records: Central Zoo Authority to Amar Circus", "text": "NAGPUR: A high-level committee of Central Zoo Authority (CZA) on Monday directed the Amar Circus owner to maintain records and follow prescribed rules while running the circus.The eight-member committee was in the city following a complaint by PFA leader from Haryana Naresh Kadyan that blind hippopotamus was being used in shows.The panel comprised Dr BK Gupta, evaluation and monitoring officer of CZA, Kartick Sathyanarayan of Wildlife SOS, Suparna Baksi-Ganguly of Wildlife Rescue and Rehabilitation Centre (WRRC), subdivisional officer (SDO) Prakash Patil, deputy conservator of forests PK Mahajan, Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) member SN Kapoor, wildlife vet Dr AB Shrivastav, Jabalpur, and PFA's Wardha in-charge Ashish Goswami.The committee arrived at the Kasturchand Park, the circus venue, around 10am and was there till 12.30pm. The members expressed displeasure over absence of records and ownership certificates of some performing animals. They found mismatch in animal records.Gupta said that there were three elephants with the circus but only one female Padma is alive. \"We were never informed what happened to the other two elephants,\" he said.Owner of the circus, Chandrakant Gadge, said that when he bought the circus in 2008, there were only two elephants - Mohan and Padma. Mohan died in Chhindwara and Padma is still doing well.\"I don't know about the third elephant,\" Gadge said.The committee also objected to a large number of dogs. There were at least a dozen dogs. One of the females Sonia bred 3 days ago and her 7 puppies lay scattered in the cage. The members asked the manager to stop breeding of dogs and sterilize them. It also wanted DNA test of the birds be done and chips fixed to them for recognition.As one of the panel members, Dr Shrivastav, could not make it in the morning, hippo Amar could not be examined for cataract. The biggest controversy over the circus was that blind hippo was being displayed, which according to Gupta is not allowed under Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960. The hippo is completely blind with left eye and partially blind with right eye.Gupta said that the hippo will have to be removed from display. However, the CZA had no plans to rehabilitate the hippo nor any medication to regain vision of the animal.Speaking to TOI, Gupta said, \"On October 10, 2011 CZA had issued a letter asking the circus to comply with 16 conditions.\" However, Gadge says he did not receive the letter as it was posted on a wrong address.The 16 conditions included arrangement for a regular vet, tranquillizing equipment, health check-up of staff every six months, maintaining inventory of animals, proper cages for birds etc. The members wanted the managers to follow these conditions if the recognition to elephant is renewed. The recognition to Padma will expire on October 2012.This is the second committee to inspect the circus. Earlier, a committee appointed by the AWBI visited the circus on June 9. It had advised the owner to provide ration, vaccination, proper caging, create hygienic conditions and regular deworming of animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14399768", "title": "Munda-Hemant spat delays power project", "text": "RANCHI: The difference of opinion between chief minister Arjun Munda and deputy CM Hemant Soren over allotment of work for construction of power transmission network in the state has resulted in an inordinate delay in execution of the project.While Munda is in-charge of the state energy department, Hemant holds the additional charge of finance department.The project has failed to take off even after it was cleared by state cabinet in January and a memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed between the state energy department and PowerGrid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL) in February.Sources in energy department said the chief minister prevailed over his cabinet colleagues after almost a year's effort in putting an end to the conflict between various departments over allotment of work for construction of power transmission line and the council of ministers approved to nominate PGCIL as consultant.The PGCIL was entrusted with the task to invite companies to construct transmission line network and also supervise the progress and quality.\"The total cost of the project was estimated to be around Rs 1,416 crore. The PGCIL was to get 11 per cent of the project cost as consultancy and supervision charge which comes to around Rs 150 crore. The money was to be given in advance but the file is still with the finance department. Even after four months of signing of MoU, the finance department has not taken any decision on the matter,\" said a source.\"If the file remains with the finance department without clearance for long then the power crisis in the state will continue for another two years because from the date of allotment of work it will take the company to complete the project in at least 20-24 months. At the same time, we will not be able to draw power from the private producers who are coming up with plants in the state in absence of transmission line,\" the source said.State energy secretary Vimal Kirti Singh expressed ignorance about the reason behind the delay in finance department in clearing the file.Officials in the finance department, who didn't want to be named, said the file had been sent to the minister for his consent.\"It is pending with the minister and only he will be able to say anything about it,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396381", "title": "Fresh twist in lecturer's story, in-laws says it's 'concocted'", "text": "JAIPUR: Facing charges of attempt to abduct their 25-year-old daughter-in-law Santra Meena, the in-laws claim she is fooling everyone.Police investigation into the case also strengthens the in-laws' statement.They called her story 'concocted' and denied the allegations levelled by the government lecturer who opposed her childhood marriage to Dinesh Meena who has not even cleared Class 10.The in-laws denied the reports on the diktat issued by the caste panchayat to abduct her and banish her family, which forced Santra and her family to flee their village Manpuria ka Bas in Dausa.Senior police officers too said as per preliminary probe, no caste panchayat was ever organized in the village.Her in-laws instead claimed it was they who provided her financial support to pursue her studies. This has given a fresh twist to the case.Dinesh along with his parents recently met the Dausa police, including superintendent of police S N Khinchi.\"The boy told me that his family gave the girl all the support she needed to pursue her education in the past eight years. He said after getting a government job as a Hindi lecturer the girl now wishes to walk out of the marriage,\" said Khinchi while quoting Dinesh's statement on Monday.The SP also said, \"As per our reports from the village, no such caste panchayat was ever organised.\" Police have recorded the statements of over 50 villagers.The officer said the girl's elder sister Badam Meena is married to Dinesh's elder brother.Meanwhile, maintaining her stance, Santra said, \"The whole village and the police are taking the side of my in-laws. Whatever be the consequences, I am not going to stay with an illiterate man.\"\"It was my father who motivated me to pursue my studies. My in-laws, who work as labourers, can't afford even two square meals a day,\" she claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14398521", "title": "Food and drugs administration goes on hookah parlour lockdown", "text": "PANAJI: The hookah could soon disappear from Goa's shacks and restaurants. The food and drugs administration (FDA) has directed hookah parlours to discontinue the use of hookahs at their premises after FDA food safety officers conducted a drive on such parlours operating along the coastal belt.FDA director Salim Velji told TOI that in the garb of fruit-based hookah products, the parlours are pushing products containing tobacco. He also said that in a recent judgment, the high court of Bombay at Goa directed municipal authorities to ensure that such parlours are not allowed to operate in eateries.\"We have directed these eating places operating hookah parlours to discontinue such activities,\" Velji said adding that the survey would be further intensified by FDA in the coming days.\"FDA has also recommended that the government examine the feasibility of directing all state bodies to issue similar directives in an attempt to ensure that tobacco smoking is not allowed to proliferate in public places,\" Velji added.Food safety officers had raided around 12 food outlets along the coastal belt and drawn three samples of these alleged products used in hookah parlours to test for the presence of nicotine.FDA has also appealed to existing food business operators to register under the new Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, and Rules and Regulation, 2011. The last date for switching over to the new registration system is July 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14399257", "title": "District SMEs face labour crunch", "text": "NASHIK: Small &amp; Medium Enterprises (SMEs) have been facing a shortage of labour the labour shortage problems for the past few months in Nashik district despite industries willing to pay more for manpoweris not easily available in the city even though industries are ready to pay more.There are around 3,000 industries in Satpur and Ambad MIDC. Of these, around 2,700 units belong to micro, small and medium categories which employ contract labourers and temporary workers to a large extent.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Mali , president, Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), said, \"Around 90% industries in Satpur and Ambad MIDC are from the micro and small categories. Labour shortage is one of the major issues SMEs aregrappling with today.The labourers fall under three categories - skilled, semi-skilled and helpers. We are not getting adequate skilled labour even though industries here are ready to pay a higher salary. Today, we require around 40,000 workers. These include 15,000 skilled workers, 15,000 semi-skilled labourers and 10,000 helpers.\"\"Moreover, the situation of industry in the district is not as good this year compared to last year. There industry is slightly facing has been an economic slowdown for the past four- five months. There are orders, but they are not working out.Most business here is auto and electric-based. The latter are are facing a more severe slowdown to auto industries. Concurrently, being short on manpower affects bussiness even further,At the same time the shortage of labour is another area of concern for us.When asked about the reasons for the labour shortage, the AIMA chief said, \"We were already suffering from an insifficient manpower situation. The proportion of ITI-holders has also dropped. Most helpers have shifted to construction industries.\"Dhananjay Bele, president, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), who also presented an equally grim scenario said, \"There are close to three lakh workers in small and large industries in Nashik district and we are facing around 20 to 25 % shortage of labour. Generally, ITI-holders or engineers want jobs in large and well-known industries. They don't want employment within an SME. and they don't want them in SMEs.Further, most students are recruited by large industry from campus itself. ITI-holders too get jobs large industries as these requires manpower periodically. Students would rather wait to get these instead of working at an SME. time to time, while the rest of the students don't want jobs in SMEs and they wait still they get the job.We are ready to pay more, but the situation has not improvedt,\" Bele said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14396540", "title": "It's Wimbledon for me right now: Federer", "text": "LONDON: For Roger Federer, it's Wimbledon first. Having arrived in London last week to prepare for the championships, the genial Swiss said, \"I haven't seen much of the Olympic buzz yet. I was in the city once and I did see that they were preparing a big square for the Olympics, which I'm sure is going to be amazing, but it's really all Wimbledon for me right now. After this tournament is over, I go back to Switzerland and start preparing for Olympics.\"The 30-year-old six-time champion had earlier asked Martina Hingis to come out of retirement so that they could partner in the mixed doubles at the Olympics next month. Federer's moves were questioned by the media, who pointedly asked him if his wife Mirka was offended.\"I've played mixed doubles with three ladies - Martina Navratilova, Martina Hingis and my wife,\" Federer explained smiling, \"I've been very fortunate with that. She's never going to say, 'You never played mixed with me'. She was very excited when the idea came about that Hingis was a possibility because they like each other a lot.\"He couldn't help but add, \"I know it's a joke, but it was serious and my wife was more excited than anyone else.\"The little red skirtWhen Kim Clijsters dwells on the Summer Games to be played at Wimbledon's All England Club, she's looking at a whole new palette. Come July-August, white is passe.\"I got my Olympic outfit sent to me,\" she said, \"I saw the red skirt and I was like, red skirt at Wimbledon? That's going to be different.\"The affable Belgian went on to add, \"It's going to be different for me for more reasons than one. I haven't played in the Olympics before, so it's going to be a whole new experience for me. I am really excited, Wimbledon is such a special place to be playing tennis at. Besides my personal goal I look forward to following the other Belgian athletes. We are not in a team sport, but when we play the Olympics, besides your individual goal, you feel like a team. I look forward to watching other Belgian athletes.\"Maria the flag-bearerThe Russian Tennis Federation popped the question to Maria Sharapova during the French Open. She was asked through a text message if she would like to be her country's flag-bearer at the London Olympics.\"I had to read the message five times and read it to other people to make sure I got it correct,\" she said, \"I didn't even know it was a question, but I was happy to accept. It was huge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396013", "title": "Trouble brews for retailer over tea packet claims", "text": "MUMBAI: An Aurangabad retailer found that merely stocking a well-known brand of pre-packaged tea can attract the wrath of the state's Food and Drug Administration and result in a two-day suspension of the shop licence due to a \"misleading\" claim on the package.The retailer , who has been fighting for a year against the \"absurd logic\" behind the suspension, was recently granted a reprieve by the Bombay high court. A bench of Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani ordered a status quo and questioned the FDA about the basis of its order.In August 2010, the FDA drew a sample of a pre-packaged tea from Mahavir Super Market in Aurangabad's Cidco area for analysis. The FDA held that the shop violated Rules 37 (which deals with misleading statement) and 39 of the Prevention of Food Adulteration Rules. In January 2011, it sought action against the shop. The analyst's report took exception to the package label, which said the company's \"specialists have selected tender leaves from the best gardens to scientifically and ceremonially bring nature's gift to you\", it implies misleading statement and contravenes Rule 37 of PFA Rules. Further, the report said the words \"tea is with vitamins, keeps fit and helps to produce blood\" imply a medical claim and hence violated another rule to guard against false impression of a product being recommended by a medical professional.Last May, the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation directed a two-day suspension of the shop licence. The retailer then took the matter in appeal within the FDA and this March, the agency's Mumbai head office upheld the suspension and fixed two fresh dates for its enforcement in June. The retailer thus moved the HC for protection of fundamental rights against \"complete non-application of mind by the FDA\".Counsel Birendra Saraf, appearing for the Super Market, said not only is it \"too far-fetched\", it \"is mechanically passed without seeing the shop's reply\", which explains that it had an invoice from a wholesaler and the package was not tampered with.Saraf also said that the FDA fully bypassed a rule that stipulates that a vendor shall not be guilty of sale of any adulterated or misbranded food article if he proves that he purchased it from a manufacturer, distributor or dealer with a written warranty and he sold it in the same state. He said in court, \"If a retailer is punished for each product, then all stores selling beauty products will have to shut shop.\"The matter will be heard again next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14399128", "title": "Pune club to study Nagpur meteorite shower's orbit", "text": "PUNE: City-based amateur astronomy club Khagol Vishwa has initiated a study to find the orbit and the three-dimensional path of the meteorite shower that took place in the Katol tehsil of Nagpur district on May 22. The team will also try to find the possible coordinates of where the larger pieces of the meteorites had fallen with the help of their trajectory and impact site coordinates.According to reports, the phenomenon of balls of fire shooting from the sky, accompanied by blast-like soundswas witnessed by many around 5 pm on May 22. The shower was travelling in the eastern direction and is the first such meteorite shower recorded in the Vidarbha region.\"People heard explosive sounds when the meteorites fell. They possibly created a sonic boom, which is the sound associated with shockwaves as the meteorites were travelling through the air faster than the speed of sound. Within a week of the shower, we had sent a team to record eyewitness accounts of the phenomenon, visiting places within 100 km around Katol,\" said Mayuresh Prabhune, secretary of Khagol Vishwa.Those who had witnessed the phenomenon of the fireballs shooting from the sky were taken to the same spots by the team to gauge the start and end points of the fire balls. \"This helped us record the altitude as well as the azimuth (the direction of a celestial body from the observer of the celestial objects).Visits were also made to the east, west, north and south of Katol. Observations on the duration for which the witnesses saw the phenomenon, whether they saw any smoke or fragments, heard sounds, colour and brightness of the objects were also made,\" said Prabhune. The observations made can be used to find the trajectory (the chosen or taken course)or the three-dimensional path of the fire balls in the atmosphere, and their path till the impact to the ground. \"The trajectory will help us find the radiant or apparent radiant of the meteor shower, which is the point in the sky from which (to a planetary observer) meteors appear to originate. The radiant can further help us estimate its orbit, which will reveal the family these meteorites belong to,\" he added.The bigger pieces of the meteorites have not been found yet. \"The impact site coordinates and the trajectory can also help us estimate the places where the rest of these pieces may have fallen,\" added Prabhune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398745", "title": "Eight university tie-ups picked for Obama-Singh awards", "text": "NEW DELHI: A series of institutional partnerships aimed at propelling research and training in the field of energy security, climate change, agriculture sciences and health services are part of the Obama-Singh Initiative announced recently.As part of the bilateral education partnership, eight collaborative efforts have been awarded. Among the India-led partnerships include tie-ups between Rutgers University and Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) to establish a national vocational school in India that will eventually train up to 1 million people every year.The vocational school has been designed to assist up to 80% Indian graduates considered unemployable by multinational companies and to increase the number of young people taking part in formal vocational education and training (just 4% of the population).For India, the most pressing need is to reform its higher education and widen the skill development system, developing scalable solutions that can rapidly enhance the quality and quantity of educational opportunities available to the 550 million Indians under the age of 25. US-led partnerships include University of Montana and Bangalore University addressing impact of climate change and changes in socio-economic structure on traditional agriculture and development of sustainable communities among indigenous populations. Cornell University with University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel University of Agriculture and Technology, Meerut, will work on implementing reformed curriculum in emerging areas of agriculture and food security.University of Michigan has tied up with Maharashtra University of Health Sciences to jointly develop a masters degree for health profession faculty in the US and India. The programme will include public health, nursing, medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, physiotherapy, occupational therapy and Indian systems of medicine.Other India-led partnerships were between Mahatma Gandhi University and Brown University , Duke University and Plymouth State University to study an interdisciplinary and community oriented approach toward sustainable development. Banaras Hindu University will partner with University of Pittsburgh to research the paradigm shift in energy scenario for the 21st century toward renewable energy sources required for both India and the US. While IIT Kanpur is expected to join hands with Virginia Tech for an international programme on sustainable infrastructure development, its Delhi counterpart will work on resource building for ecosystem and human health risk assessment with special reference to microbial contamination with Drexel University.According to the HRD ministry, each project will receive an award of $250,000 that can be utilized over the three year grant period, with the aim of encouraging mutual understanding, educational reform and economic growth. PM Manmohan Singh and US President Barack Obama had committed $5 million each as part of the endeavour to build an enhanced India-US partnership in education.Apart from the Obama-Singh Initiative, India has also planned to establish 100 community colleges. It has also announced the CV Raman Fellowship with the first tranche of 300 junior faculty members to be placed for post-doctoral research in American higher education institutions in October. About 10,500 faculty members will be sent over five years.The eight institutional partnership projects have been selected for the first Obama-Singh 21st Century Knowledge Initiative awards are:Indian-led partnerships* Mahatma Gandhi University partners with Brown University, Duke University &amp; Plymouth State University* Banaras Hindu University partners with University of Pittsburgh* Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, partners with Virginia Tech University* Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, partners with Drexel UniversityUS-led partnerships:* Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey partner with Tata Institute of Social Sciences* University of Montana partners with Bangalore University* Cornell University partners with University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad and Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel University of Agriculture and Technology, Meerut.* University of Michigan partners with Maharashtra University of Health Sciences", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14397209", "title": "Blow to Abraham's Olympic dream", "text": "HYDERABAD: \"It seems I'm not destined to be an Olympian,\" said Asian Games gold medallist Joseph Abraham after his efforts to qualify for the London Games proved futile again, this time at the 52nd National Inter-State athletics.The national record-holder, who didn't get enough competitions to get into shape or foreign training unlike many others, came home second in men's 400m hurdles behind Punjab's Satinder Singh in 50.39 seconds.That was still 0.59 seconds off the Olympics 'B' standard (49.80s) mark. Abraham's personal best of 49.51 seconds came at the 2007 World Championships but he missed the Beijing Olympics mark by 0.01s.The London cut off was set at 49.80 and Abraham ran 49.98 in Patiala in April. But an Olympics ticket still remains elusive.\"At the eighth hurdle I knew I lost it. From then on it was a struggle to clear the last two and cross the finish line,\" said a crestfallen Abraham, adding that his tactic to go all out in the heats (50.60s) to qualify backfired.\"I had run even two races in a single day, but today I had little left as I didn't recover from yesterday's race,\" said Abraham, who went into race as the only Indian to have run the gruelling event below 50 seconds.Satinder joins elite clubMeanwhile, Satinder (49 .99s) became only the second Indian to dip below the 50-second barrier as he pushed his longtime rival Abraham to the second spot. \"I too went flat out in the heats. But today was my day,\" said Satinder. In fact, it was the second straight Inter-State title for Satinder. Last year, in Bangalore, he had posted his first win over Abraham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14399688", "title": "Bhartiya Bhasha Vibhag introduces condensed courses in Hindi, Sanskrit aimed at school dropouts", "text": "VARANASI: The Bhartiya Bhasha Vibhag, a wing of State Council of Education Research and Training (SCERT), situated in Varanasi, had come up with condensed courses of Hindi and Sanskrit for those who have crossed the age of 14 and hence could not avail the opportunity of free and compulsory education under the Right to Education (RTE) Act.BBV director Bhaskar Mishra said that in order to bring students in the mainstream, who have dropped out from schools due to various reasons, the basic education department had decided to prepare condensed courses for various subjects in which curriculum of classes VI, VII and VIII would be covered in one year to save time.According to Mishra, the entire curriculum has been covered in two books. The first book covers the curriculum of classes VI and VII and will be taught during the first half of the year. The second book covers the curriculum for class VIII which will be taught in the later half of the year. The books will start from revising the basic concepts and cover lessons for each day.The course had been prepared by a 15-member team. \"There are 4-5 lecturers and researchers of BBV while professors of BHU, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth and other institutions and some primary school teachers have also given inputs regarding the structure of the course,\" he said.The condensed courses will begin for school dropouts from this academic session. \"The department will identify such students for imparting further education with condensed courses and once the course is completed, all the students will be given a certificate of passing class VIII. BBV has also prepared special module for the training of teachers also who will teach the condensed courses,\" Mishra added.BBV takes care of Hindi and Sanskrit subjects at primary and upper primary levels. \"The curriculum, courses, content, and structure of the text books at elementary level are decided by the experts, researchers and lecturers of BBV,\" Mishra said.BBV also organizes workshops, lectures and training programme for Hindi and Sanskrit as subject in primary and upper primary schools. Earlier called Rajya Hindi Sansthan, BBV is only office of SCERT established in Varanasi in 1975.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14397543", "title": "Court told Briton laughed after shooting Bidve", "text": "LONDON: 'Psycho Stapleton', a Briton, who admitted shooting Pune student Anuj Bidve on December 26 last year, laughed and ran away after the incident, the Manchester Crown Court was told on the first day of his trial on Monday.Kiaran Stapleton, 21, had earlier pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility, but not guilty of murder of 23-year-old Bidve. His plea was not accepted by the Crown Prosecution Service and he now stands trial for murder.Stapleton 'smirked or laughed' after he walked up to Bidve and shot him through the head, the Crown Court was told during the day's proceedings. Stapleton approached Bidve and his friends in the street in Salford and asked them at least once what the time was. One of the group answered and without warning Stapleton produced a gun, put it to the head of Bidve and fired a shot, which killed him, the court was told during the trial that is expected to last 12 days.The Bidve family has travelled from Pune to attend the trial.Opening the case, prosecutor Brian Cummings told the Crown Court: \"Anuj Bidve immediately fell to the ground, fatally injured. The gunman smirked or laughed and ran off.\" He told the jury that Stapleton had pleaded guilty to his manslaughter three weeks ago but continues to deny murder. The defence is likely to call expert psychological and psychiatric evidence in the trial.Cummings added: \"I will ask you to keep in mind as we go through evidence in this trial is that Kiaran Stapleton's eventual admission that he is the killer came at an advanced stage of proceedings, and only after a significant body of evidence had already been gathered against him.\"Bidve, who was a student of Microelectronics at Lancaster University, was on his way from his hotel walking through Ordsall to the Boxing Day sales in Manchester city centre with a group of other Indian students when he was killed.The Crown Court was told during the day's proceedings that on the day after the shooting, Stapleton, who described himself in January as 'Psycho Stapleton', checked into a hotel near the scene of the crime. He was with a friend, Ryan Holden, at the scene of the shooting. Holden was initially arrested as a suspect, but he is now due to appear as a witness for the prosecution. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395558", "title": "Eunuch not a woman, high court upholds lower court order", "text": "BHOPAL: This is the fascinating story of a eunuch elected as mayor from a seat reserved for Dalit woman and a three-year prolonged legal battle which was finally put to an end by the Madhya Pradesh high court on Monday afternoon.The high court upheld disqualification of the eunuch and ruled that her nearest rival in the contest would be rightful claimant to the mayor's chair.The bench of Justice K K Trivedi also quashed the proceedings, initiated by the state election commission, to hold poll for the post of mayor of Sagar Municipal Corporation, observing that post of mayor was not vacant.Kamla, a eunuch, had won the mayor election as an independent candidate on December 15, 2009, defeating her nearest BJP rival Suman Ahirwar by a margin of over 43,000 votes. Following the results, Suman Ahirwar filed a petition before the district judge appealing to disqualify Kamla Kinnar's election on grounds that the seat was reserved for a woman from the scheduled caste community.Two years later, the Sagar district court declared Kamala Kinnar's election as \"null and void\" because the mayor's seat was reserved for a 'woman'. Then the lower court had held that Kamla is neither a woman nor a member of the scheduled caste community and the candidate, who was the nearest rival in the contest, would be the rightful claimant to the chair.Suman Ahirwar's counsel Rajesh Chand recalled: ``On December 9, 2011 the court of the Sagar district judge disqualified Kamla Kinnar's election. Against that decision, Kamla approached the High Court which stayed the lower court order. The High Court directed the district election officer to temporarily deal with the situation as a casual vacancy. And the case would be heard again on July 2.''\"However, the election commission misinterpreted the court's interim order and started preparations to hold by-elections for the post of Mayor of Sagar Municipal Corporation\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14395640", "title": "Medical strike: Doctors keep off OPDs, attend emergencies", "text": "INDORE: Even as thousands of city doctors showed their solidarity against the Clinical Establishment Act 2010 and other policies of Union government on Monday, emergency medical services were attended by the doctors. The private doctors abstained from attending OPDs while government doctors remained on duty but wore black ribbon on their arms to show their resentment against the draconian policies of the central government. Emergency medical services were attended on priority. Due to strike, those patients who had health complications either postponed their visit to doctors after primary medications or attended OPD at government hospitals.To raise their protest against the policies, doctors staged a mass protest at Maharaja Yeshwantrao (MY) Hospital. A delegation of Indian Medical Association (IMA) briefed doctors about the policies that would worsen their general practice. \"We gathered at MYH to show solidarity against the policies of the union government that would make it tough for doctors' fraternity to survive. The policies should be revoked,\" said Dr Ulhas Mahajan, district president, IMA.Prior to this, a delegation of Indian Medical Association (IMA) met Divisional Commissioner and Collector to submit their memorandum on the issues concerning the fraternity. Dr Dev Patodi, a member of IMA and a government doctor said, \"We have submitted memorandum to commissioner and collector to brief them about the problems that would arise after implementation of Clinical Establishment Act and National Commission for Human Resources for Health (NCHRH).\" Dr Dilip Acharya, Dr C P Kothari, and Dr A Nahar were in the delegation that met the Divisional Commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14399774", "title": "Steel city lad eyes Bollywood after short film debut", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: This 24-year-old youth has finally found a toehold in the entertainment world with his debut movie \" Shaitani Aatma\", a 70-minute film highlighting the consequences of falling into the trap of thug babas for short gains.After a five-year struggle, Banti Kumar has successfully managed to produce and direct a film which he claimed his pet project. \"Since my school days, I always aspired to become a film director. I am happy that finally I have made a film,\" said Banti, a former student of Lal Bhadur Shastri College.Banti spent much of his struggling period in Kolkata, working for various production houses before taking up his debut film project. \"I was largely associated with the Jai Mata Di production house in Kolkata and acted in a few devotional films,\" said Banti adding that he was part of the award winning film \" Udaan\".\"My role as Arnab in the film (Udaan) was short but during the shooting I had the chance to meet Ronit Roy (popular television actor) who appreciated my acting skills and since then he has regularly been encouraging me to work hard,\" said Banti, elder of the two siblings who lost their father Gopeshwar Banerjee in the early years of their life. With local production crew and actors a significant part of \"Udaan\" was shot here.Banti managed to collect funds from his close friends for his debut movie. \"The success of my debut film will determine source of funds for my next project (Love) which is a complete romantic film of over 120 minutes with a budget of a few lakh rupees,\" said Banti.Like his first venture, \"Love\" will also cast Jamshedpur-based artists. \"There are a few talented artists who have agreed to work in my next movie,\" said Banti. He said he aspired to make a place for himself in the Mumbai film industry but not before establishing his name in the regional film sector.\"I owe everything to my mother (Manju Banerjee) who has been a source of inspiration for both of my brothers since our father left us years back,\" said Banti. \"Shaitani Aatma\" was screened in a city auditorium on Sunday in the presence of the close friends and relatives of Banti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14399623", "title": "Boys top engineering entrance exam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Boys bagged the top three ranks in the Kerala engineering entrance exams with Binu George from Changanasserry winning the first rank. Jishnu M from Thrissur and Jerin Vincent from North Paravur bagged the second and third ranks, respectively.Shahin Shah K M from Kozhikode and Shilpa Joy from Thrissur bagged the fourth and fifth ranks.This year, the rank list was published through a standardization procedure after considering the marks in the entrance exams and the qualifying examinations. Equal weightage was given to marks obtained by a candidate in the entrance examination and the marks obtained for Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry/Computer science/Biotechnology/Biology put together in the plus-two course.\"The rank was determined after scaling marks of two papers of the entrance exams and the qualifying exams to 300 marks each,\" entrance commissioner B S Mavoji said.In the first 1, 000 ranks, 390 students are state board students, 545 CBSE students and 45 CISCE students. In the top 10, seven students are from state board while remaining are CBSE students.Mavoji said that close to 25,800 engineering seats were available in the colleges in the state.This includes 4,000 seats in the government and government-aided engineering colleges, 101 seats in the Agriculture University, 5, 495 seats in the government-controlled self-financing colleges and 19,000 seats in the private self-financing colleges, he said.Out of the 106071 candidates who appeared for the entrance exam, 77510 candidates were qualified out of which 40128 are male candidates and 37382 female candidates. Among this, the names of 60776 candidates were included in the engineering rank list. This includes 32269 male and 28507 female candidates.The options for the engineering and medical courses are open from June 21. The first allotment will be made on July 08 and the students can pay their fee on July 09, 10 and 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14401045", "title": "Eight rebels keep resignations ready", "text": "BANGALORE: There's fresh rebel trouble brewing for chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda. The Yeddyurappa camp is likely to up the ante to oust him, by tendering their resignations to Gowda en masse.But this time, the Gowda camp is planning to counter it with a master strategy. In a bid to keep the chief minister's post, the camp now plans to throw the contest open, by floating party president KS Eshwarappa as a contender for the hot seat. More than 12 MLAs led by Suresh Kumar and Aravind Limbavali have urged him to join the fray, in case the higher-ups decide to change the CM. One of the plans of this camp is to make Eshwarappa chief minister and Jagadish Shettar -- the dissident camp candidate \u2014 party president.This comes on the back of news that former CM BS Yeddyurappa's loyalists \u2014 ministers Basavaraj Bommai, Murugesh R Nirani, CM Udasi, Shobha Karandlaje, MP Renukacharya, Narasimha Naik, Umesh V Katti and V Somanna - have reportedly planned to resign to convey to BJP leaders in New Delhi that Gowda should be replaced immediately. Unlike their earlier resignation drama, this time, the eight ministers would be handing over their letters to the chief minister himself, in a day or two. As a pressure tactic, these ministers last month gave their resignation letters to their leader Yeddyurappa. Party sources said state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa has been asked by the BJP bosses in New Delhi to prepare a report on the political situation in the party.DISSIDENTS IN A HUDDLE With Yeddyurappa undergoing treatment at Jindal Nature Cure Institute, the dissidents - both ministers and legislators -- are likely to meet at Udasi's residence on Tuesday to chalk out a plan. On Wednesday, the former CM is expected to hold a meeting at his residence, before BJP troubleshooter Dharmendra Pradhan comes to the city on June 28.Pradhan is expected to take the opinion of the rebel camp,which is on a mission to remove Sadananda Gowda, and been demanding that he convene the legislature party meeting so they can air their dissent and formally elect a new leader.The rebel camp had vowed to take their demand to its logical end, however, top leaders in the BJP are said to have told them to drop the plan by giving an assurance that the party would take an appropriate decision at the appropriate time. Eshwarappa's meeting with the former CM on Sunday also added to the speculation that the BJP may seriously discuss the leadership change issue.Arun Jaitley and Rajnath Singh may arrive in the first week of July. Gowda has maintained that he has no issues in convening a legislature party meeting, but norms have to be followed. Eshwarappa declined to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14400401", "title": "Minorities urged to avail benefits of govt schemes", "text": "MANGALORE: If you find banners and advertisements of security solution companies at mohalla meetings organized by Dakshina Kannada district police, do not be surprised. To put an end to house breaking and theft (HBT) by day incident police have decided to invite such agencies to give demonstration of security solution products at mohalla meetings.The first of such demonstrations will be held at Vittal on Wednesday where a leading security solution manufacturer has been invited to give a demo. Anti-burglary systems and other home security solutions in different price bands will be on display. \"The products will give people ideas about what they need to do to ensure the safety of their homes or if they are satisfied with present security arrangements at their home,\" SP Abhishek Goyal said.Clarifying that this was not a knee-jerk reaction to series of house break and theft by day cases reported in his policing unit in the recent past, Abhishek said, \"There is a steady trend of such cases reported in Dakshina Kannada in the past. The police have solved quite a few of such cases based on the modus operandi employed by habitual offenders. We have also cracked cases where newer criminals were involved.\"By inviting such agencies to police-public interactions police is not planning to promote any agencies. \"We are merely facilitating them to give a demonstration of their products,\" SP said, adding jewellers, merchants and others who might need such solutions to safeguard their units have been invited to participate in the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "vinukonda", "code": "14395751", "title": "Parents poison newborn girl", "text": "VINUKONDA: A 12-day-old baby girl was poisoned to death allegedly by her parents in a remote tribal village in Guntur's Bollapalli mandal near here. Police exhumed the body of the infant on Monday and sent it for an autopsy.The infant was born to tribal couple, Bhukya Baba Naik and Chilka Bai, of Papayapalem village. Sources said the couple had decided to get rid of the infant as they already had three daughters. They told villagers that the child had died of a severe fever. But locals recalled how Baba Naik's third daughter had died in a similar fashion two years ago. When they confronted the couple and the child's grandmother, Peepli Bai, Chilka Bai admitted to feeding pesticide to the baby mistaking it for a syrup. With the locals kicking up a big furore, Baba Naik fled the village leaving his wife and mother-in-law to answer the queries of locals and cops. A manhunt has been launched to nab him. Locals suspect it was Peepli Bai who forced her daughter to eliminate the girl child.Of the two surviving children, the elder one is eight years old and yet to go to a school.Police have launched a manhunt to nab Naik, who is an agriculture labourer. An inquiry has been ordered into the incident.Ironically, Gopi Naik, a tribal, heads the district health department as DM&amp;HO.;", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396995", "title": "Pollution board initiates probe into death of fishes", "text": "LUCKNOW: A team of officials from UP Jal Nigam and UP Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) on Monday initiated an enquiry into the death of scores of fish in Gomti.Initial indications pointed that the mortality might have been caused following release of untreated water from sugar mills in Sitapur. General manager (Gomti pollution), JA Ansari said that scores of dead fishes were found floating near Kudiaghat. \"It might have been caused by the release of untreated water from sugar mills upstream,\" he said. The incident came to light on Sunday, when visitors at Kudiaghat saw thousands of fish floating on the surface.Experts suggest that the oxygen level in the water might have fallen because of various reasons. First, the rise in temperature had caused a drastic fall in the water level. A brief spell of rain on Saturday also brought garbage into the river, following which dissolved oxygen level decreased dramatically. The final blow appeared to have come from the release of untreated water from sugar mills upstream. UPPCB sources said that the team has taken samples of water for examination.Significantly, there have been talks of water being released into the river by Sharda canal. But the water level in the river has been on a constant decline in the last couple of months following a sharp rise in demand for water.UPPCB officials said that the dissolved oxygen should be around 3 mg per litre for survival of fish. Anything below that may lead to fish mortality. Officials said that from time to time they check the oxygen levels in the river and it invariably comes around 5-6 milligram per litre, which is considered to be safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14401235", "title": "Google to take on Apple, Microsoft with its own tablet", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is believed there is no tablet market. There is only an iPad market. Two years after Steve Jobs unveiled iPad and virtually created a new market, Google and Microsoft are getting serious about tablets, which are becoming crucial in the emerging digital ecosystem and enticing customers away from laptops and computers.Google, which competes with Apple through its Android operating software in the phone market, will launch its tablet on June 27 at Google I/O, the company's annual event for developers. While tablets powered by Android are available for quite some time now, they have failed to dent the iPad market. According to figures from IDC, a research firm, Samsung , which is Google's biggest hardware partner, had a global share of just 5.8% in the tablet market compared to Apple's 54.7% in Q4, 2011. IDC estimates this year the total size of tablet market will be 106.1 million units.\"Android tablets have so far failed to match iPad in terms of user experience. Apple has built a superior ecosystem around its tablet. With its tablet, Google is hoping it will be able to offer better user experience,\" said Vishal Tripathi, a principal analyst with Gartner.Google's tablet announcement is coming barely a week after Microsoft unveiled Surface, a tablet running Windows 8. \"Google believes it has given its partners ample time to innovate and compete but they have been unsuccessful versus the iPad. Microsoft sees what its partners have planned for Windows 8 tablets and believes it must take the matters in its own hands,\" said Patrick Moorhead, president at Moor Insights &amp; Strategy, firm that advices computer hardware companies.Google's tablet, likely to be branded Nexus so that it can complement the company's Nexus phones, will have a screen size of 7-inches. Google is also hoping to take on Amazon with its tablet. Amazon launched Kindle Fire last year at an attractive price of $199 in the US. According to IDC, Amazon shipped 4.7 million Kindle Fires in Q4 of 2011 to become the second largest tablet vendor after Apple with a market share of 16.8%.While Kindle Fire runs on Android, the operating software has been heavily modified and is controlled by Amazon and not Google. Fire is the reason why Google may price its tablet at just $200 for 8GB version and $249 for 16GB version.\"There are currently two tablet markets, an iPad market and a low end, $199-$99 Android tablet market,\" said Moorhead. \"Microsoft has the best chance at attacking the iPad given the pricing is competitive. Consumers will pay a more for PC compatibility if it meets the bar for battery life, price, and applications. Android will compete on price as Google has yet to deliver a must-have feature.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396429", "title": "Architecture student dies in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A young architecture student succumbed to injuries after his bike was rammed by a truck near Bhola Ganesh Chowk in Kotwali on Monday evening. Saurav Meshram, 20, was declared dead at Government Medical College and Hospital.It is learnt that Meshram was riding on his bike along with a friend. He was with a group that was heading towards Mahal market when the incident took place. Meshram was rushed to a private hospital but was referred to GMCH. It is learnt that Meshram's kin and friends were upset over the delay by doctors in treating the injured. Kotwali police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "baltal (jammu and kashmir)", "code": "14403584", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: First batch of pilgrims from Baltal depart", "text": "BALTAL (JAMMU and KASHMIR): The first batch of pilgrims departed for the Amarnath Yatra in the early hours of Monday from the base camp here.Despite inclement weather and snow-covered tracks, Shri Amarnath Shrine Board (SASB) has put in place all the arrangements for the annual yatra.\"Today is the first day of the pilgrimage, so millions of devotees have gathered here and they are very excited to go to the cave and seek Lord Shiva's blessings,\" Rajesh Sharma, pilgrim, said.Around 10,000 pilgrims reached Sonamarg camp on Sunday and stayed in the makeshift tents made by the SASB.The pilgrims were excited to start their pilgrimage.\"We wait for the whole year for this occasion. The weather is not very conducive as it has been raining since morning. We only wish to seek the blessings of the Lord and it is this hope that is helping us to move ahead,\" Indu Kaul, a devotee, said.Elaborate and extensive security arrangements have been made by the Border Security Force (BSF) and Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF).Pilgrims expressed their satisfaction with the security arrangements.\"We are very happy that we are going in the first batch. All the devotees are moving with full devotion. I really hope they have a nice journey,\" said Anup Kumar Deewan, a pilgrim.The Amarnath yatra takes place between July and August every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14399086", "title": "Fuel spill on window causes panic in train", "text": "PUNE: A journey aboard the train from Lucknow to Pune almost turned nightmarish for the passengers before the authorities came up with an explanation. The passengers panicked as the train reached Bhusawal station when they saw the windows of the coaches smeared with diesel. The passengers thought that miscreants had spilt diesel on the windows of the coaches, and there was a wide-spread panic.Officials of the Railway Protection Force in Bhusawal later clarified that some diesel had accidentally been spilt on the coaches from a pipe used to fill fuel in the engine.Passengers said the train reached Bhusawal around 10.50 pm. When it started moving after its scheduled halt, passengers saw the oil dripping from the windows. They pulled the chain and halted the train.One of the passengers, Lokesh Ramamoorthi, who was travelling to Pune said those on board the train were very scared. \"The train had just started and was full of passengers. Even the reserved coaches were crowded. Passengers in the sleeper class coaches got scared due to the oil spill as all the windows were open. Some passengers even felt a burning sensation in their eyes,\" he said.Ramamoorthi said the train was brought back to Bhusawal station and all the coaches were washed. It left for Pune after two hours. In Pune, it arrived late by nearly three hours on Monday morning.A senior RPF official from Bhusawal said he had not seen the coaches, but had received details that thespill was from a pipe used to refuel the engine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14398628", "title": "Salim Veljee elected IPA-Goa president", "text": "Director of Food and Drugs administration Salim Veljee has been unanimously elected as the new president of Indian pharmaceutical association (IPA), Goa branch, for the year 2012-14. The other members elected on the body are Sanjay Priolkar (vice-president), Anant Naik (secretary), R Y Arlekar (joint secretary), Prashant Bhide (treasurer) and Maya Panvelkar, Prakash Naik and Prasad Tamba.GMC hosts two CME programmes : The department of pathology, Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim, in collaboration with the Indian Academy of Cytologists organized two continuing medical education (CME) programmes in GMC recently, In the first CME on blood banking and transfusion medicine, the faculty were Dr Narendra Mogra, professor and head of pathology, Rabindranath Tagore Medical College, Udaipur-Rajasthan and Dr Grace Da Costa, professor and head of pathology department, Grant Medical College and Sir J J Group of Hospitals, Mumbai. The CME was chaired by Dr R G Wiseman Pinto. The topics covered were blood transfusion, blood components, autologous transfusion and E-blood banking services. A quiz in pathology was also conducted by Dr Grace Da Costa. In the second CME programme was on 'smooth muscle tumours of the female genital tract'. The speakers were Dr Aditya Sheldekar, Dr Aditya S and Dr Vynetta Devadoss. This CME was chaired by Dr Pinto and Dr Savita Chandra. The topics covered were leiomyoma, leiomyosarcoma, clinical features, imaging, incidence, treatment and prognosis.'Pandharpur Vari': 'Pandharpur Vari' (a walking pilgrimage to Pandharpur) left from Mulgao-Bicholim to Pandharpur recently. This is the third consecutive year of organizing the 'Pandharpur Vari' by Varkari Sampradaya Mulgao under the guidance of Hari Bhajani pandit Udaybuwa Fadke. About 220 devotees who participated in this year's 'vari' will reach Pandharpur on June 30 and will attend the 'Ashadhi Ekadashi' on July 1 before returning to Goa the next day by bus. The devotees will cover a total distance of 360 km for which they will walk 20-25 km every day. This year, they have been provided with some extra facilities to avoid inconvenience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14405152", "title": "The Nukkad Salsa at Tantra, The Park", "text": "Revellers at Tantra, The Park, were treated to some hatke tunes as The Nukkad Salsa Project took centrestage on Friday.The band that prides itself in fusing Latino grooves with pop and rock music played to a packed house as frontman and actor Dibyendu Mukherjee took charge of the vocals.While Debo and Ludo took care of the percussion, Raj, Tats and Sammy were on guitar, bass and the keyboard. Petite actor Sampurna Lahiri dropped by in her casual avatar \u2014 red denims and black tee. Model Ishika caught our eye with her quirky printed jumpsuit that she accessorized with a sling bag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14399757", "title": "High court takes strong note on posting of 2 IAS officers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Monday took strong note of the fact that two senior IAS officers of the state who were placed under suspension for committing alleged irregularities in allotment of land at Noida for hotel industry at throwaway prices, have been posted on the same post in Noida authority.Taking cognizance on a PIL, filed by Madhav Samaj Nirman Samiti, a division bench consisting of Justice Arun Tandon and Justice RS Maurya on Monday asked the advocate general to apprise the court on the issue raised in the PIL by June 29.It has been alleged in the PIL that two senior IAS officers including Rakesh Bahadur and Sanjeev Saran have been posted on the same post as chairman and CEO respectively at Nodia. The allegation in the PIL is that they had been placed under suspension for committing irregularities in allotment of land for hostel industry causing huge monetary loss to the state exchequer and therefore they were suspended and an FIR against them under sections 420, 467, 471 of IPC and section 13 of Prevention of Corruption Act was registered.The PIL alleged that both the officers were not only reinstated but also given prime posting on the same post at Nodia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396903", "title": "50% applicants to engineering courses are first-generation college-goers", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly half the applicants for engineering seats in the state are first generation college-goers. Of the 1,80,071 applications received by the Tamil Nadu Engineering Admissions committee this year, 86,997 have applied under the first graduates category.Academics felt this was a result of the success of the government's efforts to encourage students to pursue professional courses. Successive state governments have abolished the common entrance test, lowered the eligibility marks, and introduced schemes that enable engineering aspirants to get an engineering degree free of cost, even in a private self-financing college.\"Before these initiatives were introduced, candidates had the same mindset they have towards getting into the IITs today. They felt that without undergoing private coaching for the entrance test they would not be able to get an engineering seat. Now that situation has changed,\" said educational consultant D Nedunchezhiyan.More Tamil medium students in raceOfficials said that between 2003 and 2006 only 10,000 to 15,000 students who studied under Tamil medium applied to take part in the single window counselling system. Now the number has gone up to 50,000 to a lakh.Students applying under the SC/ST category need a minimum of 35%, while MBC and DNC category students need 40%, BC and BCM students need 45%, while students applying under the general category need a minimum of 50% marks in the qualifying examination. \"The flip side is that with students only studying the Class 12 portions for two years, and neglecting the Class 11 portions, they are unable to cope up with the engineering syllabus. Schools have become coaching factories now,\" Nedunchezhiyan added.The Tamil Nadu Engineering Admissions committee started the process of generating random numbers for engineering aspirants on Monday. Higher education minister P Palaniappan formally announced the opening of the single window for admission to engineering colleges in the state. \"With 400 to 500 students likely to tie at some marks, and we have a systematic procedure to break the tie. The random numbers will be used when all the other options are exhausted,\" said TNEA secretary V Rhymend Uthariaraj.Candidates are first ranked on their total tally of mathematics, physics and chemistry. If there is a tie, the candidates with the maximum mathematics score will be given preference, of which those who have secured higher marks in physics and chemistry will rank above others. A tie between candidates at this stage will be eliminated based on their scores in the fourth optional subject. After this, older students will get the first preference. When this too fails to break the tie, students will be ranked according to the random number in the descending order. Last year, 87 students scored a perfect aggregate of 200/200 for the engineering admissions in 2011, and random numbers were used to ascertain the ranks of 17 students.This year, 1,80,071 candidates will vie for 1,71,417 seats through the single window system. There are another 1,92,365 management seats available in the 540 engineering colleges in the state. Minister Palaniappan said several colleges have surrendered more seats to the government quota than they were mandated to.Anna University vice-chancellor P Mannar Jawahar said the rank list would be released on June 30, and that counselling for candidates under the sports quota will take place on July 5. Academic counselling for the general category will begin on July 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14400062", "title": "Chipping in from across the world", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Adding some freshness to their two-decade-old body, Punjab Engineering College (PEC) Old Students' Association (PECOSA) is all set to come up with a \"new logo\" for their society.Cutting across geographical boundaries, former students from India and overseas are participating in its ideation on Facebook. They are giving their feedback on pictures, motto and designs selected for it. \"The idea was to bring former PEC students together and add novelty to the logo. The final design will be discussed in the executive meeting of PECOSA on Saturday,\" said Malvinder Singh, president of PECOSA. The executive body, comprising 20 members and 15 to 20 special invitees, had in its last meeting decided to work on it.\"Now, it will be discussed in the next meeting. We have requested a special invitee of the body to design the logo. He will come up with a few designs after taking into consideration the feedbacks,\" said Madhuri Bansal, general secretary of PECOSA.Former PEC students spread across the world are closely following it. \"I was thrilled to see how the discussion on PECOSA logo was taking place. It is wonderful to be a part of the whole process and I am sure the executive members will come up with the best design. Though I am overseas, it feels great to connect with my alma-mater through such endeavours,\" said a former student who is at present working in Singapore.\"Former students from all corners of the world are pooling in with constructive views and are excited about it,\" said Arvind Vij, a special invitee to the PECOSA executive body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14395926", "title": "No stopping syndicates even with new liquor policy", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The new liquor policy seems to be not yielding the desired result as several new entrants have reportedly joined hands to form syndicates. The existing syndicates have already decided that all the members in the syndicates would get equal share in the shops in the new system, for which the draw of lots would be conducted on Tuesday.Many newcomers, including teachers, owners of private educational institutions and even members of non-governmental organizations, are hoping to cash in on by giving the shops to existing traders or the syndicates in lieu of a good bargain. \"Most of the old-timers in the liquor business are not directly involved in the new lottery process due to the fear of facing the ACB wrath,\" sources said. \"The present wine shop owners would offer their shops to the new comers with an understanding of partnership,\" a source added.A total of 2,600 applications were filed for 555 shops in East Godavari, the highest in the state, and another 500 people stood in the queue till 7.30 pm. During first two days, not a single application was filed. It was a different picture in Vizianagaram as outsiders, including those from Vizag, East Godavari, Krishna and Guntur districts, came to file their applications. Till late in the night, about 1,000 applications have been filed and another 700 people were standing in the queue line. Only 83 applications were filed till Sunday.It may be recalled the state government mopped up Rs 6,960 crore from the auction of 6,576 retail liquor shops following a record number of bidders (48,600) in 2010 for a two-year period, which was more than double the amount collected in 2008. In 2008, the government earned Rs 3,200 crore through 20,000 bidders.During the bidding in 2010, a shop at Nadikudi village of Dachepalli mandal in Guntur district was auctioned for a whopping Rs 5.21 crore while another shop in the same mandal realised Rs 4.92 crore. Two shops in Visakhapatnam city (Rs 4.72 crore) and Old Alwal in Ranga Reddy district (Rs 4.45 crore) also crossed Rs 4 crore mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14399773", "title": "SCERT drafts new lessons for teachers", "text": "KOCHI: Teaching in state syllabus schools is set for a major overhaul, focusing on co-learning, wherein pedagogy is pursued in a more democratic manner.Aimed at transforming the teachers into 'new millennium teachers', the State Council of Educational Research and Training (SCERT) has developed a programme to improve the management capacity of teachers besides bring in an attitudinal change.The objective of the programme is to enhance the quality of 'teaching-learning process' in all government, aided and unaided private schools of Kerala. The entire school education process will be made at par with the global best practices in schooling.Emphasizing on the relevance of the programme, SCERT director K A Hashim said, \"This is part of the implementation of Right to Education Act as well as the 'teachers package' announced by the Kerala government. There are 1, 60, 443 teachers in state syllabus schools and they will be trained in three phases.\" Other than developing teachers as best evaluators and co-learners, the programme focuses on the challenges faced by present day school teachers who need to develop confidence in their profession and work with a holistic vision. It also seeks to promote a democratic classroom environment, develop professionalism, ethics and values, information and communication technology (ICT) skills.\"Teachers also need to develop team spirit, the feeling of oneness with students, develop an ability to solve problems, and keep a rapport with students, other teachers, headmasters, parents, community and authorities. This will help teachers in transforming their schools as centres of excellence,\" he said.To meet these requirements, they will be trained in three phases. While Phase I focuses on personality development and ICT skills of teachers, Phase II aims to equip teachers to implement the curriculum effectively. Phase III is envisaged as a booster training based on the actual implementation of the inputs received from the first two phases.They would also be given a course on stress management, time management, emotional balance, empathy and work ethics, besides team building and collaboration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14395790", "title": "Andhra Pradesh appeals against CAT's DGP order", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Monday filed a petition in the AP high court urging it to set aside the recent Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) order that held as illegal the appointment of V Dinesh Reddy as the state DGP. The government said that it had the power to choose an officer of its choice for the top post. General administration department (GAD) filed the petition through its assistant secretary V Varadaraj seeking an interim stay on the CAT order.The state reminded the court that the earlier two orders of the CAT that also held as illegal the previous appointments of two DGPs were either stayed by the AP high court or were awaiting adjudication by the Supreme Court. \"When the legality of the CAT order is under the examination by the apex court, it is unlawful on its part to set aside another DGP's appointment citing the same grounds,\" the GAD official said.The AP High Court on Monday directed the state's chief secretary and the registrar of the cooperatives to file their replies within two weeks to a plea that pointed out several irregularities in the allotment of plots in the Greyhounds cooperative housing society in Hyderabad. Responding to a petition filed by one P Bhavani of Hyderabad who told the court that the housing society management resorted to several irregularities in the allotment of plots at Manchirevula in Ranga Reddy district. The site was developed as Rock view enclave and the cooperative officials had even written a letter to the chief secretary confirming the irregularities in the allotments. But the CS did not act so far, the counsel for the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14399850", "title": "Elephant dies of bullet injuries", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The 60-year-old female elephant found in a critical stage at Nellikkuth in Vazhikadavu Forest Range the other day, died on Monday morning.It was the local people who reported the matter to forest officials on Sunday morning. On receiving the information, forest officials including DFO Nilambur North George P Mathachan along with a group of veterinary experts rushed to the spot.Dr D Ramachandran, veterinary surgeon at Vazhikadavu Veterinary Clinic , administered the elephant 30 bottle of glucose.The animal was also given antibiotics and steroids on Sunday evening.Though forest officials then decided to shift the pachyderm to a better shelter, they didn't do it as veterinary experts found its chances of survival grim.And though another team of veterinary experts came from Nilambur to attend to the animal on Monday morning, they could not revive the animal and it died around 10am.In the post mortem examination, it was found that the elephant had sustained a bullet injury in the lower part of its neck and that it had been shot at close range. A portion of a bullet was recovered from inside the wound.The Forest Department has registered a case.George P Mathachan said the department would inquire into the incident as it was a clear case of shooting. \"The elephant suffered the bullet injury at least three weeks ago,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14403433", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: Youth dies of cardiac arrest", "text": "SRINAGAR: A 27-year-old Amarnath pilgrim has died of cardiac arrest at Baltal base camp in Ganderbal district, police said on Monday.Neeraj Chopra, a resident of Punjab, had reached the camp on Sunday to be part of the first batch of pilgrims to leave for the holy cave shrine, when he suffered a heart attack.Chopra, who was immediately shifted to a hospital set up for pilgrims at the base camp, was declared brought dead by doctors, they said.The annual Amarnath Yatra began this morning from both the routes -- 16 kms from Baltal in Ganderbal and the traditional 45 kms Pahalgam track in Anantnag district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14400465", "title": "Staff, students of school with 100% SSLC results feted", "text": "MYSORE: The Dakshina Kannada District Kannada Sahitya Parishat (KSP) on Monday organized a programme to felicitate students and teachers of the Government Girls High School, Balmatta, the only Kannada medium school in Mangalore city block to bag 100 per cent results in the SSLC examination.While all 77 students, who appeared for the examination, were successful, six students bagged distinction and 34 secured first class marks. Speaking at the event, N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker, said that there were eight government Kannada medium schools in the city which secured more than 80 per cent results in SSLC.\"Minister for primary and secondary education Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri during his recent visit had praised the efforts of teachers and students. I wish that more government schools will secure 100 per cent results in future,\" he added.Headmistress B Vinoda said that the percentage of results increased only because of the dedication of students and teachers. \"There were many people, who strived for the success. It gave me immense pleasure that a government school with Kannada as medium could secure 100 per cent results, despite having several problems. Majority of our students are from backward and poor classes and many hail from villages too. We hope that the school would continue the performance in future too,\" she added.District KSP president Pradeep Kumar Kalkura and MLC Capt Ganesh Karnik were also felicitated on the occasion for being re-elected to their respective posts recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401393", "title": "Coached, but English remains alien to many", "text": "PATNA: Speak English fluently in four months. The invite, even though it involves a cost, sounds attractive to the students most of whom think - and rightly so, in many cases - that proficiency in English is a sine qua non for a white-collar job. The result: The institutes making the invite have mushroomed in the city and their proprietors are laughing all the way to the bank.Saumya of J D Women's College joined one such institute at Raja Bazaar because \"I was unable to comprehend the lectures of my professors in classes because of the lack of knowledge of English\". She added, \"And I believe one needs to have a good command of the alien language to get a decent job.\"But five months after she joined a Spoken English institute on Boring Road, Priya Kumari is sort of disillusioned. \"They said they would groom me in such a way that I would speak English fluently after four months. But this is my fifth month at the institute and I still cannot converse in English,\" the ISc student of A N College, visibly in a sulk, said in Hindi.DAV-BSEB Colony's teacher Aparna Singh has an explanation: \"Most of these institutes charge anything between Rs 3,000 and Rs 5,000 for the 3-month or 4-month course. But it is impossible to become fluent in a language in such a short span of time without knowing at least the basic rules of its grammar.\"It is difficult to know exactly how many such institutes are doing business since most of these institutes are not registered. \"Not only in Patna, such institutes have opened in small district towns of the state as well and together there must be hundreds of them,\" a university professor, preferring anonymity, said and added most of the \"trainers\" in many of these institutes were not familiar with the grammatical concepts and did not have even a proper degree concerning the language.But to lure \"customers\" to the coaching institutes, many of them use attractive terms like 'Oxford' and 'Cambridge' as prefix to their names. And they thrive because the demand is high. \"The mainstream education system even at the graduation and postgraduation levels fails to address this problem of lack of proficiency in spoken English. Hence, the students fall back on the coaching institutes,\" said Prof Arun Kamal of Patna University.That the scenario is worse in government schools became sort of official when the state government recently tied up with a coaching institute, a registered one, for a change, for \"English training\" to secondary schoolteachers. \"Fact is, it requires rigorous coaching for at least a year to make someone, who lacks the basic knowledge of grammar and hails from a rural background, have a satisfactory command of English,\" Balbir Jha of the institute, which has tied up with the government, said matter-of-factly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396920", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration monitors sale of abortion drugs", "text": "NAGPUR: Suddenly waking up to the cause of female foeticide, Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) has begun to keep a watch on the sale of all Schedule 'H' drugs including those used for the medical termination of pregnancy (MTP). The administration has issued show-cause notices to 50 retailers and four wholesalers who either did not maintain records of the sales or sold these medicines without prescription.The FDA has been carrying out both awareness drive as well as checking of the MTP drugs being sold without proper prescription from doctors by both retailers and wholesalers since June 6. \"FDA inspected the premises of 58 doctors, 265 retailers and 85 wholesalers who were found to be directly or indirectly related to wrongful sale of the drugs in six districts of Nagpur division. We are checking the sales of all Schedule 'H' drugs that are to be sold only on doctor's prescription. Both retailers and wholesalers are expected to maintain a detailed record of the sales. We found that many MTP kits were sold either without prescription or without bill,\" joint FDA commissioner (drugs) Ashok Giri told reporters on Monday.FDA claims to be conducting sudden inspections as a proactive measure to check the illegal use of such drugs by some doctors. A serious watch is being kept in places where the sex-ratio is on the decline for a long time. FDA plans to share this information with the district and city health authorities so that they can be vigilant and keep watch on suspected doctors as well as retailers. \"We are keeping a watch on the falling sex ratio of some places. We are also trying to see if there is a correlation between the sale of drugs and the decreasing sex ratio,\" said assistant commissioner of FDA (drugs) A T Nikhade.The MTP kits generally carry two basic drugs- misoprestol and mifepristone. They carry a warning that they are to be used only under supervision of a service provider and in a medical facility as specified under the MTP Act 2002 and MTP Rules 2003. This makes it obvious that if the drugs are consumed by patient on self prescription, the chance of complications are high. \"FDA is looking at the distribution, procurement and use of the MTP medicines. No woman actually takes these pills on her own. They are taken only with support from the doctor. So doctors are definitely directly involved in the process and need to understand that they cannot continue to do so any longer,\" said Giri.Chandrapur has been found to have worst sex ratio (895 per 1000 male babies) among the six districts in division while Gadchiroli is comparatively better with a ratio 954. The figures are 937 in Gondia, 947 in Nagpur and 906 in Wardha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14404422", "title": "Rajamouli\u2019s Eega in 3D for Bollywood?", "text": "Rajamouli's graphical extravaganza \"Eega\" will be releasing in Telugu, Tamil, and Malayalam. And the fresh buzz is that the ace director is planning to release in 3D version for Bollywood. Sources close to the production house say that the director is planning to a 3d version in Bollywood , if time permits. Considering Bollywood's huge market and business, Eega could well generate great business if the film is released with suitable changes.Recently, someone suggested actor Sudeep, the main villain in Eega, that it'll be a treat to watch the film in 3D format. And the actor has put a word to the director on the same. However, Rajamouli is yet to contemplate on the idea of 3D since it is entirely a different task. Moreover, the format also requires lot of time, which might delay film's release. The taskmaster is currently finalizing the CG (Computer Graphics) shots as the film gears up for release on July 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14401424", "title": "Nine killed in Gaya road mishap", "text": "GAYA: Nine members of a marriage party were killed and one injured as a speeding Bolero carrying the 'baraatis' on their return journey dashed against a roadside tree near Panchanpur in Gaya district on Monday. The accident took place as the driver, in a hurry to reach the destination lost control over the vehicle and dashed against the tree. Those killed included the driver. All the deceased were male adults in 30-50 age group.Whereas eight marriage party members were killed on the spot, one died on way to hospital. The loan survivor of the accident has been admitted to the ANMMCH, Gaya.Reports say the driver was in a hurry to join his own brother's marriage schelued later in the day at Vishnupad temple. The killed 'baraatis' were part of a seven vehicle convoy returning from Mubarakpur village under Paraiya police station area and were heading towards their destination, Belharia village under Belaganj police station.Heart rending scenes were witnessed on ANMMCH premises when the bodies were brought for post- mortem. Celebrations replaced mourning at Belharia village. Area MLA Surendra Prasad Yadav and former MP Ramjhi Manjhi visited the hospital. Asked about the condition of the injured 'baraati', ANMMCH superitendent Dr Sita Ram said he was not in a position to say anything as he was out of headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14399737", "title": "H1N1 reported from Kottayam", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The first case of H1N1 fever from the district this year was reported on Monday. The patient, Tincy (11), from Kumarakom, has been diagnosed with H1N1, said district medical officer (DMO) Dr Ayesha Bhai.The girl is under treatment in the H1N1 cell of the district hospital here and is recovering, he said.Six cases of dengue - two cases each in Arpookkara and Ayarkunnam and one each in Pampady and Thalayolaparambu - were also reported on Monday.Seven cases of suspected dengue were also reported out of which two were from Vakathanam.The DMO cautioned the public to be alert and said that extra care should be taken to remove stagnant waste water from each one's surroundings.Four cases of suspected leptospirosis were also reported in Meenachil, Erattupetta, Kooroppada and Kadaplamattom.There was a sharp increase in the number of viral fever cases on Monday. A total of 950 people approached health centres for medical help.Five cases of chicken pox were also reported. with two cases in Ettumanoor and one each in Kadanadu, Kaduthuruthy and Kangazha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396758", "title": "Intervention plea rejected in Bol Bachchan case", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur district and sessions court has adjourned the case regarding an upcoming film Bol Bachchan till Tuesday. The court has also rejected a plea by Fox Star Studios for intervention in the case.Appu Wadhwani, who owns Heera Laxmi Amusements (HLA), a film distribution company, informed that it was their turn to file reply and they put their contentions and prayers before the court. He argued before the court that he must get back the money paid to the producers, who will be heard on Tuesday.The intervention plea which was submitted by Fox Star Studios has been denied by the court and they have been directed to file a separate case if they want their side to be heard. \"Also, because they were not a party in the original agreement, they won't be allowed to interfere here,\" Wadhwani said.Wadhwani claims to have paid Rs 1.10 crore as deposit to the producers for distribution rights for the film. He approached the judiciary to get his amount back. He has alleged that the producers did not complete formalities and instead they sent an email asking for terms which did not match with their previous agreement. He accused them of contracting with a third party without communicating the same to HLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14400622", "title": "Cartoonists in state want no lines of control over their creativity", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: At first there was only a U shape. Then followed a spectacle, nose and ears. Congress MLA V T Balram, with just four strokes of his pen, succeeded in sketching the caricature of none other than V S Achuthanandan.The leader of opposition himself sat by, closely watching the young leader developing his caricature, which on completion, portrayed the senior politician firmly placing one foot inside the curvature of the sickle and hammer, the party's symbol, and one foot outside it.Balram then titled his caricature 'Line of Control', suggesting indirectly that the CPM veteran has, himself, drawn a line of control for which Achuthanandan never forgot to pass his usual intriguing smile.The occasion was a talk organized by the Kerala Cartoon Academy, in association with the Thiruvananthapuram Press Club.Titled, 'Line of control on line of cartoons', the programme saw well known cartoonists gathering to discuss various issues and curbs faced by cartoonists in recent times.Delivering the inaugural address, Achuthanandan said that Kerala always had a mindset to view political satire as a sign of healthy society.\"From Kunjan Nambiar, who showed courage to make fun of his king, to Shankar, one of the most famous cartoonists India has ever seen, satire was always used as a form of criticism against leaders. But in recent times, cartoonists are being targeted and even the decades-old works of Shankar and Laxman are not being spared. This is not a healthy tendency and if a few religious and caste outfits can ensure that cartoons are prevented from getting published, then we are heading towards a not-so-democratic future,\" the CPM leader said.Cartoonist Toms, who pointed out that Achuthanandan always maintained a positive attitude towards cartoons, said that the politician belong to those rare individuals who appreciate a work of art.Recollecting his fight against court cases after a former chief minister filed a judicial case against him, Toms said that very few politicians have the tolerance level of Achuthanandan.Balram, who promised to take efforts for setting up a cartoon museum, also declared that he would fight to thwart efforts to suppress works of political satire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14387569", "title": "I don\u2019t mind playing a pregnant woman: Avika Gor", "text": "Avika Gor \u2014 who became a sensation on Balika Vadhu as the little Anandi four years ago \u2014 is now seen playing a married woman in Sasural Simar Ka.While many feel that the transformation from a child to a woman has been rapid, Avika says it's a part of her job. Excerpts...Don't you feel you've aged too fast on screen? I feel lucky to have got the opportunity. I like wearing saris in real life and the feedback from the viewers has been overwhelming. I am an actor first and I like to take challenges. Didn't Amitabh Bachchan play the role of a 10-year-old child and Vidya Balan played his mother though she isn't a mommy in real life? Again, my character Roli is a teenager and had to marry against her wish because of circumstances.Will you play a pregnant lady if the situation demands it? The sketch and graph of my character is pre-decided. I don't see anything like that happening. Still, if I have to think hypothetically, I don't mind playing a pregnant woman if the character demands it.Since you're still not 18, one may not be able to explore your character of a bahu? It's true but when they had offered me the role, they knew my age and the character was written keeping that in mind. I turn 15 next month. Incidentally, my previous show had to take a leap because there were some scenes that weren't appropriate for me to do.How comfortable were you sharing a bed with your male co-actor on the show? How does it matter? We as actors are supposed to act. My co-star Manish Raisinghani and I are great friends off screen and do a lot of masti, so it doesn't feel awkward at all. Yes, I believe that if my co-actor wasn't my friend, such scenes would have made me a little uncomfortable.You are in your 10th standard which is an important year for you as a student. Don't you think you should go easy on acting now? If a student is passionate about cricket, he doesn't stop playing the game just because he is in his 10th standard. I love acting and go to the sets after school gets over. I go for tuitions early morning before my school begins and study on the sets. My mother takes care of that department and ensures that I complete my syllabus on time.You aspire to do movies. What if you are asked to wear revealing clothes which seems to be the order of the day? I haven't been offered anything like that as yet. But if the story demands it and is inevitable, I don't mind wearing revealing clothes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14405001", "title": "Separatist-sponsored strike disrupts normal life in Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: Life across Kashmir was disrupted today due to a strike called by separatists over gutting of the 200-year-old Dastageer Sahib shrine in Khanyar area of the city.Schools, colleges, offices, shops and other commercial establishments were closed due to the strike called by almost all separatist groups including both factions of Hurriyat Conference and JKLF.Public transport was off the roads across the Valley while few private vehicles could be seen on roads. Attendance in government offices was thin as employees could not make it to their duty places due to lack of transport facilities.Work in courts was also affected as Kashmir High Court Bar Association, the representative body of lawyers, has also called for a one-day strike.The separatist called for the one-day strike over the destruction of Dastageer Sahib shrine in a fire yesterday. They also demanded an impartial probe into the incident.The state government has ordered a probe by Divisional Commissioner, Kashmir, into the incident and also announced that the shrine will be reconstructed as per the old design.The old city area witnessed violent protests yesterday after the blaze gutted the shrine and adjacent mosque. More than 50 persons including a dozen policemen were injured in the clashes.Official sources said concertina wires have been used at many places to prevent people from pouring on the streets.Additional policemen and CRPF personnel have been deployed in the old city and other vulnerable areas of the city like Maisuma to maintain law and order, the sources said.Though eye witnesses said restrictions have been imposed on the movement of people, a police spokesman said there were no restriction anywhere in the Valley but additional forces have been deployed to maintain law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14403903", "title": "Yevadu's next schedule from June 28", "text": "The new schedule of mega power star Ram Charan's forthcoming action thriller \"Yevadu\" will commence from June 28. According to production hands, Charan will be shooting for \"Yevadu' new schedule in Hyderabad for a fortnight before proceeding to Bollywood remake \"Zanjeer\". The actor took a break for a couple of weeks for his marriage and now he's back in action. He's currently working for VV Vinayak's movie and is expected to join Yevadu team in a couple of days.Allu Arjun is playing a cameo in this film, directed by Vamsi Paidipally and produced by Dil Raju. Samantha and Amy Jackson are playing the leading ladies while Scarlett Wilson will feature in an item number. Devi Sri Prasad is composing tunes for this film, which is slated for January release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14400843", "title": "Heat stroke kills 5 in 24 hours in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: In the past 24 hours, five persons died due to heat stroke in the city. The post-mortem reports have confirmed the cause of death, said police.The viscera of the victims have been sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory in Madhuban for further examination.Two of the bodies have been handed over to the family of the victims after postmortem, while the others have been kept in the mortuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396444", "title": "Crime branch wants Jundal for 26/11, ATS for German bakery blasts", "text": "MUMBAI: Zabihuddin Ansari alias Zaby alias Abu Jundal's custody is being sought both by the Mumbai crime branch and the Anti-Terrorism Squad.While the Mumbai crime branch has already obtained a production warrant from a city court for Zaby's custody to ascertain his role in the 26/11 attacks, the ATS is preparing for a transfer warrant to take him into custody in Pune's German Bakery blasts, the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul and several forgery cases.On Monday, Ujjwal Nikam, special public prosecutor during Pakistani gunman Ajmal Kasab's trial and 26/11 investigating officer Ramesh Mahale moved a metropolitan magistrate, seeking that Jindal should be produced in a Mumbai court. Zaby is believed to have guided and controlled the terrorists at Nariman House from a Karachi control room throughout the night of November 27, 2008. \"When the terror attack in Nariman House was in progress, Abu Jundal gave instructions to the attackers on phone and his conversation was intercepted by Mumbai police. The transcripts are on record. Jundal told the attackers that they should talk to the electronic media in a particular manner,\" Nikam told the court. Jundal gave the attackers a certain text to be given to electronic channels. His intention was to show that 26/11 was masterminded by Indian Muslims and not Pakistani terrorists, but it was foiled by Kasab's arrest.Nikam further added that Kasab had told the special trial judge that Jundal was in a Pakistani vessel, al-Husseni, with the 10 attackers and three other Pakistanis when they hijacked the Indian vessel Kuber. After the 10 terrorists boarded Kuber, Jundal wished them success for their mission and returned to Pakistan on the al-Husseini. Nikam added that the voice on the intercepted phone call has to be matched by a scientific spectrograph test with voice samples which will have to be taken from Jundal, hence his custody was necessary.Armed with the production warrant issued by the magistrate, a Mumbai police team will now go to Delhi to seek Jundal's custody and bring him here to stand trial. Jundal is the first Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) operative to be arrested after Kasab.Zaby, 31, first came under the police scanner in 2006. \"We had specific information that a person (Zaby) would come near the Manmad-Chandavad highway on May 6, 2006, with a huge consignment of arms and ammunition. We spotted three men in a Tata Sumo and an Indica driven by a man. We chased the two vehicles towards Aurangabad highway and caught the trio in the Sumo, but the man in the Indica gave us a slip. He later turned out to be Zaby, the main player in transporting the arms,\" said an ATS officer who was part of the operation.The ATS arrested 21 men- six from Beed district, five from Malegaon, five at Aurangabad, two in Parbhani district and three from other places. \"Zaby drove the Indica to Malegaon and met some acquaintances there. He told them he needed to park his car for a few days as he was going to meet a relative. The car was packed with arms,\" said police. Police had seized 43kg of RDX, 50 hand grenades, 16 AK-47 rifles and 3,200 live bullets. The suspects are facing trial under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA). The trial was stayed for two-and-a-half years after an accused challenged the constitutional validity of certain provisions of MCOCA, but resumed in June 2009. The ATS disposed of the seized explosives on July 7, 2006.Zaby, say police, underwent training in operating firearms and explosives in late 2005 or 2006. \"We don't know when exactly he went for training. But on his return, he sent around half-a-dozen youths from Maharashtra to Pakistan's Muridke camp for training,\" said an officer.\"Zaby attended a meeting in a Colombo hotel where Indian Mujahideen operative Yasin Bhatkal and suspected key SIMI players like Fayyaz Kagzi and others were present. In the meeting, it was decided that Zaby would pass on LeT instructions to the Bhatkal group. Now that Zaby has been arrested, his interrogation will unravel several sensitive cases,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "the country's youngest chief minister has just done 100 days in office. in this time, akhilesh yadav has kept a very low profile. was this because he has been overshadowed by his father mulayam singh yadav and his band of followers? or, is it that akhilesh has been busy working out things for the country's biggest state and has a few surprises up his sleeves? akhilesh insisted it's the latter when pravin kumar , ashish tripathi &amp; swati mathur met him in his lucknow residence for a 120-minute free-wheeling interview. excerpts", "code": "14397593", "title": "The final call is always mine, Akhilesh Yadav says in interview with TOI", "text": "The country's youngest chief minister has just done 100 days in office. In this time, Akhilesh Yadav has kept a very low profile. Was this because he has been overshadowed by his father Mulayam Singh Yadav and his band of followers? Or, is it that Akhilesh has been busy working out things for the country's biggest state and has a few surprises up his sleeves? Akhilesh insisted it's the latter when Pravin Kumar , Ashish Tripathi &amp; Swati Mathur met him in his Lucknow residence for a 120-minute free-wheeling interview. Excerpts:In the 100 days since you have been in office, how has life changed for you? What do you miss the most?Freedom. All kinds of freedom. In life and in politics, one has to take this in one's stride. During the election campaign, when we travelled on board the Kranti Rath, there were days when we toured continuously for over 10 days together. That is part of this profession. It is difficult. It is no longer possible to enjoy spare time with your family, and for yourself. Somewhere, you have to call for a compromise. Anyway, politicians are not supposed to go on a holiday (smiles when told Rahul Gandhi had just had one). As far as spending time with my children is concerned, birthdays and important events are still celebrated together, wherever I am. Someone told me there was no celebration of any kind in the CM's bungalow for the past 10-15 years, so I hosted a big party on June 1, to celebrate my twins --Tina and Arjun's -- birthday. What would you think has been your biggest challenge in UP?Uttar Pradesh is a very big state. So the problems are immense. Take the power crisis, for instance. Hundred days are not enough to address this problem. Even if i want to set up solar power plants in the state, it will not be possible to show results in 90 days. I am happy about the fact that the people of UP realise that the energy crisis is a result of the previous regime's inefficient handling of the situation. We can't do away with the baggage we have carried forward, but we can certainly assure people that we will make improvements. If the previous government had done something, it would have been easier for us to set things right. For instance, take the condition of transformers that have been bought. Cheap quality transformers were purchased; the parameters on which meters were bought was also compromised. Who can be held responsible for it now. The problem is in the production and the distribution. In addition, our plant load factor is poor, at 50-60%. In distribution also, we lose nearly 40-50%. Poor equipment have been bought. An officer told me good quality equipment was not bought because it was too expensive. I argued that the cheaper equipment doesn't last even a week. If you buy good equipment from outside, the local vendors in Lucknow and Ghaziabad will be forced to improve their standards in order to compete. If they can't catch up, they will be forced to do something else.Isn't that the tyranny of L1. Every government faces that. In a big to find the lowest bidder, quality gets compromised.We have to sort it out if the situation has to be improved. The procedures have to be followed; so there is no escaping the bidding and tendering process, but quality has to be maintained. If transformers in Lucknow blow up, new ones are being brought in from Faizabad. What will you do when they fail in Faizabad? There, the people simply end up saying the previous government and this one have both been inefficient. So something has to be done. A standard has to be developed.The power crisis cannot be turned around overnight, but what about the law and order situation in the state? It has become a discussion point, and it is not helping the Samajwadi government's image.I do agree with you. And we also face these question from the opposition. But tell me an example where an incident occurs and the Samajwadi government has not taken action, or taken incorrect action. In some cases, we accept we have made mistakes. There have been reports of lekhpals and the police accepting money. Just the other day a newspaper published picture of police personnel are found asleep while on duty. There is a lot of work that we need to do. There is no doubt the law and order situation needs to be improved. At the same time, we also need to improve the conditions in which the police officers in the state are working. For instance, the first time I went to one programme, I saw that barricades were placed till the stage I was to be on. Roads were washed and the police officers were in place nearly four hours in advance, to show their respect to me. I did away with all the unnecessary protocol which was a part of the former regime ('purana raj-kaaj abhi bhi chal raha tha).During the election campaign, you managed to keep people like DP Yadav at bay. After coming to power, however, you have inducted someone like Raja Bhaiyya, whose image, at least, is tainted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14399183", "title": "On-the-spot document check to hasten UID process", "text": "NASHIK: While the work of preparing of unique identification number (UID) or Adhaar cards, was terribly slow during its first phase in Nashik, the administration expects it be speedier in phase-II, scheduled to begin next week, largely because the task of document scanning has been eliminated from the process.The phase-I of 12-digit Adhaar was terribly slow with only 2,98,535 citizens registered with the administration out of the possible 41,21,900 citizens in the district in Phase I (less 7.25%) per cent of the population had got the UID\"There were problems over the the machines and agencies during the first phase. However, in the second phase the state has awarded the contract to three agencies in the district for rural areas only. Since the document scanning process has been eliminated, one may see the things moving at a faster pace,\" a collectorate official said .According to government orders, agencies who were handed the job will not have to waste time scanning applicants' documents of the applicants then and there. Instead the administration will appoint verifiers at the centres who will verify the documents of the applicants and ink their signatures as they come in to register themselves.\"Since our officers will verify documents scanning activity can now be conducted at the back-end. This will save at least 20 minutes per applicant, whereas formerly we only saw 20 applications being processed in a day,\" the official said.In rural areas 38,23,365 citizens are scheduled to get enrolled and three agencies have been appointed for the process. Glodin Computers has been awarded the contract for UID in Nashik, Dindori, Kalwan, Baglan and Devla tehsils, while Tech Smart will carry out the job for the central government in Peth, Trimbakeshwar, Igatpuri, Niphad, Sinnar tehsils. Similarly, Karvi Group has been handed over the job in Malegaon, Nandgaon, Chandwad, Yeola tehsils, the sources said.Of these Karvi Group is expected to begin its job within next five days while the other companies are expected to start their work within the next 15 to 20 days, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14401507", "title": "3,493 college teachers to be appointed", "text": "PATNA: Decks have been cleared for filling 3,493 vacant posts of teachers and associate professors in constituent colleges of the nine universities of the state after the completion of rationalization process that fixed the number of teachers in proportion to students. The nine universities have 10,008 sanctioned posts. The state cabinet on Monday gave its nod for starting the appointment process.Cabinet secretariat department principal secretary Ravi Kant said only 6,515 teachers were on job in various constituent colleges in 2011-12 against overall 10,008 sanctioned posts after completion of the rationalization process in the universities concerned. However, after the retirement of teachers in 2011-12, 3,493 posts of teachers and associate teachers fell vacant to be filled through a due process that would start in due course, said Ravi Kant.Patna University has 590 sanctioned posts, B N Mandal University 1,024, B R Ambedkar Bihar University 1,580, Jayaprakash Narayan University (Chhapra) 715, L N Mithila University 1,619, Magadh University 2,187, Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University 1,161, Veer Kuer Singh University (Ara) 861, and Kameshwar Singh Sanskrit University (Darbhanga) 271.The cabinet also approved the amendment to the rules to regulate the leave period as per service conditions of teachers and librarians appointed in middle and high schools by Zila Parishad, as well as of teachers and librarians appointed by urban local bodies in middle and high schools. The cabinet, accordingly, approved the number of casual, medical and extraordinary leaves for such teachers and librarians, apart from maternity and special leaves for women teachers.Ravi Kant said teachers and librarians appointed in middle and high schools by Zila Parishad would get 16 days of casual leave while women teachers and librarians would avail maternity leave of 135 days. They would get medical leave of 20 days in a calendar year. But that could not be accumulated beyond 90 days. Besides, women teachers and librarians would also get special leave of two days every month, which would be sanctioned by principal of the school. Teachers and librarians would also get extraordinary leave of only 30 days in a year.The cabinet approved the government decision to increase taxes on tobacco and tobacco products from 13.5% to 20%. It also approved the government decision to exempt jhadoo, kajal, mehndi, makhana, sewai, singhara (dry) and flour of singhara from value added tax (VAT). The VAT on makhana used to yield Rs 40 lakh annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14400036", "title": "'Gangs of Wasseypur' numbers a hit among Bihari population", "text": "RANCHI: 'Gangs of Wasseypur' is one film which people of Jharkhand have been able to indentify themselves with thanks to the places like Girdih, Dhanbad, Gumla and Chatra that find mention in it. The songs, though, are much more popular than the film itself, particularly, among the Bihari population settled in the state.The reason behind this is a hint of Bihari folk music in each of the 14 songs in the movie. \" Jiya ho bihar ke lala\" is the song with which well known Bhojpuri singer Manoj Tiwari made a debut in Bollywood music and, thus, has become popular among his fans. This feet tapping, fun-filled number has become all the more popular thanks to the lyric 'Tani auka bauka teen tadoka, tani chandan maati chauka kaathi'.As Ashok Gope, a music lover, explained: \"Auka bauka is a game played by every kid born and brought up in Bihar and Jharkhand and develops a feeling of affinity among the local listeners.\"The number \"womania\" gives the taste of traditional wedding songs of Bihar and Mithila in which the families of bride and groom abuse each other in form of songs. \"It reminded me of the song that we sang for the bridegroom and his family on my sister's wedding. The lyrics like 'chahe muhjhaunsa jab haath sekaniya, kandha me de nahi ji daant ghusaniya' and the use of words like 'babuna', 'babuniya' and 'kaniya' gives the desi wedding feel\", said Madhuri Devi, a 45-year-old housewife.The high pitched voices of Rekha Jha and Khushboo Raaj, local singers of Patna and Varanasi, make the song livelier and adds to the desi touch.The number \"taan taan to to ti ti ti ti taan\" which is not exactly a song but more of Bihari music in a modern avatar with some gibberish lyrics like 'taan taan to to' and 'ka ka ku ku' as a support. This is an experiment by music directors Sneha Khanwalkar and Piyush Mishra and seems to be a hit, too.The English number \"hunter\" also has a tinge of Bihar folk music and is the most popular among the youths. Arpit, 25-year-old, said, \"It is a lazy but very catchy song and maybe the biggest double meaning songto come out of Bollywood after the legendry number 'Choli ke peeche kya hai' from the movie 'Khalnayak'.\"The other numbers in \" Gangs of Wasseypur\" that have gained popularity are 'Keh ke loonga', 'Manmauji' and 'Bhaiya'.\"The audio CD is not yet available in the city but almost 40-50 customers are coming to my store everyday looking for them,\" said Manish Gupta, owner of a music store here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14395862", "title": "CBI files a 'secret memo' seeking NBW against Shravan Gupta", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI that is investigating Emaar scam case on Monday filed a memo in the CBI court seeking a fresh non-bailable warrant (NBW) against Shravan Gupta, the MD of Emaar- MGF company who is currently in a London hospital following an ailment.Dil Jit Singh Ahluwalia, the counsel for Gupta, filed a petition opposing the CBI move immediately after coming to know about the CBI's plea. It is unfair on the part of the probe agency to file this plea in a secret manner when the matter was posted to July 3 for a hearing, he said. Earlier when the matter came up for hearing the probe agency sought a fresh NBW and the judge declined to issue the same in view of Gupta's readiness to submit himself to the ongoing legal process. We were even ready for the interrogation by the agency for five days, he said. It was only after hearing our version the court declined to issue a fresh warrant and posted our petition (that sought recall of the earlier NBW) to July 3 for hearing, Dil Jit Singh said.When matters stood thus, CBI is now prematurely seeking a fresh warrant even without serving us a copy of their application, Dil Jit said and wanted the court to direct the probe agency not to file any written or oral plea before the court without informing them and without offering them an opportunity of being heard. The court posted the matter to June 28 for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14400479", "title": "Goldsmith flees with Rs 5L gold", "text": "LUDHIANA: Acting on a complaint by Palace Jeweller of College Road, cops at Division No. 8 police station filed a case against a goldsmith for allegedly fleeing with gold and the machine used to make ornaments. Additional SHO Navreet Singh Virk said, \"Palace Jeweller had given a shop on rent to Manoranjan, who belongs to West Bengal.He used to make ornaments for many jewellers. Complainant Saurabh Jain said they had given gold worth Rs 5 lakh for making ornaments and were not in city when the accused fled with it. A case has been registered.\" During preliminary investigation, police across other jewellers of the area who also accused Manoranjan of absconding with their gold. The accused had reportedly been working in the city for the past 12 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14399106", "title": "Bengal bailout package after presidential polls?", "text": "KOLKATA: Their differences over the presidential polls notwithstanding, Congress chairperson Sonia Gandhi is not keen on burning her bridges with Mamata Banerjee yet. With Prime Minister Manmohan Singh set to take over the reins of the finance ministry after Pranab Mukherjee's resignation on Tuesday, Bengal could get a cash-centric package once the presidential polls are over.This way, Mamata too would be proved right about her accusations that a \"Bengali Pranab-babu\" had done precious little for debt-stressed Bengal.However, the catch in the plan is that a cash-centric package may not be enough to satisfy Mamata. The chief minister wants \"untied funds\" or money that is not tied to any project and so can be used to fund her government's burgeoning non-plan expenditure - salary, pension etc.Sources said amid the ruckus over supporting the Union finance minister for the presidential elections, which has led to fresh tension between the two UPA partners, communications have been going on between the Writers' and the North Block. The moot point, they said, was untied funds. The CM's argument for a moratorium on loan repayment is not tenable, officials at the Union department of expenditure (DoE) have apparently confirmed. But at the UPA chairperson's insistence, ways are being chalked out to rush a cash package to Mamata. The ad-hoc funds could run into thousands, they said.The Bengal chief minister has again made it more than clear to the Centre that scheme-based funds, like the Rs 8,000-crore Backward Regions Grand Fund (BRGF) allocated last year which had to be spent for the 11 backward districts is of no use to her. Much as Mamata had devised ways to accommodate health, drinking water and educational schemes under the BRGF head, but the special package has hardly helped. Unconfirmed sources also hinted at the compulsive diversification of f plan funds on non-plan expenditure like salaries and pension.The Bengal government has reiterated to North Block what it has been demanding ever since Mamata came to power a year back. Its debt of Rs 2.08 lakh crore, the interest payments for which translates into an annual outgo of around Rs 22,000 crore.that translated in to an annual outgo of around Rs 22,000 crore in interest payments.Now, officials said the CM may have to settle for special package, after all, with the Centre conceding to her insistence for untied funds as opposed to scheme-specific ones. Officials are guessing that the Centre may follow the compensatory formula to allocate untied funds, which would be flexible in nature.Another group of officials argued that even funds of compensatory nature could be contested by other states as in the case of moratorium, and chief ministers of states like the debt-laden Uttar Pradesh could accuse the UPA of being partial to its biggest ally, the Trinamool Congress . Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh has already demanded an economic package for UP, on the pretext of the misrule of the previous ( Mayawati ) government.Even then, Sonia Gandhi may play the \"friend card\" with Mamata. This way, she might be sending out a message that with Pranab-babu, who has often sworn on impartiality, away, the UPA was in a better position to accommodate Mamata's plea.In a public display of toughness, the feisty Bengal CM had time and again criticized the finance minister of not doing enough to bail out the bankrupt West Bengal , and had complained of inordinate delay in release of central funds. Mukherjee has once to assuaged her twin grouses at Rajya Sabha, sating, he had equal responsibility towards 28 states and couldn't do anything that went against the federal system.A cash-centric package for Bengal may not be enough to please chief minister Mamata Banerjee. The CM wants an \"untied fund\" - a fund not tied to any project and can be used to run the increasing non-plan expenditure - salary, pension etc.Congress chairperson Sonia Gandhi, it seems, is not keen on burning the bridges with her crucial ally and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is believed to be wrapping up a cash-centric package for Bengal, which could be announced once the presidential elections are over.This way, sources said, Mamata too would be proved right about her charges against the \"Bengali Pranab-babu\" who, she says, has done precious little for the debt-stressed state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398593", "title": "People want parking policy but oppose fee in colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the transport department sought views on a hike in parking rates, most people seemed to agree that a \"proper\" parking policy was needed. And while many have suggested various ways of implementing the hike, an overwhelming majority has apparently shot down the special task force's (STF) recommendation for parking policy in residential areas. This was revealed at a meeting of the STF on Monday.The recommendations had been made by the court-appointed STF for traffic on a draft parking policy. The STF had proposed a peak-hour rate of Rs 50 for three hours, while the charge for the first three hours during non-peak hours was set at Rs 30. The rate proposed for every hour thereafter was Rs 50 for peak hours and Rs 20 for non-peak hours. Sources in the department said most comments indicated wariness of such a steep hike. \"The suggestions included deferential slabs for different vehicles, better management of parking lots, augmentation of public transport as well as free parking for battery-operated and electric vehicles. The final suggestion is going to be included in the draft policy,\" said an official.The recommendation for parking charges in residential areas got a thumbs down from the public. Said Sunita Narain, a member of the STF and noted environmentalist, \"We are now looking at engaging RWAs in this project. Perhaps a broader consensus can then be achieved.\" Monday's meeting is going to be followed by a meeting with the chief secretary of the Delhi government early next month, said officials.\"The STF also discussed setting a time frame for the hike. Once the draft policy is in place, MCD will be asked to set a timeline for implementation of the revised rates. We cannot escape a hike if we want more parking area. Space for parking on streets is fast running out,\" added Narain. She admitted that the focus is on commercial parking and that efforts would be made to keep parking free for non-motorized vehicles and para-transit like autorickshaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14395748", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation sees 300% jump in online tax payment during April-June quarter", "text": "INDORE: Sunita Nanda, a homemaker in the city, used to stand in the long queue for at least three hours to pay her taxes at the counter of the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC). Now, she finds that paying taxes is only a click away that too from home. The introduction of online tax paying facility by the IMC has made the Herculean task of the people in remitting taxes easier.\"Ever since I learned about the introduction of online tax paying facility, it has become easier for me and many other women in my colony,\" said Sunita, a resident of Saket.There are many more tax payers like Sunita Nanda, who opted the online mode of tax payment.From paying mobile bills, DTH recharge to buying books and garments, the net savvy generation of Indore are now waking up to the idea of paying online civic taxes. In the first quarter of the current fiscal, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) registered 300% growth in the number of people paying their taxes via online mainly because of the hassle free service.IMC sources said that as many as 6,148 tax payers have already utilized the online service for paying their property tax, water tax and shop rent as of now and the civic body received Rs 1.63 crore of revenue this way. The IMC expects that more than 30,000 people will remit their taxes online this financial year.Deputy commissioner of the IMC, Abhay Rajangaonkar, said, \"Everyday, around 300 people are paying tax through the online facility on civic body's website. There is a three-fold increase in the number of tax payers as compared to the corresponding period the previous year.\" He said that service has been made more convenient with the addition of 42 banks including private ones to make the tax payment.\"Last year we had the tie-up with only one bank, State Bank of India (SBI). So people, who had account with SBI were only able to pay their tax online. To extend this facility in convenient of all the tax payers, we have included almost all the banks in this service. Now people with account in any bank are able to pay their tax online,\" said Rajangaonkar.Last year, about 10,000 people had paid their tax online and Rs 2.47 crore was collected through this way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396260", "title": "Centre gives deemed universities CET freedom", "text": "CHENNAI: The Union ministry of human resources development on Monday said all deemed universities across the country will be given the option of admitting students to graduate courses based on the Centre's proposed common entrance test (CET) or their own entrance examinations.Deemed universities have been asked to give anywhere between 40% and 100% weightage to board marks for admission to graduate courses. The decision was announced after a meeting on Monday convened by HRD minister Kapil Sibal and attended by around 100 universities. Sources in the ministry said the decision will allow deemed universities to select candidates based only on board marks. Deemed universities have also been given the option of allocating up to 60% from their own entrance examinations or from the JEE-Mains, the proposed common admission test for deemed universities. The remaining weightage of 40% or more will be based on board marks.Responding to the Union ministry's announcement, S Vaidyasubramaniam, dean of planning and development, Sastra University, said the Centre had come up with a fair decision that provides optimal balance between board marks and CET scores.\"It also addresses the apprehensions of rural students as the new formula allows deemed universities and states to give 100% weightage to the board or Plus-2 marks,\" he said. \"Deemed universities should be given flexibility but through judicious application so the interests of the students and nation are kept in mind.\"The HRD ministry has also decided to form a council for deemed universities, consisting of academic experts, representatives of deemed universities and ministry officials, that will meet every month to discuss issues that will have an impact on deemed universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14400386", "title": "Striking doctors assemble in Sec 17", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Tricity doctors went on a strike against the Clinical Establishment Act on Monday. The strike was jointly called by Indian Medical Association (IMA), National Integrated Medical Association (NIMA) and Indian dental associations of the Tricity. They assembled at Sector 17 plaza to make masses aware of the difficulties medicos and patients would face if these bills were implemented. All clinics, hospitals and diagnostic centres were shut for one day. However, emergency services were provided. The government doctors supported the strike by passing resolutions and wearing black badges.Dr Ramneek Singh Bedi, president of IMA, Chandigarh, said, \"The health of citizens is the responsibility of the state, but it is being thrust on the private doctors. Their failure to recruit doctors, open new dispensaries and hospitals has led to this condition.\"Dr Rajneesh, president of NIMA, said, \"Private doctors are working in adverse conditions in colonies, slums and villages till late evening and providing affordable, neighborhood treatment. Doctors are not equipped technically and otherwise to handle all kind of emergencies.\"Dr Sanjit Singh Sodhi, secretary of IMA, Mohali, said, \"Dissolution of elected bodies like MCI, DCI and AYUSH, among others, and forming a centralized National Commission for Human Resources (NCHR) Bill in which nominated members will be forming laws regarding the medical education is not acceptable. The government should remove the disparity in salaries of junior doctors at the central grade.\"Dr Sandeep Dhawan from IMA, Panchkula, said, \"Doctors are against the abridged course of three years under Bachelor of Rural Health Care (BRHC). When animals are treated in villages by veterinary doctors with a five-year course, how can human beings in villages be treated by these doctors with short courses.\"Dr Gautam Munjan, president of Chandigarh Dental Association, said the common entrance test was unfair as there was vast regional disparity in the country. \"The entry and exit tests will be an additional burden on the medical fraternity and is unnecessary,\" he added.Dr Neeraj Nagpal of IMA, Chandigarh, said the binding on doctors that they could not practice any other vocation was ridiculous. There was no provision of appeal in courts against the Clinical Establishment Act. A memorandum will be presented to the UT director health services in support of their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14395784", "title": "Six youths booked for abducting coaching centre owner from Jabalpur", "text": "INDORE: The city police on Monday have registered a case against six youths, who allegedly abducted a 28-year-old man of Jabalpur to Ujjain and kept him captivity before releasing him after taking ransom.Police said that the victim identified as Sidharth Agrawal runs a coaching centre in Jabalpur. Based on the complaint of Sidharth, the Lasudia police registered a case against Abhishek, Akash, Bunti, Nanu, Sanjay and Gabbu on charges of abduction and taking ransom.The incident took place when Sidharth came in touch with one of the accused, Abhishek of Indore, through a relative. They decided to help students get admission in good institutes. Abhishek allegedly took money from Sidharth on the pretext of helping students get admission under the NRI quota. When Sidharth noticed that Abhishek was not working as they planned, he asked Abhishek to return the money.After dilly dallying for long, Abhishek called the victim to Indore. According to police, the victim reached Indore on June 20. Both of them reportedly fought over the issue and Abhishek with the help of his accomplices abducted him sit in a car to Ujjain, said police.Sources said that the victim was kept in captivity somewhere in Ujjain and was released him after a ransom of Rs 7 lakh was paid to the accused. Sources added that the accused demanded for Rs 2 lakh more from the victim for his release.According to the complainant, the accused had allegedly locked him in a room and also beat him up. Meanwhile, Sidharth managed to call his friend in Bhopal , Manoj Saxena, under the pretext of asking Rs 2 lakh from him. He informed his pal about the abduction. Saxena in turn reported the matter to Hanumantganj police and lodged a complaint in this regard.Police booked all the accused under Sections 365, 386, 343 and 34 of the IPC.CSP Amrendra Singh said that accused are yet to be arrested and the actual incident would come to the fore only after their arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14399023", "title": "Medical student dies in accident at Bambolim", "text": "PANAJI: Medical student Kumar Sunderam succumbed to injuries sustained in an accident when he was crossing the road near the main gate of the military camp at Bambolim on Sunday nightThe police said that the mishap occurred when Sunderam, who is a native of Bihar, was crossing the national highway (NH 17) to go to the GMC student hostel. The student was knocked down by a car which was proceeding to Margao.The driver of the vehicle, 29-year-old Azim Sheikh, immediately stopped his vehicle and rushed to aid of the victim.With his family members, he put the pedestrian in the car and rushed him to the Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMC). Sunderam was admitted to the hospital but soon succumbed to his injuries. A medico legal case was registered by the police.Sheikh's car was attached and he was arrested for rash and negligent driving. A case under Section 279 and Section 304A of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) was registered against Sheikh who is a resident of Chandrawada, Fatorda. He was later released on bail. Police inspector Shivram Vaigankar is investigating the case.The police said Sunderam was a third year MBBS student at GMC from Bihar and had come to answer his supplementary exam. The police said it was not a hit-and-run case as the driver immediately stopped his vehicle and went to help the pedestrian victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396754", "title": "Take leave only after permission: State Election Commission", "text": "LUCKNOW: The State Election Commission in a circular issued to all divisional commissioners, district magistrates, DIGs, SSPs and SPs of all districts said that it has come to the notice of the commission that after completion of the first phase of the local bodies elections, some of these officials, without taking prior permission of the State Election Commissions and without valid reasons, had left their headquarters.The circular said that three more phases of elections have to be completed within the next 8-10 days and therefore it is the responsibility of the commission and these officials both have to play an important role in ensuring free, fair, transparent and peaceful polling and counting of votes.\"The process of election is in a critical phase and a slight carelessness on the part of officials could derail the election process. These officials are requested not to leave their headquarters, and if it becomes necessary due to some unavoidable reasons, then they must obtain the election commission's permission. If due to some reasons, taking prior permission of the commission is not possible then as an alternative they should at least inform the additional election commissioner or the joint election commissioner about the same,\" the circular said.Meanwhile, the state election commission through a video conferencing held with senior district and police officials on Monday has issued some directives to district election officers. The district election officers have been asked to ensure distribution of voters' slips before the date of polling. They have also been directed to ban sale of liquor 48 hours before polling date and get sealed all liquor shops and godowns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14405348", "title": "'Maximum' follows real-life characters", "text": "Though there have been whispers galore of encounter-cop Pradeep Sharma being the hero of the new cops film Maximum, we now have it from a source extremely close to the film that Sonu Sood's character is based completely on Sharma and that in fact Sood and the Maximum director Kabir Kaushik have taken Sharma fully into confidence to get the details from the real-life 'encounter' cop's story right.But what's really a whammy of a revelation is that there's a character in Maximum based on a very hot and sizzling actress who shot to super stardom in the 1990s with a Ram Gopal Varma musical .Says our source, \"Yes, there is definitely a lot about the film industry in the film. Anjana Sukhani plays Urvashi a hot sizzling actress of the 1990s and 2000s based very obviously on a leading heroine of the 1990 and 2000s. The likeness is unmistakable. Anjana is shown to be this enormously classy dancer-actress who has a seductive and sensuous image on screen but is a very simple homely Maharashtrian girl when the makeup is off.\"When asked about her character in Maximum, Anjana Sukhani said, \"I don't know who my character is based on. But yes. I play an actress named Urvashi.\"Continues our source, \"It's all very classily done. But the film's makers are shy of any mention of the Matondkar factor regarding their film. They want to avoid talking about all the real-life characters from Bollywood , the law enforcement agencies and politics who show up in Maximum, although it's obvious who the real-life parallels are. To take another example, Vinay Pathak plays a politician based on Kripa Shankar Singh. Naseeruddin Shah plays Vijay Salaskar, the encounter cop who was killed in the 26/11 terror attacks on Mumbai.\"As for the overt and unmistakable Pradeep Sharma factor, Sonu Sood secretly spent substantial chunks of time getting to understand the mind behind Mumbai's 112 'encounter' killings. Says our source, \"Pradeep Sharma is a very integral part of the film. But so many real-life encounter-cops have been put on screen in the past few years, Mr Sharma opted to remain behind the scenes supervising the factual detailing without coming out in the open.\"When asked about the real-life parallels in Maximum, both Sonu Sood and director Kabir Kaushik refrained from comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397068", "title": "Fire department to survey govt buildings, offices in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Following the fire at Mantralaya in Mumbai, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's fire department has chalked out a plan to inspect all buildings and offices owned by the government within one month.On Monday, the divisional commissionerate, collectorate and the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) received a circular dated June 23 issued by the chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia. He has directed the divisional commissioners and collectors to hold meetings and send copies of pending proposals.A list of ministries and departments at Mantralaya has been attached with the circular. The pending proposals related to the office of CM, deputy CM, seven cabinet ministers and minister of state, chief secretary and eight departments, including urban development and revenue, have to be send again. A special officer has to be appointed at Setu office to invite and collect all proposals of citizens sent to the government.Accordingly, divisional commissioner BV Gopalla Reddy convened a meeting and directed the collector Saurabh Rao, who is also the officiating municipal commissioner, and other officials to comply with the circular. Reddy also held meetings with the NMC's fire department and PWD, and directed them to inspect all buildings and offices of the government and submit reports within a month.Chief fire officer AN Khan formed six teams, led by station officers, and has asked them to conduct inspections in three phases. The Old Secretariat, Raj Bhavan, New Secretariat, Vidhan Bhavan, High Court, district court, CM's bungalow, administrative buildings and MLA hostels will be inspected first and followed by others.Later, Rao held a meeting of head of departments and assistant commissioners of all zones at NMC. \"Inspection of all NMC buildings, 184 school buildings etc should be undertaken. Fire preventive measures should be undertaken at all offices along with inspection,\" he told them.Sources told TOI that around 55 proposals of NMC are pending in Mantralaya. \"A few are important proposals like reduction in octroi rates on few items, waiver off the bill amount above 50 units of Dharampeth Zone's consumers, disqualification of corporator Ifthikar Ashrafunisa, deletion of the green belt reservation etc,\" the source said.Meanwhile, around 15 fire extinguishers were installed at NMC's head office on Monday. But a question mark remains about measures at the under-construction new administrative building. A few offices have already started functioning from here even before the building has got a fire NOC. Even the office of the fire department is located in the same building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398410", "title": "IIT to advise on drainage plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has decided to appoint IIT Delhi as a consultant to draft the drainage master plan for the city. It will replace the 1981 plan.Delhi State Spatial Data Infrastructure and Geo Spatial Delhi Limited will provide data to IIT free of cost. These will also assist the consultant and the stakeholders in implementing the project.The decision was taken at a cabinet meeting on Monday, with chief minister Sheila Dikshit pointing out that the master plan has been in the making since 2007 and the drainage system needs an overhaul due to new colonies and unplanned growth. \"A master plan is essential as the existing system has become too old to be repaired or revived,\" Dikshit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14399611", "title": "UK college bars woman over veil", "text": "LONDON: A Muslim mother was turned away from a parents' evening at a British college as she refused to remove her full-face veil, an incident that left her feeling humiliated. Maroon Rafique, 40, was told that for the security and safety of children and teachers at the college there was a ban on any type of face coverings.She was warned that unless she removed her full-face covering, known as the niqab, she would not be allowed into the college to attend the talk important for her son's education, the Daily Mail reported.In the end, a stunned Rafique was forced to call her husband, who took her place and went with their son Awais, 18. Rafique, who is married to double-glazing firm boss Abdul, 40, and has a younger son, Ibrahim, 12, said she felt humiliated. \"I'm born in this country. Why should what I wear offend anyone?\" Rafique, who has worn the niqab for seven years, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14395884", "title": "Sabita urged to pardon ailing Sattaiah", "text": "HYDERABAD: Renowned activist and national convener of National Alliance for People's Movement (NAPM) Sandeep Pandey on Monday petitioned home minister Sabita Indra Reddy to pardon Abdul Qadeer, the 61-year-old constable sentenced to life in ACP Sattaiah murder case of 1992.Pandey told TOI that Qadeer should be pardoned on humanitarian grounds as his body is ravaged by illness and he is repentant.\"When I visited Qadeer at Gandhi Hospital I found him in a balanced state of mind. I asked him if he regretted what he did. He said he did, and said he has also paid the price for it. Though he said that he had no regrets of breathing his last in prison, he expressed a desire to spend his last days with his family. Having served his sentence and bed-ridden with illness, Qadeer should be pardoned,\" he said, adding that the home minister took his request positively.Pandey said that he had also taken up the case of the acquitted youth who were not paid compensation in the Mecca Masjid blast case with the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397142", "title": "More demand for Maharashtra board in RTE free seats", "text": "NAGPUR: The deadline for submitting application forms for admissions to the 25% free seats under the Right To Education (RTE) Act ended on Monday, with mild response to the top private schools in city. All three branches of Centre Point School received 18 applications between them while the state board affiliated Saraswati Vidyalaya received 50 applications.Sources said a branch of Bhavan's group of schools has been oversubscribed, but this could not be confirmed as school authorities did not answer calls or respond to text messages.Stakeholders in top private institutes had been concerned about how they will handle 25% extra students from this year in the existing infrastructure. Schools like Centre Point (Katol Road) and Bhavan's (Civil Lines) are already bursting at the seams when it comes seating capacity. However, the mild response has laid to rest those concerns.A management committee member of a private CBSE school said, \"The government forced us to implement RTE from this year even though our admissions are full. We would have gladly done it from 2013, but they just did not listen, anyway it is a relief to know that we won't have to stuff students in classrooms now.\"As per the data shared by schools, it seems that only Saraswati Vidyalaya will have to go for a lottery for admissions, as it has received five times more applications than seats. South Point School, which received the first application under RTE, has got its numbers perfectly matched after the time deadline for admissions. Deaven Dasture, director of South Point School, said, \"We have 34 seats available with us for which 34 applicants have come in. We have scrutinized every form before accepting it, so it is certain that all of them will get admission.\"Not all schools in the city have gone for that method, saying it makes no sense to reject applicants at the first stage. A CBSE school principal, who did not wish to be named, said, \"Most of the applicants are not ready to listen to reason while submitting forms. No one is bringing the distance certificate, saying the local authorities are not cooperating and they argue with the clerk at the counter. Hence, we decided to just accept the applications and those with discrepancies can be rejected before the list is displayed on June 28.\"Another principal added that parents who have recently admitted their students in Std I in prestigious schools have approached the school management, asking to change their admission status to 'free quota' as they come under SC/ST category. Under the RTE there is no upper financial limit for SC/ST, others however would need to produce proof that their annual income is less than Rs 1 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14399240", "title": "Satpur-Ambad internal roads likely to be under NMC", "text": "NASHIK: Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) is reportedly planning to hand over internal roads in both the Ambad and Satpur industrial areas of MIDC in the cityto Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to carry out underground drainage works.There is still no underground drainage system in both industrial estates despite industries in the are making a frequent demand for it. The issue was also raised during the last Zilla Udyog Mitra (ZUM) meeting. NMC officials at a meeting had clarified that they would undertake the drainage work in industrial areas if MIDC legally transferred the charge of the internal roads to the civic body.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Mali, president, Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), said, \"MIDC provides drainage lines to industrial estates if there are chemical plants in the area but the industries in Ambad and Satpur MIDC are auto and engineering-based and therefore did not have a drainage system. During the ZUM meeting, the NMC said that they would carry out drainage works if MIDC transferred the internal roads to NMC.\"\"We recently had meeting with the deputy CEO of MIDC, Madhukar Raje Ardad on this issue and he said that all internal roads would be transferred legally to the NMC administration and the decision to this effect would be taken at MIDC's next meeting with the state government's industrial department. Ardad has also instructed MIDC's regional officials to take the proposal to the corporation's head office,\" Mali added.A senior MIDC official from the regional office said, \"We have almost transferred almost all internal roads in Satpur and Ambad industrial estates to the NMC administration and are in the process of handing over charge for the remaining internal roads shortly. We are in the process of handing over the rest of the internal roads, shortly.\"The NMC has provided facilities like road construction, street-lights, garbage-lifting to both Satpur and Ambad MIDC. In addition to built a stormed water system for industrial areas with streetlights, garbage disposal services and a storm water drainage system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398696", "title": "Four juveniles held for trader\u2019s murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four juveniles who allegedly murdered a trader in outer Delhi were apprehended on Monday. They have been sent to rehab homes.The incident dates back to June 23 when Vinod Khatri (28), a grocery shop owner, was found dead in Narela with stab injuries on his chest, stomach and other body parts.One of the accused, who used to work at Khatri's shop, had a major argument with his employer a few days before the incident. Enraged by the insult, the boy hatched a plan to eliminate Khatri and roped in three of his friends. DCP outer B S Jaiswal, said, \"The juveniles attacked Khatri with two knives and a sickle. They were produced before the Juvenile Justice Board before being sent to rehab homes.\"In a separate case, another juvenile was apprehended for committing a robbery at a businessman's house in Janakpuri. Four people, including the businessman's servant and the juvenile were involved in it.V Renganathan, addl CP (west), said, \"The robbers struck when the businessman's daughter was alone at home.\" They knocked on the door asking for water and stabbed the woman after she resisted. \"The call details of the servant, Laxman, were scanned and his hideout was raided. The robbers were nabbed from Lodhi Colony,\" he added.Cops say that compared to last year they have witnessed a sharp rise in the number of juveniles involved in cases of kidnapping, rape and murder. Last year, around 70 juveniles had been apprehended \u2014 most involved in heinous crimes \u2014 while this year, the number had already reached around 20-25 in the first quarter of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14398898", "title": "Traffic hit on E-square flyover", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) has put up a barricade on one lane of the flyover near E-square along the Ganesh Khind road from Pune University towards Shivajinagar since small rubber pads put between concrete slabs on the road surface have become damaged at two places.Efforts are on to install new rubber pads on the road surface. The space between two slabs admeasures about two inches. The damage to the rubber pads has occurred at two places - the first at the start of the flyover and the second when the vehicles are descending.The flyover, which was built by the MSRDC, has been given to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) for routine maintenance. The PMC informed the MSRDC on Saturday that the rubber pads had become damaged due to continuous plying of vehicles. The MSRDC, in turn, sent a letter to the construction company which built the flyover asking them to carry out the repairs.The MSRDC officials said the defect liability period of the flyover is not yet over, since the construction of the flyover was completed only five years back. Officials of the MSRDC as well as that of the construction company would be undertaking a joint inspection of the flyover on Tuesday.There is no structural defect in the flyover. The rubber padding between two concrete slabs is installed as the concrete expands during heat. The damage to the rubber pads has occurred due to continuous movement of vehicles. While four-wheeler users are not much at risk, two-wheeler riders need to take precaution, MSRDC officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14400975", "title": "70-yr-old woman\u2019s killers held", "text": "BANGALORE: Almost a year after a 70-year-old woman was murdered in her house in Subbanna Garden near Vijayanagar, police have cracked the case with the arrest of three youths.The culprits, Manjunath, 22, of Ramanagaram, Nanjunda, 26, of Ganjam and Ajay, 28, of Palalli, both from Srirangapatna taluk in Mandya district, were flower decorators who sought wedding contracts. They learnt from an agent that Anandamma was living with Chandramma, 65, and the duo had no support in Subbanna Garden. They then decided to rob the aged women. \"On July 29, 2011, the trio went to Anandamma's house on the pretext of looking for rented accommodation. But once inside, the trio pushed aside Anandamma, whose head hit the wall and she died of shock. They tied Chandramma's hands and legs and left her in the house. They fled with gold jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh,\" DCP (West) SN Sidramappa told TOI.Ajay, who had criminal antecedents and was arrested by Srirangapatna police for some other crime, spilled the beans on Anandamma's murder.Vijaynagar police took the three men into custody and on Monday, produced them before a court,which remanded them to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14397136", "title": "Railways to double tracks by 2014 LINE", "text": "BANGALORE: The Railways will complete doubling of tracks between Bangalore and Mysore by 2014. Announcing this, Union minister of state for railways KH Muniyappa said there were land acquisition hurdles which were resolved.\"This route has become busier by the day. At present, around 25,000 people travel between these two cities by train on a daily basis,\" he said.A total of 138 km of track has to be doubled and is sanctioned in three phases - Bangalore to Kengeri (12km), Kengeri to Ramnagaram (32 km) and Ramnagaram to Mysore (94 km). Although these works were sanctioned between 2003 and 2008, work never started because of right of way issues in Mandya. Muniyappa said the work is going on full swing. \"Fifty acres of land has to be acquired in Mandya district. The work was supposed to be complete by 2011. The delay is attributed to land issues,\" he said.He also said that shortage of funds from the ministry of railways is a reason why multiple rail projects are yet to be taken up in the state. He said that when the SWR requires Rs 210 crore for works related to the state, they get only Rs30 crores as funds. Last year the SWR was sanctioned Rs60 crore only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14396414", "title": "Cops look at peace march footage", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are examining the video footage of a peace march organized against \"moral policing\" on Carter Road on Sunday, to identify those who had participated in it. The police had registered two separate cases against the protesters under the Bombay Police Act at Khar and the Bandra police station. The police said they will send summons to the protesters after establishing their identity for their statements.It is a bailable offence. On Sunday, around 200 citizens protested against ACP Vasant Dhoble for \"harassing\" the innocent at restaurants, bar and pubs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14404830", "title": "Indo-Pak foreign minister-level talks postponed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indo-Pak foreign ministers' meeting, which was scheduled in July, has been postponed since the dates were clashing with the presidential poll here.According to official sources, Pakistan wanted to hold the meeting on July 19 which was not convenient to the Indian side in view of the presidential poll on that date.The new dates are being worked out at the convenience of both sides and the meeting is likely to happen in August, the sources said.External affairs minister S M Krishna was meant to travel to Islamabad on July 17-18 to hold talks with his Pakistani counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar after the foreign secretaries of the two countries met in Delhi.The Indo-Pak dialogue, which was stalled following the Mumbai terror attack in November 2008, resumed last year with both sides holding a series of meetings on the eight components under the 'Composite Dialogue' format, including terrorism, Kashmir, Siachen, Sir Creek and Trade.The two countries have already had four segments including terrorism, trade and water in the past few months with two more -on Siachen and Sir Creek- slated for this month as part of the second round of talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14405317", "title": "MindTree betting big on existing clients", "text": "BANGALORE: Mid-sized international IT company MindTree has sharpened its focus on existing clients and increased their share of wallet spends by cross-selling services. The company's revenue grew 9.2% CAGR over the last 4 quarters, said a report by brokerage firm Prabhudas Lilladher. The IT firm's strategy to focus on specific verticals and leverage on domain expertise has paid off, say analysts tracking the sector. MindTree grew its client base to 64 in the last financial year.The firm recently hired Greg Blount, senior VP and head of US strategic accounts to focus on large deals over $25 mn. The brokerage firm said the IT firm is expected to deliver 14% growth in dollar terms led by strong growth in IT services and single-digit growth in product engineering services (PES). \"The focused approach to mine few clients and win large deals would help MTCL to deliver growth ahead of industry. Renewed focus on core-business has pushed the performance ahead of peers. The focus on margin will accelerate EPS growth, hence room for positive surprise in FY13,\" said the report.Recently, VG Siddhartha of Cafe Coffee Day, increased his stake in MindTree to 22% from 18% through a block deal worth Rs 120 crore. He bought 15.6 lakh shares from Walden Software Investments at Rs 610 per share recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14395474", "title": "Afraid of eve teasers, Bhopal girls put on veils", "text": "BHOPAL: It's not just summer or dust that forces city girls to veil their faces and suffocate despite searing temperature. For them, it's more due to security and safety concerns.Bhopal girls primarily cite eve-teasing and security threat, apart from heat and dust, as reasons for doing so.Anamika, a student says, \"Security is a major concern for girls and hence cover my face. I have often seen that boys follow girls till home or coaching centers.\"Eve-teasing is another major reason why girls keep their faces covered, say many college going girls.Akansha, a private engineering college student admitted,\" I try changing my route as frequently as possible. I have seen boys on bikes harassing girls.\"However, there are some who contest such opinions. Bhupendra Kaur Sandhu, head, women helpline cell, says, \"Covering face sends a wrong message. Girls need to become mentally and physically strong to overcome eve-teasing. They should take the help of police whenever they sense trouble. The state police run a campaign \"we care for you\" to protect girls from such incidents.\"Nutan Girls College principal Shobhna Maroo says, \"Girls do not need to cover their faces to protect themselves from eve-teasing. They should rather root out fear from within. Every year we have been running a programme called Mission Prahar in which Commando Deepak trains the girls for such things.\"Sukanya, an engineering student, says, \"Eve teasing in Bhopal is too rampant and almost every girl faces it. It is up to the individual if they want to ignore it or fight against it. Covering ones face hardly matters.\"However there are other reasons too which many of them admit privately. \"Some of us want to hide our identity from our peers when we are going around with boyfriends or a male friend to avoid unnecessary questions,\" says a student on the condition of an anonymity.Helpline numbers : 1091 and 2443801", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14399848", "title": "Cops to seek extradition of murder suspect", "text": "KANNUR: Nearly 29 months after Ramya, a resident of Kattampally near Kannur town, was found hanging from the ceiling of a hotel room in Payyannur, the police are close to gaining custody of her husband Shammi Kumar, who is accused of killing her. Shammi had fled the state to Sharjah via Mumbai within two days after his wife's death, much before the cops could come out with an arrest warrant.Now, based on reports that the Interpol took him into custody from UAE last week, the police here are busy readying documents needed to extradite him back to Kerala.Meanwhile, the action committee formed by residents of Kattampally fear that Shammi might walk free if there is any delay in the lengthy extradition process.According to Thaliparamba ASP A Srinivas, extradition involves lots of legal formalities. \"The request for custody along with relevant documents has to be submitted to the Interpol via the ministry of external affairs,\" he said.He said that first the police will have to get a warrant issued by the judicial first class magistrate court in Payyannur. \"We expect to get it this week. There are lots of complications but we are confident of getting his custody,\" the ASP said.Meanwhile, P Ramesh Babu, chairman of the action committee, said the forum is planning to seek the help of minister of overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi to expedite the process. \"If there is any delay, we will strengthen our agitation,\" he said.The victim's parents - Amban Ravindran and Prabhavathy - have said that they would go to any extend to bring the accused to the book.\"We lost our daughter, and now we want to make sure that at least her children get justice,\" said Ravindran. He said Shammi Kumar had tried to contact them through a relative as he wanted to meet his children Adith (7), Karthika (5) and Keerthana (4).\"But we will not allow that,\" he said. It was on January 22, 2010, that Ramya was found dead.Shammi along with their child Keerthana went missing the same day. The next day the child was found abandoned on the veranda of Ramya's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14405500", "title": "Pakistan gets deputy prime minister", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi, a top leader of the ruling PPP's key ally PML-Q, has been appointed as Pakistan's deputy prime minister.Besides, 15 PML-Q lawmakers have been included in new Premier Raja Pervez Ashraf's council of ministers taking its strength to 53.66-year-old Elahi, who already holds the defence production and industries portfolios, has been appointed the deputy prime minister with immediate effect and until further orders, a notification issued by the Cabinet division said on Monday night.The move will not confer on him \"any powers of the Prime Minister in any manner whatsoever\", it said.President Asif Ali Zardari administered oath of office to another 15 ministers from PML-Q during a ceremony held at the presidency on Monday evening.Eight lawmakers were inducted as federal ministers while seven were inducted as ministers of state.Sardar Bahadur Khan Sehar, Liaquat Abbas Bhatti, Sardar Talib Hussain Nakai, Sheikh Waqas Akram, Anwar Ali Cheema, Ghous Bukhsh Mehr, Jam Muhammad Yousaf and Chaudhry Wajahat Hussain took oath as federal ministers.Rana Asif Tauseef, Malik Nauman Ahmed Langrial, Sardar Shahjehan Yousaf, Senator Saeed Khan Mandokhel, Chaudhry Ghias Ahmed Mela, Akram Masih Gill and Khawaja Sheraz Mehmood were inducted as ministers of state.Prime Minister Ashraf, PML-Q chief Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain, Balochistan chief minister Aslam Raisani and Cabinet members attended the ceremony.On June 23, a total of 38 lawmakers had been sworn in as ministers along with Ashraf. While 27 were inducted as federal ministers, another 11 were sworn in as ministers of state.The total strength of the council of ministers now is 53. Ashraf retained most key members of former premier Yousuf Raza Gilani's Cabinet in the same positions when he allocated portfolios among his council of ministers.Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi was the only PML-Q leader who was sworn in on June 23 and given the defence production and industries portfolios.The portfolios of the PML-Q ministers sworn in on Monday evening are expected to be announced shorty, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401029", "title": "Senior citizens held for playing cards, HC slams police", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police, which have recently been mired in controversy for playing the city's moral custodians, were severely censured on Monday by the Bombay high court for acting in a \"high-handed\" and \"despicable\" manner while arresting a group of mostly senior citizens playing rummy and bridge at Andheri gymkhana last year.A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode quashed the FIR filed under the Bombay Prevention of Gambling Act against 17 people, including two women, and directed the state to pay a compensation of Rs 1,000 to each of them. They also directed that an additional Rs 25,000 be paid to each of the two women \u2014 Bina Gharat, 65 and Villi Wadia, 72 \u2014who were arrested in violation of Section 46(4) CrPC. The law mandates that a magistrate's permission is needed to arrest a woman after sunset.On August 10, last year, a group of mostly senior citizens were playing rummy and bridge with counters at Andheri gymkhana, when a little after 9pm, a team of policemen raided the place and picked up the group for 'gambling'. They were detained overnight at the Andheri (E) police station and reportedly not allowed to eat. In the end, 17 were charged while those with political or police connections were let go. The 17 later moved the court for relief and compensation.\"It is evident that the policemen acted in a very highhanded manner and did not follow proper procedure before conducting the raid,\" the judges said. They added that while the arrested people were not permitted to call family members, TV reporters had gathered around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14397592", "title": "Mohol, Bhalerao sent to magisterial custody till July 7", "text": "PUNE: A magistrate court sent gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao to magisterial custody till July 7 on Monday for the murder of alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Qateel Siddiqui at the high security Yerawada central jail.The Yerawada police had arrested Mohol and Bhalerao on June 11. They were produced before the court after their police custody expired on Monday afternoon.Senior police inspector Kishore Jadhav had filed a report to send the duo to magisterial custody for 14 days. The report said that the police are inspecting the visitors' register of the jail to find out who met the suspects while they were kept in the 'anda' cell. Police are also investigating if any other person or gang was involved in the murder.Siddiqui was found dead in his 10 ft x 10 ft cubicle in the 'anda' cell on June 8. Mohol and Bhalerao had allegedly strangled Siddiqui to death using a drawstring from a pair of shorts. Two other inmates of the cell, Akbar Munir Shaikh and Balu Waghire, informed jail authorities about the murder around 11 am.'Anda' cell in charge Chandrakant Tayade had registered a complaint against Mohol and Bhalerao, saying that they had murdered Siddiqui over a petty dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14399105", "title": "Jundal had sent Jama Masjid shooter to India to help IM boss", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what proves Abu Jundal and Lashkar's direct link with Indian Mujahideen (IM) and the Jama Masjid attack of September 19, 2010, sources said Jundal was a friend of Mohammad Adil alias Ajmal, a Pakistani national who was arrested by the special cell in November 2011 along with 12 IM members from a Meer Vihar factory.Adil had fired on Taiwanese tourists in the Jama Masjid attack. He, sources said, was sent to India to help IM boss Ahmad Zarar Siddi Bappa alias Shahrukh in his operation by Abu Jundal. Delhi Police had even got a non-bailable warrant issued against Jundal after it raided IM's Meer Vihar factory in Delhi last year.Delhi Police believe that apart from providing details about the planning and funding of 26/11 Mumbai attacks; Jundal's arrest may open a Pandora's box of information. A source said, \"He may provide information about hideouts of Lashkar and Indian Mujahideen terrorists in India.\"\"Abu Jundal knows the Bhatkal brothers - Riyaz and Iqbal, bosses of Indian Mujahideen based in Karachi -- very well. He claims that the Bhatkal brothers used to come to joint meetings of Lashkar and IM. For the Jama Masjid attack, the Bhatkal brothers asked Jundal to provide a man, an expert in firing,\" another source said.This is when Adil alias Ajmal, who has been named as the main accused and chargesheeted by Delhi Police, was sent to help Shahrukh. Jundal is not named as an accused in the Jama Masjid attack but sources said they were questioning him about the plans of Indian Mujahideen and Lashkar since he had met the Bhatkal brothers.Sources said Jundal's name had cropped up during Adil's interrogation after which a warrant was issued against him in the Meer Vihar (Delhi) factory case where a large cache of arms and ammunition was recovered and 12 IM terrorists were arrested over a period of time. If sources are to be believed, the special cell tracked Jundal's location in Saudi Arabia after which agencies requested the Gulf country to arrest him and deport him.Police also believe that Jundal met Shahrukh whenever the latter visited Pakistan .In its chargesheet in the Jama Masjid case, Delhi Police had mentioned that \"Qateel Siddiqui and Mohammad Adil went on a black bike and fired at Taiwanese tourists at Jama Masjid gate number 3, in which two Taiwanese nationals were injured while Shahrukh, Waqas and Tabrez planted the pressure cooker bomb in a stolen Maruti car with the number plate DL6C CD 1042, near the transformer adjoining Jama Masjid police station\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14399598", "title": "Procurement of textbooks not complete", "text": "VARANASI: With the new academic session about to begin, so far only 30 per cent of the required books have reached the Basic Shiksha Adhikari (BSA) office to meet the requirement of over 3 lakh students studying in classes I to VIII at various government and government-aided schools of the district.District basic education department is unable to divulge a time frame within which the books will reach the concerned schools once the schools will reopen on July 2. The department however is optimistic about it and is hoping that there is going to be no shortage of books or delay in the arrival of books during the academic session.\"We are writing to publishers and getting the books stored in our stock on daily basis. Once all the books will arrive, a committee consisting of officials of the department will check the quality of books. Once that is done, we will send the desired number of books to all eight blocks from where they will be distributed to each school,\" informed BSA Param Hans Singh Yadav. According to Yadav, it takes 2-3 days for books to reach the concerned schools once the inspection work is completed. \"So far no school has received the books\", he added.As per the guidelines of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, all students under primary and upper primary levels must be distributed free textbooks each year. However, last academic session witnessed immense scarcity of textbooks in schools till September which, besides dampening the spirit of studies, suffered the academic programme.According to Yadav, although students won't be getting the books on day 1 of the session, there won't be a repeat of the last session. There are 20 books from class I to class V while 60 books suffice the curriculum of class VI to class VIII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398363", "title": "Rains claim 23 lives in 10 days", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Partial rains in Saurashtra and south Gujarat have already claimed 23 lives so far.The India Meteorological Department may have declared the onset of Monsoon on June 17, but the rains are yet to cover the entire state. Despite this, 23 rain-related fatalities have been reported since the June 15. Of these, 20 people died after they were struck by lightening, while three people met their ends after a tree fell on them.The maximum number of deaths was reported from Rajkot district, where 10 people lost their lives. This was followed by four in Jamnagar and two each in Vadodara, Surat, and Bharuch districts. Revenue control room said that one death each was reported from Kheda, Navsari and Tapi districts. All the rain-related deaths were reported from Saurashtra and south Gujarat regions only.Gujarat state has received 31 mm rainfall so far, which is 3.87% of its annual rainfall of 798 mm. Till 8.30 am on Monday, 17 talukas in four districts had received rainfall. Pardi taluka in Valsad received the highest rainfall of 86 mm on Monday. However, northern parts of the state, including Ahmedabad city, remained dry.Officials in the revenue department's control room said that of the 225 talukas in the state, six talukas have received over 125 mm of rainfall. The season's highest so far has been received in Kaprada taluka in Valsad at 199 mm, followed by Limbdi in Surendranagar (173 mm), Babra in Amreli (146 mm), Pardi in Valsad (172 mm), Valsad (158 mm), and Bardoli in Surat which received 145 mm rain.According to data released by the state government, 37 talukas have received rains between 51 mm and 125 mm till Monday. There are still 22 talukas in the state that are yet to receive a single drop of rains.While Ahmedabad district has received only four per cent of its annual rainfall of 695 mm so far, Rajkot district has received the highest - 9 5 of annual rainfall of 562 mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14399254", "title": "Dug-up roads, stagnant water perfect breeding ground for mosquitoes", "text": "VARANASI: Get ready to face the mosquito bite in the monsoon season as trenches and dug-up roads in different parts of the city are providing perfect breeding ground.The district health authorities are observing anti-malaria this month but concrete efforts are missing to curb the menace of malaria. The reports of district malaria office suggest that positive malarial cases have been waning in the region in the last three years.\"Despite the crunch of multipurpose health workers (MHWs), we have managed to control the positive malarial cases in the district. However, it had affected the routine work of slide preparation and collection of blood smear (BS), an essential test for diagnosis of malaria. The upcoming monsoon season is definitely going to pose challenge but all efforts would be made to check the spread of malarial cases in the region,\" said MA Khan, district malaria officer, on Saturday.As per reports of district malaria office, 223 positive malarial cases, including three cases of fatal cerebral malaria (caused by plasmodium falciparum) were registered in 2009, the figure dropped to 165 cases, including two cases of cerebral malaria in 2010. Last year (2011), the figure of positive malarial cases further dropped to 161. Similarly, the crunch of MHWs (the figure dropping from 37 in 2009 to 22 in 2011) witnessed drop in BS collection, which fell from nearly 42,000 collections in 2009 to around 36,000 last year.As the district malaria office has its share of woes, the health department of Varanasi Nagar Nigam is also struggling to step up anti-malaria drive, even as the focus of the department is on municipal elections. The pathetic sanitary condition aggravated by overflowing and choked sewer lines and dumping of waste had provide perfect conditions for proliferation of mosquitoes. The matter has been made worse with initial bout of showers, which have left a number of low lying areas in the city waterlogged. Areas like Shivpurva, Veerdopur (Mahmoorganj), Manduadih, Kakarmatta, Bazardiha, Khojwan, Kolhua-Vinayaka, Nagwan, Samneghat and host of trans-Varuna areas such as Pandeypur, Daulatpur, Paharia and Shivpur are facing accumulation of stagnant water after the showers.According to B K Singh, city health officer, the areas where roads were dug to lay sewer and storm water pipelines are most vulnerable to become breeding ground for mosquitoes. If the sewer lines and open drains in the city choke under heavy rainfall, it would be difficult to control the growth of mosquitoes. \"The residual spraying as part of anti-malaria drive would gain momentum after the elections and we are also looking to work in tandem with district malaria office for intensifying efforts to curb other vector-borne disease like dengue,\" he added.The district administration has fixed the deadline for construction of roads in all parts of the city till June 30 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397063", "title": "Rasika Raje selected in Indian team for Indonesia tourney", "text": "NAGPUR: Promising city shuttler Rasika Raje has been selected in the Indian U-19 team which will participate in the international badminton tournament in Indonesia.The week-long tournament will be held for the juniors from July 9 to 14 at Jakarta.The other members of the Indian squad are Shreyansh Jaiswal of Chhattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh's Sara Naqvi and Arshalan Naqvi.The Badminton Association of India (BAI) is sending the junior team so that the youngsters get international exposure early in their career. All the selected four players have been doing very well in the national junior circuit.\"We have received the mail from BAI regarding the selection of Rasika and three other players. Rasika is the only Maharashtra player in the team. It is a good step by the BAI to give exposure to the talented youngsters,\" Maharashtra Badminton Association secretary Sundar Shetty told TOI on Monday.Shetty said the team will leave on July 6 or 7 from New Delhi.It is for the second time that the 16-year-old Rasika has been selected in the national junior squad. Earlier in the year in March, the southpaw was picked to play in the Hungarian Junior Open but the entire Indian team could not go due to visa problems at the last moment.Rasika, a Standard XII student of MKH Sancheti Junior College, is presently training at the Pullela Gopichand Badminton Academy in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14399716", "title": "Are they roads or pedestrian-traps?", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Beware! Many drains in the town remain uncovered.At many places in the town, the concrete slabs covering drains have been removed for cleaning the drains. The cleaning work began over two weeks ago, and is progressing at a snail's pace. At the receiving end are pedestrians and the merchants!\"Everyday, two-three pedestrians fall into the open drains,\" said Noushad, a shop owner on TB Road. On account of this, business has been badly hit as people find it inconvenient to walk through this area where there is no footpath.\"The drains in front of big shops have been closed after the cleaning work. It is small shop owners like me who have been affected,\" he said. The work hasn't been a continuous process, hence the delay, said Noushad.The situation isn't very different in Baker Junction either. \"There is no space for people to walk as the drains here remain uncovered,\" said a shop owner. \"Once it starts raining, people are likely to slip and fall into the drains,\" he said.The concrete slabs, well past their expiry date, were removed using a JCB. \"Most of the slabs were damaged while being removed and cannot be used again,\" he said.And although two weeks have passed since the drains have been opened, the garbage and mud in them are yet to be removed completely. \"Waste water from a few hotels in the area flow into these drains. In the evenings a foul smell emanates from the drains, which are now breeding grounds for mosquitoes,\" he said.The shop owners want the municipal authorities to at least clean the drains to enable water to flow freely.Municipal chairman Sunny Kalloor said the work was being carried out by the PWD, and claimed there was no undue delay. \"This work can be done only at night as concrete slabs can be removed only using a JCB. Both the drains and the slabs are very old. Once slabs are removed, the side walls too get damaged,\" he said. \"The work should be done neatly as it is being undertaken after many years. I am following its progress closely,\" said Kalloor.T D Joseph , president, Merchants Association, said the association had taken up the issue with the municipal chairman. \"He has assured us that the work will be completed at the earliest,\" said Joseph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14406323", "title": "A dream come true for Shabana Azmi", "text": "While many generations of Indian actors hero-worship Shabana Azmi , she hero-worships the Norwegian actress Liv Ullman. In fact Shabana owes a lot of her acting skills to Ullman, and has no qualms in admitting it.And it was a dream-come-true when this month Shabana got a chance to present a lifetime achievement award to Liv Ullman at IIFA. Says Shabana, \"I've been her Eklavya. Unknown to her I've watched and read her , listened to her and learned. For me she's touchstone of that truth and purity that can be achieved in a performance.\"In her speech before handing over the award to her idol Shabana said, \"Cinema without her is like a poem without words, like a violin without strings, like a heart without heartbeats. As a student of Film and Television Institute of India, I was introduced to her luminosity and her brilliance as an actor and I was spellbound. She became for me the touchstone of the purity and truth that can be achieved in a performance. In 37 years of my film career I say without exaggeration this is the highest point, that I have been called upon to present the IIFA award for outstanding contribution to world cinema to a Norwegian by birth but universal in spirit, the First Lady of World Cinema, the legendary Liv Ullmann. In honouring you, we honour ourselves. Liv, please allow me to show my respect to you in the traditional Indian way reserved for Gurus... I'd like to touch your feet in respect and gratitude.\"Recalls Shabana emotionally, \"Liv Ullman started crying when I introduced her and asked me to send her the words I had used. For a person as celebrated and feted, it is extraordinary that she was so moved. Her luminosity and brilliance radiates from every pore. In addition, she declared that she has fallen in love with my husband Javed after watching him create a song in front of a live audience. Liv said it was worth it being alive to have been witness to such an experience.\"Shabana feels equally fulfilled after coming face-to-face with her idol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14400019", "title": "Parents protest school fee hike in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Parents from Student Welfare Association for Parents (SWAP), a joint organisation of parents' associations of various city schools, conducted a protest before the Lisieux Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Sai Baba Colony on Monday. While parents are demanding that children scoring 91% and above should be given admission, schools say that unless they promise not to interfere in the functioning of the school, they will not be admitted.KA Swaminathan whose son was a student of the school had been denied admissions to the higher secondary section, as he was one of the parents who had protested against the school's decision to charge excess fees over and above the fee fixed by the government appointed Tamil Nadu State Fee Determination Committee. He had earlier complained to the education department, but received no relief. \"My son has not applied in any other school as he has been studying in the same school from the beginning of his schooling. Moreover, his marks were pretty high,\" he said. He submitted a complaint on Monday to Coimbatore district collector who promised to look into the matter.Philips Potheckan, the school principal said that they would consider admitting the student only if the parents' association, of which Swaminathan is a member, would give an undertaking that they would not interfere in school operations. Along with few teachers, he alleged that the student had behaviourial problems. However, Swaminathan claims that this is the first he is hearing about this. They had not raised such issues before, he said. School officials responded saying that they did not raise such issues before because they did not want to harm the child while he was a student at the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396496", "title": "Rescue hippos from all circuses: Maneka Gandhi", "text": "NAGPUR: Animal rights activist and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP from Pilibhit Maneka Gandhi has asked the Central Zoo Authority (CZA), a statutory body under the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), to remove all hippos from circuses and put them in zoos or rescue centres.The hippos in all the circuses are blind. Obviously they are being blinded to make them more amenable. Earlier, one blind hippo from a circus was rescued. Another died in Jumbo Circus and now the one in Amar Circus is third.According to Dr BK Gupta, evaluation and monitoring officer with CZA, there are only three hippos on display in circuses.Gandhi, in a letter to CZA member-secretary BS Bonal, suggested to constitute a committee either by the CZA or the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) and seek a report of all animals in the circuses. The circus animals continue to be abused, ill-treated and killed very often.The MP said that CZA should re-examine registration of all performing animals since beginning till date and rescue all abused animals cancelling their registration.\"Registration of all hippos, docked tailed dogs, feather chopped birds be cancelled. These animals should be rescued and rehabilitated by July 25, 2012. Besides, registration of all elephants as performing animals may also be cancelled,\" Gandhi said.She has also suggested to introduce fixed retirement and rehabilitation of performing animals and birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14395334", "title": "BCCI mulls visas for standby players", "text": "NEW DELHI: The inability to get visa in time for Punjab batsman Mandeep Singh who was picked as replacement for the injured Robin Bisht on India A team's tour of the West Indies, has got the Indian cricket board (BCCI) thinking.The board is considering a policy to get visas in advance for the players on its standby list too. In case of an injury to any player during a series abroad, the replacement player from the standby list can immediately fly out to join the team. This will apply to all BCCI steams.This was suggested to the BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale by some of the state units of the board. A source close to the development said the board is considering this proposal seriously. \"A proposal to this effect is already with the BCCI and we hope they come up with this system,\" the source said.Mandeep's is not an isolated case. Even RP Singh's replacement for the India-A team, Parvinder Awana, had to wait for more almost 10 days to get his UK transit visa to board the West Indies-bound flight. Last year too, the board faced similar challenges when injury after injury derailed India's campaign on the tour. At one point, the Men in Blue were struggling to field eleven fit players during an ODI series.With stringent visa policies in place, lesser-known players apply online and are asked to appear personally for the visa formalities. \"Those days are gone when the travel agents used to take care of everything,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396378", "title": "As doctors strike, OPDs remain shut", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the doctors in city's private hospitals were out on the streets protesting the proposed norms, they ensured that emergency services in their hospitals were in place. There were several people who had come to the city from nearby towns and villages, though, who had to return without treatment.Most private medical establishments responded to the appeal by Indian Medical Association and kept the OPDs shut, including the hesitant corporate hospitals. Some had boards announcing that the hospitals would remain closed on the day, while some even informed their patients beforehand. There still were a few hospitals that kept all operations open for the day, while yet others gave their services on priority basis. The government hospitals like GMC and IGGMC worked normally though the doctors there worked with black arm bands to support the cause.\"I had called in the morning and was told that the hospital is open today, so I brought along my old parents all the way from our village in Katol. It was only after coming here that we found that the doctor my father consults would not be available. Instead, an Ayurveda doctor was seeing the patients,\" said student Ishwar Raut. The Raut family decided to stay put at the hospital waiting for the doctor to return in evening.Similar problem was faced by Sheikh Imran from Kondhali. The farm labourer had come to the city to get his father Sheikh Mehmood, a heart patient, checked as the two were unaware of the strike. \"A whole day was wasted by coming to the city and not getting the work done. It pinches us more as we are daily wage workers,\" he said.Some others, however, were more fortunate. DP Lokhande, who took his mother to a hospital in Ramdaspeth after she fainted in the morning, said the strike didn't pose any problem and her mother was swiftly shifted to the ICU. Amar Naik, who had come from Sagar in Madhya Pradesh , could get the doctor to attend his mother as well as sister-in-law. Dr Jay Deshmukh, whom he had gone to, said, \"though I support the strike and its causes, I had filtered the patients who needed to be seen. Other than the emergency cases, I also saw those who had come from outside,\" he said.At Orange City Hospital and Research Institute, patients were informed a week in advance about OPD remaining closed on Monday. \"The casualty and emergency services were available and the walk-in patients were given the option of getting admitted or returning the next day,\" said director Dr Anup Marar.Dr Madan Kapre of Neeti Clinics decided to take the opportunity to make his patients aware about the ramifications of the acts. \"There was an emergency surgery that we performed. No operation was scheduled for the day and the OPD patients were called 2-3 days before and we personally spoke to them about the reasons why the strike is being observed,\" he said.All India Consumer Welfare Organisation, the association that had earlier held a protest march against the strike, also surveyed the city hospitals on Monday. They claimed that they found half the hospitals of city working, some even admitting patients from the backdoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396091", "title": "Ashok Nagar to get first set of \u2018world class\u2019 roads", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents of Ashok Nagar could be the first to drive on world class roads in the city. First, fourth and eleventh avenues in Ashok Nagar and Ambedkar Salai in Kodambakkam have been selected for a makeover in the first phase of the plan to upgrade 30 roads.The Corporation of Chennai on Monday released the names of the four roads that will be re-laid for a total length of 3,150 metres, after discussions with officials of Metrowater and TNEB and representatives of the consultancy firm chosen for the project.\"They have to invent a way to make provision for ducting, so that they the roads need not be dug up to correct every electric fault or drainage block,\" said a corporation official. The roads are to be re-laid with cement concrete that could make digging them up an expensive and complicated procedure.The corporation, which allocated 333.27 crore in the 2011-12 budget to upgrade 30 roads to world class standards. After talks with the Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructure Financial Services Limited ( TNUFSIL), the corporation agreed to appoint city-based STUP Consultants to oversee the project.The corporation will have another meeting with STUP Consultants on Wednesday when a few more details are likely to be finalised. The civic body wants the four roads completed within the next two months.The city that has 318 km of bus route roads inside the old corporation limits has been fighting a constant battle with potholes. A statement released by the Chennai Corporation says that every year, at least 80km of roads are patched up or re-laid. Just 3.68 km of roads on bus routes are laid with cement concrete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14404874", "title": "Ramee storms music world with Peengh", "text": "Ramee, balle balles her way down the South Asian catwalk of music with her solo debut single. Peengh means swing in Punjabi and was written by her father and produced by none-other than Mumzy Stranger. Mumzy also takes credit for the current summer banger, 'Ghetto Refix' which also features Ramee as part of the Stranger Family (SF). He has also produced hits for Junai Kaden and Tasha Tah (also part of the SF collective).Mumzy Stranger describes Peengh in his own inimitable style as \"Chopped up Hip Hop Bhangra with synth RnB chords\"! It also features the soothing RnB tones of Char Avell. The song takes you dreamily into an unashamedly cliched Bollywood scene of a Punjabi girl on a tree swing, her long plait swinging with her and her Salwar Kameez billowing in the wind. As she swings she dreams of being swept away by a handsome suitor and hey presto there he stands before her and as their gazes meet she loses all control and falls off the swing. Of course in the real world the video of the song is nothing like this and depicts Glaswegian born Ramee singing and dancing at her old school with her real old school friends and not a swing in sight!So how does a young Glaswegian Punjabi singer, not only end up in Mumzy Stranger's London studios but gets to record her debut single at her first audition with the award winning singer and producer, Mumzy Stranger? She recounts sending her promo CD to Tiffin Beats Records and receiving an invitation email to Mumzy's studios. \"I was shocked that I even received a reply let alone an invitation, of course there was lots of Balle Balle!\"Ramee arrived on Mumzy's doorstep already an accomplished and experienced performer, having sung and danced since she was 5 years. At this exceptionally young age her mother took Ramee and her brother to a talent show and she recalls not wanting to leave the stage because she loved the response the audience gave her in return for her performance. She recalls literally being dragged off the stage. Her mother in recognition of this love for singing and performing enrolled Ramee in 'Shabad' (Sikh religious hymns) lessons at the local Gurdwara. This was really the start of her early but now invaluable vocal training as she learnt 'Ragas' and 'Sargams'. This was later re-enforced with classical training by a teacher from India.At the age of 11 she released her debut album, titled, 'Dil Milde' produced by famous Indian music director, Atul Sharma . The entire album featured Punjabi folk music sung by Ramee and her brother.Ramee is also a professional dancer and has danced with a bi-cultural dance group called 'Punjabi No.1' for 13 years. Ramee, together with the group has performed many times on both national and international stages. In 2011 the group received honourable recognition from the First Minister of Scotland ( Alex Salmond ) in the form of an award entitled, 'Music and Performing Arts'.Ramee is one busy young lady! As well as pursuing her musical career she is a student studying acting and performance, a model and has also been a radio presenter at Scotland's premier South Asian radio station (AWAZ FM). At only 18 years old she has many accolades and achievements under her sparkling belt and this coupled with musical pedigree as niece to international singer, Mr Malkit Singh MBE, she is going to be the future of international South Asian music for some time to come.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14400329", "title": "Chandigarh entrepreneurs get global experience", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a great experience for the three entrepreneurs from the city as they were a part of the G20 Young Entrepreneur Summit (YES) that was held in Mexico from June 2 to 5. As many as 400 delegates from G20 countries came together to establish entrepreneurship development, financial system, eco system, and culture of entrepreneurship as part of the international political agenda. They have presented their agenda to the President of Mexico, who assured them to take it up at G20 summit being presently held at Mexico.National chairman of the Young Indians Anupama Arya and co-chairmen of YI Chandigarh chapter Jaiprakash Singh Hasrajani and Poonam Khurana were part of the delegation.Co-founder of The Hatch, Anupama Arya, said many valuable suggestions are part of the communique given to G20 countries through the Mexican President. For one, it has been suggested that school and college curriculum be modelled to promote risk-taking capability among students. Secondly, it has been suggested that the Indian government establish entrepreneurship development models like start-up UK and USA to develop entrepreneurship.Taleem India CEO Jaiprakash Singh Hasrajani said for the past one year he was working for this summit. YES created an agenda on how the eco-system for entrepreneurship needs to be developed, how entrepreneurs can have faster access to finances and how can a culture of entrepreneurship be developed in all G20 countries. \"Globally 70% start ups fail in initial three years due to lack of knowledge on funding. In the agenda it has primarily been suggested that young entrepreneurs be given training in regard to raising funds.\" adds Jaiprakash.Poonam Khurana, director of the Blue Feature Network Solutions, said this summit gave entrepreneurs from Chandigarh a chance to meet young entrepreneurs from other countries. The summit was a learning experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14399787", "title": "RDO inspects SAI Centre at Thrissur", "text": "THRISSUR: An inspection conducted at the training centre of Sports Authority of India (SAI) in Thrissur has found that, students at the centre were deprived of bare minimum facilities.The inspection was conducted by M Anil Kumar, revenue divisional officer, on Monday, based on a complaint to district collector P M Francis, filed by Johnson, executive member of the Basketball Association.The complainant had said that toilets at the centre were in a dilapidated condition and there was no facility to check the quality of food there.The official held inspection in three floors of the centre and he also conducted a hearing from the students there. Anil Kumar said the report would be handed over to collector soon.Meanwhile, C K Mathew, who is in charge of SAI, Thrissur said, \"It is found that the doors of the girls' toilets are broken and the proper cleaning of the rooms have not been carried out. But we have not received any complaint regarding the functioning of SAI.\" Mathew said 80 students have been undergoing training here. A total of 14 coaches were appointed to test the quality of food being served to students. The Basketball association had also complained that there were no state-of-the-art training tools for the 19 students, who have been undergoing training in basketball here. Stipulated food too has not been served here. Financial irregularities are also rampant at the training centre.Officials informed that a team of higher authorities of SAI in Thiruvananthapuram will inspect SAI centre in Thrissur in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14400614", "title": "Father-son duo shot dead in Loni", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A man and his son were shot dead by five assailants on Monday morning. Police said the key suspect behind this incident had reportedly also killed his wife two days ago. The deceased have been identified as Dayaram (60) and Dinesh (32), residents of Chirori village in Loni. Dayaram runs a medical store, while his son owns a mobile phone store in the main market in Loni.\"The exact cause for the shooting is not clear. Prima facie it seems to be case of personal enmity. Post mortem of the deceased have been conducted,\" said a cop. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14395952", "title": "One more drowns in Vihar lake, 12th case in 6 months", "text": "MUMBAI: Vihar lake, which claimed the life of a teenager on Sunday, witnessed one more case of drowning on Sunday just an hour before Amit Amin (18), a Goregaon resident, drowned. Wasim Sarfaraz (18), a Kurla resident, and his two friends had gone for a swim in the lake when the former drowned, the police said. The latest incident has taken the number of drownings in the lake this year to 12. As many as four of them have occurred within a month.The BMC has said it is impossible to secure the Vihar lake -situated inside the Bhandup Water Treatment Complex-beyond a point as entry to villagers residing near the lake can't be prohibited. The BMC has recently installed CCTV cameras in the area but nothing seems to have helped. Goregaon resident Amit Amin (18) had gone for a picnic to the lake with his friends when he drowned while in another incident, Kurla resident Wasim Sarfaraz (18) and his two friends had gone for a swim in the lake when he drowned, said the police.The mishap was the fourth within a month while the Mulund police have recorded a total 12 cases of drowning at the lake this year.Investigators said despite placing a signboard, \"people still enter the lake and meet with mishaps\".On Sunday, around 3pm, Sarfaraz and his two friends entered the lake, after jumping the boundary wall. \"Sarfaraz's leg got trapped in the muddy waterbed when he dived inIn Amin's case, he had drowned after he stepped into the water to wash his hands after eating,\" said senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav. In his statement, Amin's father Ashok said, \"My son and his friends had planned the picnic to the lake and according left the house in the morning. Later, his friends called to say he had drowned.\"Sarfaraz's father Sayyad Tara said his son was a good swimmer. His friends informed me that my son did not resurface after taking a dive in the water. His legs got stuck in the mud, making it difficult to come up.\"In both mishaps, the friends of the deceased called the Mulund police who took the help of the Fire Brigade to remove the bodies.\"The lake water level has gone down and this is one of the reasons why a person's legs get stuck in mud,\" said cops.On June 2, the body of a 19-year-old college student, who drowned the previous day while diving into Vihar lake at Bhandup Complex was washed ashore. Mihir Murali from Bhandup and his two friends had gone for a swim in the lake when the mishap occurred, said the police.Jadhav said trespassers enter the lake area through hills in neighbouring Bhandup and Thane, sneaking past guards who man the water purification plant. \"The BMC should come up with an immediate solution to tackle mishaps. It should also beef up security guards and install a CCTV near the lake, which would help keep tabs on trespassers,\" he said.Currently, there are CCTVs near the water purification plant but not near the lake. The BMC claimed that the work order to install CCTV cameras was passed three months ago. The BMC has spent over Rs 26 crore to instal CCTV cameras at all water sources. Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner, said, \"We can't increase the number of security personnel near the lake. But steps like installing CCTV cameras have already been taken. I have also given sanction to put barbed wires at locations where people come to wash clothes.\"The civic body said it was impossible to completely prevent such cases. \"People living in nearby villages need to be given access to the lake. We are trying our level best to prevent such cases,\" said Ramesh Bamble, chief engineer, water supply department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14398884", "title": "15 chain-snatching cases solved; 3 held", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch on Monday claimed to have solved 15 chain-snatching cases following the arrest of a criminal on police records and his accomplice. The police have recovered gold chains weighing 233 gm, worth Rs 6.29 lakh from the suspects. The police have also arrested a jeweller for allegedly purchasing the chains.A crime branch (unit-III) team, led by inspector Sunil Pawar, made the arrests.Pawar said that Ishwar alias Chintu Shindvel (27) of Laxminagar, Yerawada, was arrested on Saturday after getting information about his involvement in some chain-snatching incidents. \"During interrogation, he admitted to his involvement in 15 chain snatchings and also revealed the name of his accomplice Sagar Waghmare (23), also from of Laxminagar, Yerawada,\" Pawar said.Shindvel was using his own motorcycle for snatching the chains, Pawar said. \"They had committed 15 chain snatchings in the city since January - four each from Chatushrungi and Nigdi, two each from Sahakarnagar, Pimpri and Chinchwad and one from Sangvi.\"\"Shindvel has 10 cases registered against him, including body offences and robberies,\" Pawar added.The police have also arrested jeweller Atul Jadhav (25) of Sinhagad Road for allegedly purchasing the chains from Shindvel.The investigating team comprised sub-inspectors Jalindar Tandale and Arun Surve and constables Sudhir Sakore, Ashok Bhosale, Javed Pathan and Dilip More.Chain snatched at VadgaonsheriTwo unidentified persons on a motorcycle snatched a gold chain worth Rs 1.2 lakh from a 40-year-old woman in Vadgaonsheri on Sunday evening.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Mira Suryakant Suryavanshi of Samata society, Vadgaonsheri with the Yerawada police station.Inspector Shivaji Shinde of Yerawada police station said that the complainant, Mira Suryavanshi of Samata society, Vadgaonsheri, was returning home along with a friend after attending a marriage function on Sunday evening. When she reached the Mitra Mandal society, two persons on a motorcycle snatched her gold chain.\"Suryavanshi tried to resist the suspects but they pushed her and fled towards Mundhwa,\" Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14399269", "title": "Real estate firm ordered to pay for missing deeds", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik consumer court has ordered Dattatraya Kokate, Kishor Chopde and Arun Kapde of Bhagwati Constructions to prepare deeds of apartments in favour of five customers who had filed independent complaints in the court against the developer. Every customer also has to be given Rs 15,000 as compensation for mental harassment and Rs 1,000 to compensate for the court procedures.\"All the three developers of Bhagwati Constructions should jointly, within 30 days, ensure that the customers get the building completion certificates and deed of apartment registered in their favour,\" the court observed in its ruling.According to sources, the aggrieved persons, Sunil Nikam, Sanjay Pawar, Sampat Korde and his son Yogesh, Bhanudas Wable and his son Sanjay and Omkar Jaitmal, all residents of Panchamrut Row Houses, Dindori Road, Mhasrul, had filed a petition in the Nashik consumer court seeking justice against developers Bhagwati Constructions.All the residents of five apartments at the Panchamrut Row House complex had in their complaint presented the facts that they had paid respective amounts to the developers as per their agreement and yet the developers were reluctant to give building completion certificates in their favour and were not even ready to register a deed of the apartments in the complainants' favour.The consumer court observed that payments had been made and that there was enough evidence to show that there was deficiency in service by Bhagwati Constructions.The court therefore ordered the real estate firm to ensure that the deeds are registered in favour of the residents within 30 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14404045", "title": "Delhi Police likely to seek extension of Jundal's remand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is likely to seek an extension of remand of 26/11 handler Abu Jundal, which may put a spanner in Mumbai Police's efforts to question him soon.Sources in Delhi Police said Jundal's role was being examined in the larger conspiracy behind the Jama Masjid attack in 2010, a fortnight ahead of the Commonwealth Games to \"avenge\" the Batla House encounter in which suspected Indian Mujahideen operatives were killed.Sources said they are likely to seek extension of police remand when Jundal will be produced before a court when his custody ends on July 5.Soon after the arrest of Jundal became public, a Mumbai court on Monday issued a production warrant against him.Equipped with the production warrant, a team of Mumbai Police will now file an application in a Delhi court seeking the custody of Jundal and bring him to Mumbai to stand trial in 26/11 case.However, if Delhi Police manages to get extension of Jundal's custody, then Mumbai Police will have to wait for some more time till he is sent to judicial custody.Jundal, who is currently in a 15-day police custody, was arrested on June 21 after a 43-month international hunt. He was detained in Saudi Arabia and sent here five days ago.30-year-old Zabiuddin with another alias Riyasat Ali is an Indian national who is believed to have issued directions from a 'control room' in Pakistan to 10 terrorists who went on a rampage in Mumbai in November, 2008 killing 166 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14397081", "title": "MGNREGA workers want full pay credited", "text": "MADURAI: While thanking the Tamil Nadu government for enhancing wages under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act ( MGNREGA), rural people have urged it to ensure that the entire wage is given to them by their contractors.Mariammal (40) of Alamarathupatti in Athoor Union, Dindigul district, told TOI that this scheme was indeed a boon to people like her. \"It helps us work with dignity; otherwise we will be going for menial jobs. It also gives us a good amount of money,\" she said. She and her co-villagers are desilting a channel which carries water between the streams in Sirumalai hills and Narayanankulam in their village.These workers say they are more than grateful to the government for enhancing the wage, because it was something that was beyond their reach. Being a domestic help fetched them less than Rs 800 a month and did nothing for their self esteem. \"But now as we are able to make a good Rs 10,000 a year, the elders and men in our families also respect us,\" said Mariammal, a worker.Kulandhaivelu (60) and Thangamayee (62) say the rural employment scheme is like God's gift to them. \"But when the wage was Rs 119, we got Rs 100. Now we don't know how much the contractor plans on paying us, but it would be good if the government is able to ensure that the entire wage is given to us,\" they said. These people say they have to meet the panchayat members a few times before ensuring a job for themselves. When they go on the rolls, they are told that they should not take the pay as given to the rest of them working in a particular area. But they feel the government could ensure that they get their full pay.Muthulakshmi (32) says she had just one grievance in regard to this work --- that is the contractor demands that they report for duty at 8 am. \"If we go late, then they say there is no work, but it is difficult for women like me to send off our children to school before 8 am and come for work. So it would be very helpful if the time of reporting for duty is changed to 9 am,\" she said.Meanwhile, a panchayat worker said they had to hold back wages because they do not get the desired results at the end of the week. \"They dig out just half a foot of sand in a specified area when they are expected to dig out up to one foot. So it means the job is not done and the pay is reduced,\" he said. Sources say the workers are also not dedicated to their work and that there are some who goof off during work hours for personal reasons, leaving work unfinished. \"It is because of this attitude that they are not able to ask the contractor for the full pay,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396349", "title": "IIM-Udaipur's second session starts", "text": "JAIPUR: The Indian Institute of Management located in Udaipur began its second journey on Monday with the introduction of second batch. This year they have enrolled 110 students, including 37 girls with a maximum CAT Score of 99.5 percentile.DR Mehta, founder and chief patron of Bhagwan Mahaveer Viklang Sahayata Samiti and Pradeep Bhargava, MD of Cummins Generator Technologies India Ltd presided over the inaugural ceremony. They addressed the students on various issues ranging from orienting towards social sector to corporate governance. Mehta expressed the need of innovation in both social and corporate world to resist the fast changing business scenario impacting the social sector.\"The management graduates should involve in social activities while pursuing their degrees as it will help them in discharging corporate social responsibility once they are holding prominent positions,\" said Mehta.\"The whole idea of calling two eminent people from different fields is to acquaint students with both the worlds,\" said Janat Shah, director of IIM-U. This year IIM-U has five students from IITs reflecting the image IIM-U has built in a single year. Talking about the success of the first batch, Shah said that many of their students have successfully completed internships or summer training abroad.\"Our students went to Europe, Middle East and South East Asian countries for internship in our maiden year, this says a lot about quality of our students,\" added Shah.He also said the institute would play pioneering role in the development of the state. Shah added that students would participate in various social activities in the city. \"Our students from the first batch were engaged in various social activities according to their interests. They had visited a nearby village and studied socio-economic pattern of that village,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "transcript of conversation between pakistan-based abu jundal, a handler of the 26/11 terrorists, and a terrorist at chabad house", "code": "14402734", "title": "Transcript of conversation between Jundal and 26/11 terrorist", "text": "Transcript of conversation between Pakistan-based Abu Jundal, a handler of the 26/11 terrorists, and a terrorist at Chabad House:Handler: Remember that every one person you kill there is like taking 50 lives.... H: ListenTerrorist: Yes, yesH: Get rid of these people. Kill themT: By Allah's wish it is all quiet. There is no movementH: No, no wait. Shoot. If firing starts, you won't know the timing, direction and intensityT: I've run out of grenadesH: Do itT: What? Shoot them?H: Yes. Make them sit up and shoot them in the backs of their heads(Later) H: Have you done the job or not?T: No, I will do it in front of you. I was waiting for youH: Do it in the name of Allah. (Woman screams: Please don't kill me!)H: You killed one?T: Both togetherT: Allah willing, today is Friday. Today will be the final fightH: Use all of your might. Do it. Shoot them. Get themT: Intense fire has started. Firing has started in our roomH: Take cover(A little later) H: Yes, what happened?T: I've been hitH: Where?T: On my side and legH: May Allah protect youT: Pray for me, so that I attain martyrdom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14401310", "title": "Jundal had trained Baig in use of explosives", "text": "PUNE: Lashkar-e-Taiba terror suspect Syed Zabiuddin, who was arrested in New Delhi for his alleged role in the 26/11 attacks, had trained German Bakery bomb blast conspirator Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig to assemble explosive devices and set them off.Zabiuddin was arrested at the Indira Gandhi international airport on June 21, but his arrest was announced by the Delhi police on Monday.Zabiuddin is one of the six absconding suspects in the German Bakery blast case. He is also wanted in the Aurangabad arms haul case.The bakery blast had killed 17 people and injured 64 on February 13, 2010. The state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) had arrested Baig and filed a chargesheet against him before a Pune court. Zabiuddin is wanted accused no. six in the chargesheet. A non-bailable warrant issued against him could not be executed as his whereabouts were not known.Speaking to TOI, ATS assistant commissioner of police Vinod Satav, who had investigated the bakery blast case and is presently posted at the Pune police crime branch, confirmed that the suspect arrested in Delhi was involved in the bakery blast.On May 9, 2006 a huge cache of arms and ammunitions, including 16 AK-47 rifles, 3,200 live cartridges, 43 kg of RDX, 50 live grenades and other articles , was seized in Aurangabad. The ATS had then arrested and filed a chargesheet against 21 suspects. Zabiuddin and Fayyaz Kagzi were shown as absconding in the case.The ATS chargesheet in the bakery blast case states that Baig had visited Colombo in March 2008 to meet Kagzi and Zabiuddin. The three were old friends in Beed. The Colombo visit was intended to finalise their plans for further terrorist activities.According to the chargesheet, Zabiuddin and Kagzi trained Baig to assemble and set off explosive devices and also gave him money for funding the travel of Muslim youths wanting to go for terrorist training to Pakistan. The chargesheet states that after returning from Colombo, Baig settled down in Udgir, Latur district, and went by the aliases Yusuf and Hasan. He started a cyber cafe and used around 25 email IDs to keep in touch with the absconding suspects in the bakery blast, Ahmed Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal and Mohsin Chowdhary . Bhatkal and Chowdhary met Baig at Udgir in January 2010 and finalised their plan to trigger the blast at the bakery, the chargesheet stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14404868", "title": "Bands ring in World Music Day", "text": "Give the city its daily dose of music and they'll never complain,\" exclaimed 20-year-old Shubho at The Basement, Hotel Samilton, last Thursday.He was at the gig that saw a handful of young bands who had come together to make music as part of World Music Day celebrations. As K Krew, Fiddlers Green, Cassini's Division, Aashmaan and Jack Rabbit kept the revellers on their toes with their tunes, individual musicians like baul Basuda and Durjoy sang tracks that tugged at the heartstrings of the audience.Friends of the music makers, singer-songwriters Bodhi and Tanya and Rajkumar Sengupta also turned up at the do. Buddies Anirban and Purnima were seen having a good time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14400761", "title": "No trace of abducted woman, son; family asks for CBI probe", "text": "GURGAON: The family members of a four-month-old pregnant woman, who was allegedly abducted along with her one and half year old child on May 2, started an indefinite protest against the police and administration for failing to trace the victims so far.They have demanded a CBI probe in the case. The victim, Suman Verma, a resident of Krishna Colony, Gurgaon, and her one and half year old son, Pammi, were allegedly abducted on May 2 when she was going to her maternal home in Alwar, Rajashtan. Suman's family had expressed displeasure at the police probe even earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14399982", "title": "Coimbatore woman claiming to be 120 year-old seeks pension", "text": "COIMBATORE: A woman claiming to be 120 year-old walked to the Coimbatore collectorate on Monday requesting for old age pension. She said that despite many promises, she had never received her old age pension.R Somakkal, a resident of Kalikal Naickenpalayam in Thondamuthur said that she had given birth to 10 children, 5 sons and 5 daughters. Now she had 50 grand children. She said that she had voted in all elections though she could not recollect when she had started voting. Her relatives accompanying her said that her eldest son was above 85 years old.\"During all elections, candidates and parties assure me that they will give me old age pension. But I have never received it,\" she said. Her daughter Amaravathy, who was accompanying her, said that her expenses were high as she could not eat regular food. \"Mother can eat only light food which is comparatively costlier,\" she said. At the same time, she said that their mother who was a housewife did not follow any particular food pattern earlier. \"But now for some years, she needs food like light rice, and milk. This is apart from the medical expenses. As a senior citizen, they hoped the government would look into the matter.Amaravathy said that they were struggling to bear her expenses and if they could receive old age pension, it would be a huge relief. \"We are facing severe financial problems. We are daily wage labourers and our income is low,\" Amaravathy said.However, their ration card showed her to be 90 years old. But Amaravathy said that this was a mistake. This mistake, she said, was one of the hurdles in receiving old age pension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14400903", "title": "Same old issues haunt applicants", "text": "BANGALORE: Raghu R of Bellary is wondering why he didn't take advantage of the Passport Mela over Saturday and Sunday. On Monday, he had to face the same woes just to get the coveted travel document. \"This is our fourth visit to Bangalore to get a passport for my sister-in-law and her daughter. My brother Kabini Shivappa came to the city on Sunday and we left our home on Sunday night to reach here by Monday morning. But the passport officers wouldn't ask for clarifications at one go,\" he told TOI.He also said there are no facilities like restrooms or enough parking for people like them. While the mela gave applicants some hope of a speedy resolution of their problem, those following the regular process had to bear the brunt. Like Bhargavi M of Hassan who stayed with relatives here for two days so she could attend the interview. \"I want to study abroa but getting a passport is such a hassle. It took over a month for me to get this appointment online. The other processes were easier,\" she said.Many applicants found no change in attitude of officers. \"I've applied for a passport for my daughter Mariam in the Tatkal mode. She skipped classes on Monday and we rushed to the Koramangala office early morning. When our turn came, the officer said Tatkal applications are handled at Lalbagh or Marathahalli Passport Seva Kendras. By the time we came to the Lalbagh office, we'd wasted four hours and my daughter is tired. She's yet to be interviewed,\" said Salman Vahedna, a resident of Frazer Town.Amitha K,who was coming for the third time, said on Monday that the officer asked her to bring her bank statement as address proof. \"I have a joint account with my brother and when I showed them the bank statement, they said it must the name of the primary holder and the secondary holder.The bank says it's not required. We're confused and frustrated,\" she said. But for some, there was closure of sorts. Bhargavi, Nasserulla Khan of Mysore and Mukhtiyar Singh from Sanjaynagar here faced no hurdles submitting their applications. \"The officers were rude but they didn't trouble me too much. At least, I don't have to come again for this work,\" said Bhargavi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14396276", "title": "Pilot project aims to empower women by organic farming", "text": "JAIPUR: To empower rural women and uplift their social and economical status, the Mission Sisters of Ajmer is running an organic farming project titled 'Sasvika.'\"Women perform most of the work in all stages of farming -- from preparing the land, manuring, planting and nurturing to harvesting. They are involved in the process till the produce is sold in the market,\" said Sister Carol Geeta, project director.The project aims to encourage gender equity in agriculture and food production through empowering women.This pilot project was introduced in fifteen villages in Bhinai block of Ajmer on May 1. The Krishi Vigyan Kendra is providing all technical and logistics support. Agriculture scientists and experts have been roped in to give demonstrations on the preparation of manure and pesticides using natural products.They have conducted several workshops for the village women imparting training on how to use traditional seeds and organic pesticides, prepare land and do soil testing. Demonstrations on rabi and kharif crops, livestock management, fodder and feeding practices, and pastureland development have also been organized for their education.\"The organic farming has a vast and growing market across the globe. Efforts are on to link organic farming products with the markets in order to make these women self-reliant,\" said Geeta.Explaining the need of this project, Geeta said with increasing urban migration of males from many communities, agriculture is experiencing an increased 'feminization'. It is noticed from many farm households that woman is leading the agricultural activities.The organization has been working in the areas of education, health and providing old age homes in various parts of country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398312", "title": "13 children missing from East Delhi home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thirteen children have allegedly gone missing from a home in east Delhi's Mandawali area over the past seven months.Delhi Police, which was contacted by the authorities recently, have ruled out involvement of a gang in the disappearance of the children in the age group of 11-16 years and claimed they had fled on their own. Separate missing cases have been registered at the Mandawali police station.Although home sources claimed that the children had gone missing since mid-May, cops said the inmates had gone missing over the past seven months. \"The home was set up in 1962 for the orphan children at S Block in Pandav Nagar. In 2011, it was asked to lodge children who are in conflict with the law. Since then, there have been occasional cases of inmate escape,\" said an officer.Cops are worried about the safety of children as the home is located close to the railway tracks. \"We are keeping an eye on local stations. We have also informed the local child welfare committee,\" said the officer.Delhi Police claims it receives approximately five to seven cases of children running away from homes every fortnight. \"When we track them down, they either regret their decision, or say they were so unhappy with the situation at the home that they had no choice but to run away,\" said an officer.Lack of action on the part of police has been a longstanding complaint of NGOs in the city. Cops have, however, denied all such claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14397379", "title": "Gadchiroli climbs higher on peace ladder", "text": "NAGPUR: Amid not so encouraging developments in the Naxal-affected Gadchiroli, here's a reason to smile for district's guardian minister RR Patil. His brainchild 'Tanta-Mukti' committees, set up in villages for amicable settlement of petty cases without registering formal complaints at police stations, are doing well in the sensitive district.In the statewide assessment of 'Tanta-Mukti' committees for 2011, Gadchiroli district has been placed seventh among all districts of Maharashtra. It jumped 24 steps since the year before. Ahmednagar in Marathwada topped the chart followed by Buldhana in Vidarbha and Satara in Western Maharashtra.Under erstwhile superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, S Vireesh Prabhu, who handed over the charge to Mohammed Suwez Haque on Monday, the Tanta-Mukti committees were set up in 88 more villages in the ongoing year. Prabhu said the concept could spread to more villages. \"We can expect many more villages to adopt the system of amicable dispute settlement. There are certain remote and highly sensitive villages where the spreading this concept would be challenging,\" he said.Tanta-Mukti was introduced in Gadchiroli a few years back but its spread and activities remained shunted. Till 2011, there were 168 villages that had adopted the system. Of these, 28 village committees received special awards for working under adverse situations and often risking life. The popularity of the concept grew to such an extent that regular courts at Armori and Kurkheda were not getting enough cases. Government finally decided that the courts here would work only for 15 days every month.The success of the Tanta-Mukti concept in Gadchiroli is even more creditable as the government-driven system had an arch rival in the so-called 'Jan Adalats' or people's court conducted by Naxals whenever a dispute is referred to them or the rebels wanted to dispense their way of justice for any issue.The Naxals had gunned down Gajanan Madavi, president of the Tanta-Mukti committee from Jaravandi village in Etapalli taluka in May last month. It is learnt they had also issued threats to many Tanta-Mukti members at places like Repanpalli. Many members have been either told to resign or stop attending the meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398681", "title": "Train drivers go to NHRC seeking better working conditions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Overworked and stressed out, locomotive pilots have petitioned the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) seeking better working conditions, claiming that they were denied time for food and refreshment and had to even go without toilet breaks during gruelling 12-hour shifts, mostly in the night.The pilots took their complaint to the rights watchdog after repeated requests to the railways to change the rulebook failed to evoke a positive response.Of late, the railways has blamed errors on the part of train drivers for accidents. The pilots counter that mistakes are inevitable when they have to put in long hours without proper rest.Under the rules, train pilots are not allowed to go for food, refreshment or take toilet breaks during duty hours, arguing that it may divert their attention and pose a threat to train passengers.\"As there is shortage of train drivers, we are subjected to pathetic working conditions. No worker in the human race is disallowed time for nature's call or food and refreshment. Even military men on war duties are allowed sufficient food during war,\" Indian Railway Loco Running Men's Organization ( IRLRO) working president Sanjay Pandhi said.\"We want to make the public aware that under distressed physical conditions, any driver can make mistakes and that can cause havoc to rail safety,\" he added.In its petition, the union urged NHRC to protect train drivers' right to take food or take toilet breaks during the mandated 12 working hours, arguing that there was no provision for these rights in the Railways Act.\"The duty hours of loco running staff are 12 hours. It can now be understood that we are lawfully and officially prohibited to take food and attend to nature's call. Train crew is left with no other lawful option but to control hunger and also control nature's call till the end of duty hours,\" the petition said.The union alleged that railways arbitrarily changed the rules for drivers from working 10 hours in single duty and made it 12 hours plus indefinite hours.The union also claimed that there were many grey areas in the working conditions. For instance, there is no provision for weekly or periodical off, no break during duty hours and no cut-off time for night duty for drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14396163", "title": "Hard narcotics out, Chennai high on pharma drugs", "text": "CHENNAI: Hard drugs such as brown sugar are not as easily available in the city as they were even a few years ago, thanks to the efforts of law enforcement agencies and NGOs dealing with the problem. But there has been a corresponding rise in the abuse of scheduled drugs sold across the counter by pharmacists, coupled with alcohol abuse, in Chennai, experts said on Monday, a day ahead of International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking.Dr Anita Rao, of TT Ranganathan Clinical Research Foundation (TTK Hospital), said scheduled drugs are currently being abused much more than intravenous substances. \"There has been a sharp decline in IV drug use since the '90s,\" she said. \"HIV and other awareness programmes contributed to this change but drug addiction has not declined, only the type of drugs used has changed,\" she said. She said alcohol is also taking a heavy toll on youngsters.Additional director-general of police (crime) Prateep V. Philip said the use and street sale of hard drugs has dropped drastically. \"But eliminating drug abuse requires a concerted effort by everyone,\" he said.K N S Varadhan, of Freedom Care, a group working among drug addicts and alcoholics, said, \"There were 30 places in the city where you could score (buy) brown sugar. Now you have only a couple of peddlers who operate by cellphone and deliver the drug at home.\"Vardhan, a recovering addict himself, said youngsters now exchange the phone numbers of peddlers on Facebook. \"Cocaine was available in some quantities but only if you were in the party circuit. The major supplier was a Nigerian national who was recently arrested by the Bangalore police. Police have information about his clientele in Chennai,\" he said.Four major drug pushers in the city suburbs were arrested for the murder of another Nigerian national at Selayur after a drug deal soured in 2010. They jumped bail but went underground and have not been active in narcotics dealing since then.Marina Beach and Satya Nagar are now the hot spots to buy drugs, said Amith (name changed), a user who is in rehab. \"Please write about pharmacies that ruin the lives of youngsters by selling them drugs across the counter,\" he said.According to statistics, there were around 10,000 users of hard drugs in the city in 2000. The number reduced to 4,500 in 2004 and to 800 in 2007.People working to rehabilitate drug addicts urged parents to spend time with their children and get to know their friends. \"Parents should also look for signs of fatigue, glazed eyes and dilated pupils, poor eating and sleeping habits as they are signs of drug use,\" Varadhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14396562", "title": "In-principle approval to rescue centre at Gorewada", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Zoo Authority (CZA), a statutory body under the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), has granted an in-principle approval to the rescue centre coming up at Gorewada.Dr Brij Kishor Gupta, the evaluation and monitoring officer of CZA who was in the city to inspect the circus, said the expert group on zoo designing has approved the rescue centre design and forwarded the proposal to the technical committee. Gupta said a meeting has been organized in Delhi on July 3.The committee will forward the proposal to the minister for environment and forests now. It will take a month to complete all the formalities. The rescue centre proposal was lingering, with the CZA picking up several flaws in the proposal.On April 16, the expert group on zoo designing of the CZA had asked the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM), which is executing the Gorewada international zoo project, to mark service lines like water supply, sewage, drainage, and electricity supply in the master layout plan. It has also been advised to have enough number of kraals in enclosures, particularly of carnivores.In May first week, the FDCM had complied with the enclosure designs and other suggestions following which the expert group cleared the rescue centre proposal this month.A rescue centre in Nagpur is need of the hour, especially in the backdrop of man-animal conflict and spurt in number of wild animals being removed from the forests. Currently, the rescued animals are being put up in makeshift enclosures at the forest department's nursery at Seminary Hills.For the past two years, the proposal was hanging fire. The government earmarked Rs 20 crore for the rescue centre but due to delay from the CZA wildlife in the region continued to suffer. There is no place where rescued animals can be kept.The rescue centre proposal was first submitted to the CZA on October 15, 2010. Since then, it was for the fourth time the zoo authority had asked the forest department to rework the plan.PDKV not serious on zoo master plan\"We have asked the Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) to comply with the master plan for the Maharajbagh Zoo but it has failed to do so,\" said Dr BK Gupta.Gupta said the PDKV will have to comply with the changes suggested by the technical committee before a go ahead is granted for physical implementation of the plan.The Jan Sansadhan Vikas Sanstha (JSVS), Bhopal , which was entrusted with the preparation of zoo master plan had submitted the final plan in May 2011. In June, the Akola headquartered PDKV, submitted the Rs 10 crore master plan to the CZA. However, the final corrections are yet to be done by the Bhopal-based consultant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14399554", "title": "Met department to come up with crop forecasting centre in two years", "text": "VARANASI: Giving more sting and accuracy to forecasting of crop yield under different climatic conditions in the country, Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) is now eyeing National Centre for Crop Forecasting for help. The centre promises to offer integrated input on crop simulation model. It had already been established at Indian Agricultural Research Institute (IARI), New Delhi and expected to start forecasting in the next two years.The centre would provide a wide range of forecasting services based on reliable database. It would also provide integrated inputs, using all types of data, including remote sensing, vegetation index, soil and moisture data to provide vital input for crop simulation model and crop forecasting. It would also pave the way for developing early warning system for crop forecasting, similar to the early warning system that forecasts weather conditions, leading to advanced preparations, said K K Singh, head, agromet division, IMD, while talking to TOI on Monday.Singh, a BHU alumnus, was in the city to inaugurate six-day advanced training workshop on 'Application of crop simulation models and decision support system in yield forecasting', organised by Institute of Environment and Sustainable Development (IESD), BHU, which began on Monday.The network of forecasting of agriculture outputs through satellite, agro-meteorology and land-based observations (FASAL), had already been extended to 46 centres in the country. The focus is now on strengthening capacity building and training to stabilise the programme. A number of institutes like IIT-Kharagpur, IIT-Roorkee, BHU, a number state agriculture universities and ICAR are part of the programme which uses prediction model for crop forecasting. \"Some states like Jharkhand, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu have shown encouraging results in kharif and rabi season. We have selected states like Maharashtra, UP, Orissa, north eastern states and Jammu and Kashmir as target states to replicate the success,\" Singh said.FASAL programme was started in 2009 under the ministry of agriculture for sustainable agricultural growth and food security in the country. Based on inputs through remote sensing, agro-meteorology and land-based observations, forecasting of agricultural outputs are predicted at various stages of crop development. It starts with crop prediction at sowing time, using district-level data (raw information) on soil. Weather and crop management conditions and outputs are forecast at later stages such as flowering stage, pre-harvesting period (nearly a fortnight before the crop is harvested) and finally at harvesting stage.Moving from predictive to adoptive model, using integrated services under one roof, would help in diagnosing agriculture-related risks like climate related conditions such as drought and flood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14398387", "title": "Expedite recovery of dues from Essar, HC tells govt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a setback to Essar Oil Ltd (EOL), the Gujarat high court on Monday directed the state government to expedite the recovery of sales tax deferral liability from the company.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Mohinder Pal rejected EOL's petition seeking relief in payment of the Rs 6,414 crore sales tax liability by way of annual installments and exemption in payment of interest, as well as, the penalty amount. According to the state government, the penalty amount alone stands at nearly Rs 2,000 crore.Asking the government to extract the huge amount from the company as per the Supreme Court's directions, the HC pulled up the company for its behaviour saying, \"We fail to understand as to why the company, which had collected the sales tax from its customers and invested the said amount in its own project, asks for such benefit on equitable grounds.\"After the SC rejected the company's review petition, Essar Oil approached the state government with a request to permit to pay the tax in eight annual installments from April 2013. As the government did not respond, the company moved the HC last month seeking direction to the government to decide on its request. Later, it agreed to pay the amount in six installments from this year.However, the court has dismissed its plea and directed the government to recover the amount of more than Rs 8,000 crore from the company.Relying on the SC order, the state government vehemently opposed EOL's plea and maintained that the company was not eligible to avail benefit under the 'Capital Incentive to Premier and Prestigious Unit Scheme 1995-2000'. This was because it did not start commercial production within deadline set for the scheme. The company indulged in its own enrichment using the money that it owed to the state, said government pleader Prakash Jani.Essar Oil, in a written statement said, it is yet to receive the copy of the order, but once this is received, the company plans to take appropriate actions, including appealing the decision before the Supreme Court of India.\"As previously announced, Essar Oil is also in advanced discussions with Indian lenders with regard to putting in place a $1 billion (Rs50 billion) loan facility as a contingency measure for use in the event that the sales tax liability becomes payable immediately or that Essar Oil is not able to negotiate a satisfactory repayment schedule. We expect this facility to be finalized shortly,\" said the release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14396616", "title": "UP has maximum police vacancies", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP), the largest civil force in the country, leads from the front on two dubious counts as well - highest number of vacancies, and, as a result, maximum number of pendency of cases. The total unsolved cases in fact constitute 20% of total pendencies in India.The UPP has less than half the sanctioned strength of 19,898 sub-inspectors (SIs), who are also the investigating officers in criminal cases. The figures stand at 9,798. Similarly, against a sanctioned strength of 3,03,346 head constables and constables, there are only 1,01,676 of them, which is almost one-third of the optimum strength.Both SIs and the constabulary form the backbone of the manpower required for speedy investigation of cases, prompt action to maintain law and order and escorting undertrials from police stations to courts and jail or vice-versa. Hence their acute shortage adds to not only to the total of cases pending investigations but some other extremely important elements of policing which have a direct bearing on the crime scene of the region: custody deaths and intertribal escaping from crime scene.The custody deaths and escapes of undertrials from police custody jointly result in the maximum number of cases relating to violation of human rights in police custody. It is no surprise that UP tops the list of states with maximum number of custody deaths, undertrials escaping from police custody and complaints of human rights violation. This is primarily because in these cases, SI, HC or constable ranks are involved.In 2010, a total of 88 incidents of escape from custody were lodged in the state. Of 97 persons who escaped in these cases, five had escaped from police lock-up and 92 during transit. UP stands third in India among states which have a high rate of undertrials escaping from police custody. Madhya Pradesh tops the chart with 15 escapes from lock-up and 142 during transit. The corresponding figures for Maharashtra are 26 and 125 respectively.The same year, 12,119 complaints of police misconduct were lodged with the government out of which 3,418 were found to be untrue while 8,701 were substantiated. Departmental inquiries were ordered in 8,693 complaints while eight cases were referred for magisterial probe. Chargesheets were filed in 823 cases. In both the heads, UP ranks among the top three states in the country.If different set of officials are deputed for law and order duties, crime investigations and police escorts for undertrials, it would produce better results. But in UP, the situation is exactly the opposite, said a senior police official.\"Due to shortage of manpower, an SI has to be engaged for law and order duties and at the same time carry out the investigation of pending cases besides probing other crimes that take place under his jurisdiction,\" said a sub-inspector (SI). \"Even if an SI gives 100% to all three stages, it will actually come out to be a meagre 30% of what another officer of the same rank posted to handle one issue at a time would offer. This takes its toll on the quality of work,\" he added.Be it the custodial death, torture and complaints of police harassment or escape of undertrials, in all these cases, it is this very section of the police force that is under the scanner, said former state DGP KL Gupta. \"I am strongly of the view that the service conditions of this section of cops contributes a great deal in the complaints that pour in against the cops. This is the only section that is made to do all kinds of official and unofficial works in the police force,\" Gupta said.At the unofficial front, SIs and HCs often have to run errands for senior officers and their families. A former sub-inspector Chandrabhanu said, \"We have to excel in everything right, from making sure that any senior IAS or IPS officers' family is getting the right treatment at the local hospital, arranging free passes for events and ensuring that the saheb's family gets a fare deal at the local market to ensuring that our saheb's daughter and son gets admission at the best school/colleges and that spoilt brats of our bosses are let off if nabbed for some crime. This is only the unofficial part,\" he said, adding, \"The irony is that we get more severely punished if we fail to deliver in unofficial matters rather than official duties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14395741", "title": "Woman janitor falls to death at Eternity Mall in Thane", "text": "THANE: A 41-year-old woman, Durga Ballaya, women sweeping assistant died after slipping from the second floor of Eternity mall in Thane, while cleaning the glass panel along the mall's stairs on Monday.BallayaDurga Ballaya is said to have stretched herself across the stairs' railing when she lost her balance and landed on the ground floor. She was rushed to the Thane civil hospital where doctors proclaimed her dead. The Wagle Estate police are probing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14399616", "title": "Kurien, Narayanan &amp; Abraham for Rajya Sabha", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: UDF candidates P J Kurien and Joy Abraham, and C P Narayanan of the LDF were elected to the Rajya Sabha from Kerala on Monday.While Kurien secured 37 votes, Narayanan and Joy Abraham polled 36 votes each. The fourth candidate, CPI's C N Chandran got 31 votes against the winning mark of 36 votes.Voting, which began at 9 am, was marred by with both the fronts hurling allegations against each other. LDF lodged a complaint against Roshy Augustine and V K Ebrahim Kunju for flashing their ballot papers after casting the votes. And the UDF complained against K Ajith for allegedly correcting his ballot following a discussion with LDF polling agents.Both the fronts, however, mutually agreed to withdraw the complaints. This is the first time that Narayanan and Joy Abraham are getting elected to the upper house and for P J Kurien, it is the third stint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "14400455", "title": "Tennis: Ankush Arora lifts a doubles title", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Ankush Arora of BRS Nagar is inching closer to his dream of becoming a top-seeded lawn tennis player. He has just returned home with a doubles title in All India Tennis Association (AITA)'s talent series championship held in Noida. He also won the runners-up title in a singles match at Lucknow under the same series. In both competitions he took part in under-18 category.The 15-year-old said he is satisfied with the performance but was let down about missing the singles title. \"In the doubles match I played with Pranav Malhotra. We beat Vijanash Sachdeva and Shivam Dabas of New Delhi by 6-1 and 6-0. However, in Lucknow I lost to Gautam Anand in three sets 3-6, 6-3 and 3-6 but it was an interesting match,\" he said.A fan of Roger Federer, Ankush said these achievements will improve his ranking.\"I have been playing for five years in Ludhiana and went to Germany twice in 2011 for improving my skills. Now I generally spend six hours on court coaching under Vikramjeet Singh and Sadhna. My aim is to represent the country internationally and grab a grand slam title,\" he said. But tennis is not his only love, said the Class X-student. \"I love music and enjoy it to relax,\" he added.Praising his trainee's potential, coach Vikramjeet said Ankush will be able to prove his worth if he is consistent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398549", "title": "Sheila Dikshit hints at substantial hike in power tariff", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indicating a substantial hike in power tariff, Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Monday said power regulator DERC will have to take a realistic view of the situation while finalizing the new rates.Delhi has been reeling under severe outages for the past four days after state-run NHPC cut supply of 200MW power to BSES for failing to pay up dues of over Rs 225 crore. Another generation firm Damodar Valley Corporation has threatened to stop 280MW supply to the discom if it did not make payment of around Rs 330 crore. \"We are waiting for DERC to announce the (tariff) order. Everybody knows about the situation. I hope the decision of the regulatory body will be based on realistic view of the current situation,\" Dikshit said when asked about the power situation in the city.The Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) is likely to announce the new power tariff in a day or two. In August 2011, the regulator had hiked the tariff by 22% for all categories of consumers. The tariff was hiked by 5% in February and by up to 2% in May to adjust the power purchase cost of the discoms. Justifying demand by the private discoms to hike tariff, Dikshit said cost of power has increased significantly in the last few years and the new rates will have to be finalized taking into consideration the ground realities.Pragati Power Corporation Ltd (PPCL) and Indraprastha Power Generation Corporation Ltd (IPGCL), the two power generation companies of Delhi government, also told BSES last week to clear their dues of around Rs 1,300 crore. These two companies supply around 330MW of power to BSES. Citing fund crunch, Tata-backed discom TPDDL had earlier this month requested the Delhi government to help it financially by injecting a fresh equity of Rs 245 crore on the lines of similar assistance provided to BSES in January.In December 2011, Delhi government had offered a bailout package to BSES by infusing fresh equity of Rs 500 crore to the company. Reliance had infused Rs 520 crore and the total amount of Rs 1,020 crore was used for getting a loan of Rs 5,000 crore from IDBI Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14398379", "title": "Maj Gen faces army inquiry in bribery case", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another corruption scandal in the top echelons of the armed forces, a major general posted in the crucial Northern Army Command in Jammu and Kashmir is in the dock for allegedly demanding and accepting a bribe from a local contractor.The Army is conducting a court of inquiry (CoI) against Major General VK Sharma, who as the major-general of Army Service Corps (MG ASC) of the Udhampur-based Northern Army Command was responsible for the supply of rations and other supplies to troops deployed along the Line of Control and high-altitude areas like Kargil and Siachen as well as those engaged in counter-insurgency operations.\"Maj-Gen Sharma was going on a posting since he had completed his tenure at the Northern Command. But now, he has been attached there to face the CoI, which will establish whether the bribery charges are true or not. He is not under arrest,\" said a senior officer.Over three lakh soldiers are deployed in J&K;, both for guarding the borders as well as undertaking counter-insurgency operations in the hinterland. The Northern Command, consequently, procures rations and supplies in huge quantities to sustain the large number of troops in the state.This is just the latest corruption scandal to hit the 1.13-million Army, whose image has taken a huge knock in recent years due to a series of land, liquor, meat, cereal, petrol and other scams. Even senior Lt-General rank officers have been indicted in these scams.Scathing CAG reports, in recent times, have held that sub-standard foodstuff and rations are being provided to soldiers, with the main villains of the piece being the Army Service Corps (ASC), Army Purchase Organization and flourishing cartels.The CAG report, as reported by TOI earlier, had painted a dismal picture of the way procurement and supply of dry (rice, wheat, dal, sugar, tea, oil, tinned stuff) and fresh (vegetables, fruit, meat, milk) rations are being undertaken at an annual cost of Rs 1,440 crore.Noting satisfaction levels of troops about quantity, quality and taste of rations was \"very low\", CAG had called for a complete overhaul of the existing system, ranging from computerization and better procurement procedures to expansion in the vendor base and blacklisting of defaulters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14397440", "title": "Jaskaran aims for Punjab-19 team berth", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh under-19 skipper Jaskaranvir Singh is among runs.Two double centuries on the trot, a ton and five half centuries combine to make a massive 920 runs in the Punjab Inter-district Cricket Tournament (Under-19) for Dhruv Pandove Trophy.His marathon scoring has helped his team won the title but more importantly the 18-year-old wicketkeeper-batsman from Mohali has given enough food for thought to selectors.Jaskaranvir said, \"I was enjoying game and the runs were coming easily. I hope to keep going in the under-22 matches and see what is in store for me.\"My first priority is to break into Punjab-19 team and then see what happens, he adds. Jaskaranvir, a student of DAV College, Sector-10 said, \"The heat was too much but I was concentrating on my batting and that kept me focused.\"Jaskaranvir was an avid football player but took to cricket in class VI at Guru Nanak Public School, Sector-36. Jaskaran has strokes in his armoury and is gunning to make it into Punjab side. If he keeps going who knows he may break into India under-19 team. After all, Punjab's Mandeep Singh, Manan Vohra and Sandeep Sharma also made it to the India team by scoring heavily in domestic tournament.Jaskaran's father Satbir Singh, a landlord in Punjab has been keenly watching his son's progress and very happy about the way his son's career is shaping up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14400560", "title": "Ayush organises yoga workshop for schoolteachers", "text": "MYSORE: It is a widely acclaimed fact that yoga reduces anxiety and stress , resulting in good health, and that a yoga practitioner gets numerous health benefits. With this motto, the department of Ayush, in association with zilla panchayat, started yoga education camp for schoolteachers on Monday.Around 100 teachers from HD Kote are participating in the six day-yoga camp. Regional Telecom Training Centre has become a home for the participants for a week. They are being introduced to yoga, health and home treatment during a 12-hour session between 6am and 6pm. They are trained in different forms of yoga like Ashtangayoga, nature therapy, pranik healing, Ganapati exercise and the like.\"Yoga has international acceptance. It should be taught from grass-root level. If we teach schoolteachers, they will pass on the knowledge to students, which will be beneficial to them,\" said Dr Nagesh, district Ayush officer.Besides being educated and trained in yoga, the teachers are also kept on strict food diet. Food cooked without using garlic, onion, tomato and brinjal make their meal. \"Ayurvedic food diet is followed. It will help teachers with good health,\" said Jayarevanna, yoga adviser from Ayush.The camp is mostly attended by physical education teachers. They have come here on their own interest, and with an intention to learn yoga so it can be taught to their students later.\"It is a very good programme. I heard about special food diet. It is a new experience for us, and I'm sure it enhances our teaching method,\" said Vimala T, PE trainer from a school in Sogehalli near HD Kote.A similar programme was conducted last year for schoolteachers from Nanjangud and T Narasipura, and it was successful. \"This is the first batch for this academic year. The next two batches will cover teachers from Periyapatna and Mysore taluk,\" Nagesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14401236", "title": "Senior cop held in kidnap-extortion case", "text": "MUMBAI: Manoj Lohar, the additional superintendent of police who was wanted by the Jalgaon police in a kidnapping and extortion case for the past two years, was arrested from Thane by the city crime branch late Sunday evening. Manoj is one of the three Lohar brothers who were dismissed from police service in 2006 during the probe into the MPSC recruitment scam. All of them were reinstated in 2009 following court directives.Later that year, the kidnapping and extortion case was registered against Manoj. He had been absconding since 2010.According to sources, the state DGP's office had issued a general alert in March to trace Manoj. The property cell of the crime branch kept a close watch on his house in Thane. On Sunday, officers from the property cell got information that Manoj was paying a secret visit to his flat. However, by the time they reached the spot, he had left in his car with his wife and children. Manoj and his family members went to a Chinese restaurant on Ghodbunder Road for dinner.\"One of our officers went inside the restaurant posing as a patron and looked for Manoj. We had a photograph of Manoj , which was key to identifying him first before cornering him,\" said Himanshu Roy, JCP (crime). Around 9.45pm, when Manoj came out of the restaurant and was about to sit in his car, inspector Nandkumar Gopale and his team detained him. Manoj was then taken to the police headquarters. After his arrest by the Mumbai police, Lohar was handed over to the Jalgaon cops on Monday. He would be produced in court on Tuesday.Earlier, a complaint was lodged by Jalgaon zilla parishad member Uttam Mahajan, who alleged that Manojan additional police superintendent then\u2014had detained him for two days, called up his family and demanded money for his release.There was reportedly some financial dispute between Mahajan and an educational institution . Based on the institution's complaint, Manoj allegedly kidnapped Mahajan and sought to extort money from his family. Subsequently, Mahajan met the chief minister as well as home minister R R Patil, who ordered an inquiry.Two separate inquiries, which were conducted by DSP Santosh Rastogi and IGP (Amravati ) Dalbir Bharti, recommended criminal action against Manoj; a case was also registered against him with the Jalgaon police.Sunil, Manoj and Nitin Lohar, sons of former additional director general of police Prabhakar Lohar, were appointed deputy superintendents of police through the MPSC. Manoj was appointed in 1992, Nitin in 1998 and Sunil in 2001 The government terminated the services of all three brothers on January 24, 2006, after the MPSC withdrew its recommendation to appoint them as DSPs. The three then moved court .A division bench ruled that the MPSC had violated the principles of natural justice as no hearing was granted to the officers during an internal inquiry into the recruitment scam.The court observed that though notices were served on the three Lohar brothers after completion of the inquiry, no chargesheet was filed in the matter. The three were not granted a hearing as well. The proceedings of the internal inquiry were also not made available to them.ACB submitted a report saying the complaint against the Lohars was false and registered on the basis of false facts and out of grudge.Sunil and Nitin later changed their surname, but Manoj continued to use Lohar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14399803", "title": "I accept the punishment, says Gopi Kottamurickal", "text": "KOCHI: A day after the the CPM decided to expel him from the party, former CPM district secretary Gopi Kottamurickal said on Monday that he was ready to accept the punishment decided by the party.At his residence in Muvattupuzha, Kottamurickal said that he would never turn against the party which helped him scale heights.He said he would not maintain that justice was denied to him by the party and the inquiry committee. He reiterated that Sarma and K Chandran Pillai were behind the candid camera controversy.He alleged that M C Josephine, one of the members of the committee, behaved in a partisan manner. Though she was authorised to inform Kottamurickal about appearing before the committee as part of collecting evidence, Josephine failed to do so. Josephine gave a reception to K V Thomas after he won the Ernakulam Parliament seat, defeating CPM candidate Sindhi Joy, Kottamurickal said.The CPM state committee, which met in Thiruvananthapuram on Sunday, decided to expel him after the committee which inquired about the candid camera controversy recommended strong action. According to the VS faction leaders in the district, Kottamurickal used the party district committee office for immoral activities. The state committee also suspended party district secretariat member K I Chackochan from the party for six months. Another district secretariat member P S Mohanan was demoted to the area committee for conspiracy related to the candid camera episode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14397660", "title": "Senior civilian official held in recruitment scam", "text": "PUNE: The CBI on Monday arrested senior civilian official S S Waghmare of the establishment section at the National Defence Academy (NDA) for his involvement in an alleged scam regarding appointment of Class-IV employees at the NDA. He is the seventh suspect arrested in the case.CBI superintendent of police ( anti-corruption bureau) Rajkumar Watkar told TOI that Waghmare, who was posted at the NDA in 2011, is one of the conduits in the case. He was arrested after investigations had revealed that he had taken bribes from several candidates to recommend their names for various posts, Watkar added.Waghmare will be produced before the special court on Tuesday.\"Waghmare's department was responsible for framing and issuing advertisements, collecting applications, preparing applicants' list and giving it to the presiding officer of the board of officers and sending letters to successful applicants. We believe the money-exchange started here as he would come in contact with job-seekers,\" senior CBI officials said.On Saturday, the CBI arrested Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to the NDA commandant.The others who have been arrested in connection with the case are Balkrishna Charanlal Kanojia, Vishnu Prasad Sharma, Dattatreya Eknath Shitkal, Manoj Marut Shitkal and Ramesh Dilip Gaikwad. A special court has sent Singh and five others to CBI custody till July 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14395938", "title": "Districts keep Andhra Pradesh in high spirits", "text": "HYDERABAD: While it was a windfall for the government in the form of application fee for liquor licence due to the overwhelming response in the districts, Monday, the last day for filing applications, turned out to be a damp squib for Hyderabad as there were virtually few takers.In all, over 50,000 applications were filed across the state fetching a revenue of Rs 125 crore to the exchequer. Each application was priced at Rs 25,000. The competition was fierce in the interior parts of districts like Guntur, Vishakapatanam and Vijayawada with as many as 150 applications having been submitted for a single shop.However, in Hyderabad, the response was very discouraging with the number of applications having not crossed 100 at 6.30 pm on the last day. Of the 212 shops allotted for the city, applications were received for only 80.The poor response is attributed to the disparity in annual license fee fixed based on the population of the area where the shops are proposed. The fee is a modest Rs 32 lakh where the population is less than 10,000 and it is a staggering Rs 1.04 crore where the population is more than 10 lakh.Naturally dealers were put off by the heavy licence fee of Rs 1.04 crore in the state capital. But curiously, in the neighbouring Ranga Reddy district applications were received for all the allotted shops although the license fee for some shops is the same as in Hydeabad.The licences will be allotted by drawing of lots on Tuesday. The existing licences will expire on 30 June and the new licences are valid from 1 July, when the new excise policy will come into force.As there are no takers for several shops in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh Beverage Corporation Limited (APBCL) is gearing up to take over them even as the government is mulling asking liquor manufacturers to take some of them.Not completely equipped to handle the retail trade, ABPCL is planning to outsource the manpower. Each shop requires four employees including a supervisor, an assistant supervisor, and two sales boys, and their total salary is estimated around Rs. 30,000.\"We will chalk out a plan based on the final picture that would emerge after the draw of lots is over, on Tuesday,\" said a senior APBCL officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14399510", "title": "Vladimir Putin heads for Pakistan, India watchful", "text": "NEW DELHI: Russia, India's strongest international partner, is trying its hand at engaging Pakistan, an exercise that will be watched carefully in New Delhi.Vladimir Putin , Russian president, will be in Islamabad on September 26 for a \"quadrilateral\" meeting with Tajikistan , Pakistan and Afghanistan on the future of Afghanistan. Putin will also have a first-ever bilateral summit in Islamabad along with the quadrilateral. The \"quadrilateral\" last met in Dushanbe in 2011. India and the US recently started a trilateral dialogue with Afghanistan to continue assisting Afghan development after the Nato withdrawal in 2014.Indian analysts believe this visit could be the beginning of a deeper strategic realignment that brings together various intersecting interests. Prabhat Shukla, former envoy to Russia, says, \"The Russian policy of opening up to Pakistan is a well-settled response to a perceived opening up by India towards the US. We saw it in the late 1960s, again a decade later, and are seeing it being repeated now. If it ever made strategic sense in the 1960s, or even in the late 1970s, it certainly does not now.\"Russia, though, is returning to what it calls its \"near abroad\". Primary is Russia's increasing interest in the stability of the Central Asian countries, many of whom are threatened by Islamic terrorism that has its roots in the terror groups inside Pakistan. Moscow might see a greater engagement with Islamabad as a way to understand Pakistan's actions. Russia's Pakistani initiative comes as Islamabad's relationship with its principal backer, the US, is determinedly heading south.Ronen Sen, former envoy to Moscow and Washington, said, \"This is a sign of the re-alignments in anticipation of the Afghanistan withdrawal.\"Russia remains engaged with the US on Afghanistan \u2014 Moscow and Washington are in the process of working out a deal to ship a significant amount of Nato equipment out of Afghanistan through the Northern Distribution Network (NDW), which is being used more intensively after Pakistan denied permission for Nato trucks to go through its territory.New Delhi will look out for an opening of the arms sales spigot by Russia for Pakistan. Russia, until now, has been the only power to keep Pakistan on its negative list for arms sales. However, in recent years, Russia weighed in with Ukraine to sell tanks to Pakistan. Indians expect to see a beginning in the supply of these spares to Pakistan. \"Their ultimate interest would be to sell weapons. We have to watch that carefully,\" says Rana Banerji, a Pakistan expert and formerly with RAW.India has diversified significantly from Russian weapons in recent years. Like the US, Russia fell by the wayside in the MMRCA deal. The nuclear deal with the US and the NSG waiver put India in the US basket, while Russia has been understandably miffed with India's clumsy handling of the nuclear protests at Kudankulam. For its part, India is convinced the Chinese fighter jet carried \"leaked\" engine designs of the Su fighter that India sourced from Russia. Shukla says, \"It would be a loss for India too, if there were to be any diminution of trust or dynamism in the Indo-Russian relationship. It is a trusted relationship, and irreplaceable.\"Russia is moving inexorably into China's power orbit, which could also explain its interest in Pakistan. For Pakistan, an opening with Russia, when the US and other Western countries are turning away from it, is huge. As a way of thumbing its nose at India, the Putin visit will be invaluable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14396329", "title": "Special teams search Jaisalmer villages, Phalodi area to nab Jakhar", "text": "JAISALMER: Police have constituted special teams to nab Kailash Jakhar, accused in Bhanwari Devi case who fled the Jodhpur high court premises on June 14.These teams are searching villages in Jaisalmer district and Phalodi canal areas after security agencies hinted at the possibility of Jakhar hiding in a village in the area. Police is also questioning his relatives to get some information about his possible hide-outs.IG, Jodhpur range D C Jain said special teams comprising experienced inspectors, sub inspectors and other police personnel has been formed. The officers have been deployed in rural areas of Jaisalmer-Jodhpur districts.Jain said as per information received from various sources Jakhar could be hiding in Bikaner, Jaisalmer's Banju and Nokh villages or Jodhpur's Phalodi, Bhap and other canal areas.The IG said the geographical conditions in the canal belt of Jaisalmer-Phalodi are very tough. It is very difficult to reach the hamlets situated in these remote areas. Police and security agencies, therefore, are finding it a big challenge to scan these areas. Special Operations Group's (SOG) help too is being taken by the police, Jain added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "alappuza", "code": "14399744", "title": "Kudumbashree workers demand better safety measures", "text": "ALAPPUZA: The workers of Kudumbashree and Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) on Monday staged a protest meeting at the Sarvodayapuram waste treatment plant of Alappuzha municipality, alleging that the municipal authorities had failed to ensure proper safety measures for them.Alappuzha municipal authorities have deployed as many as 20 Kudumbashree workers from the municipal area for waste segregation work. The authorities of Mararikkulam south grama panchayat, where the waste treatment plant of the municipality is functioning, have also deployed as many as 15 MGNREGA workers for this purpose. However, these workers on Monday morning stopped work alleging that the municipal officials were turning a blind eye to their requests to ensure safe working conditions for them.Health inspector of Alappuzha municipality V Sivakumar said that on Monday morning, there were no gloves for the workers at the plant. \"Following this, they staged a protest at the plant. However, we distributed sufficient gloves to them later and they resumed work,'' he said.Mararikkulam south grama panchayat president N P Snehajan said that they had already worked out projects to ensure better working conditions for the workers of MGNREGA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14400385", "title": "Strike call gets good response from doctors", "text": "MANGALORE: The one-day nationwide strike call given by the Indian Medical Association (IMA) to protest certain reforms initiated by the Union government in the medical field evoked good response in Dakshina Kannada. Members of the Dakshina Kannada district branch of IMA under the leadership of its president Dr JP Shetty staged a protest in front of the IMA hall in Attavar here and also submitted a memorandum to the deputy commissioner.The strike was against the Centre's decision to set up a National Commission for Health and other policy decisions affecting medical profession.According to IMA, the Centre has brought under the umbrella of the commission, National Council for Human Resource in Health, Bachelor of Rural Health Care and MCI , and also proposed some amendments in laws related to clinical establishment and private practice resented by doctors.Approximately 5.5 lakh doctors in India and 80,000 in Karnataka participated in the strike. However, the doctors did not neglect the in-patients admitted to various nursing homes across the district, Dr Annayya said adding doctors also attended to emergency cases in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14403404", "title": "Salman Khan\u2019s bodyguard for Esha Deol", "text": "Shera and his team will take care of the actress' wedding functions to be held over four days in MumbaiThat Salman Khan is always ready to help out his near and dear ones isn't new. And thus, when talks about hiring a security agency to safeguard Esha Deol's wedding functions were on, he offered his best man - Shera. The actor's bodguard and his company Tiger Security were asked to ensure safety of the various functions to be held across the city over four days.When contacted, Shera confirmed that they would indeed be guarding the venues. \"I was told about this 15 days back. I will personally be present at all the functions and make sure there are no gatecrashers.\"Last night, at the sangeet ceremony held at a suburban five star, Shera was spotted taking rounds of the venue. \"He has been given clear instructions to let no unknown person in. Every invite has a special code and the event managers have a guest list to keep a tab on the guests. Shera had deployed 40 of his best security personnels for the sangeet. However, at the reception, he will have to get more guards since over 1000 people will be attending.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14399719", "title": "Body of private firm officer found in park", "text": "BOKARO: Unidentified criminals killed an officer of a private firm engaged in supplying labour and threw his body at City Park here.Police recovered the body of Sudhir Kumar, a resident of Sector-II/C in a decomposed state from the park on Monday. Local residents informed police about the body after foul smell emanating from the spot. It seems the body was lying there for the past few days as the wild animals and dogs have eaten several parts. The Father of the deceased, Ram Gopal Prasad, a retired BSL employee has lodged a complaint with city police station when Sudhir went missing on June 19.The Sudhir had left his home saying he was going to the market but had never returned. His family members launched a frantic search but in vain. Circle inspector Naresh Sahay said preliminary investigation suggests that it was a murder case.\"The reason behind the murder has not been ascertained. Investigation is on. There is a possibility of personnel rivalry,\" Sahay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14400681", "title": "\u2018Mismanagement\u2019 at Punjab State Education Board leaves many sweating", "text": "LUDHIANA: Scorching heat clubbed with no availability of water and lack of cops to mange crowds inconvenienced the students at the regional office of Punjab State Education Board (PSEB) located at Punjabi Bhawan, where thousands of students were queued to submit compartment forms for matriculation and intermediate classes. Monday was the last date for submission of these forms.Due to lack of arrangements and proper manning of the queues, the scene at the female counter was also miserable and students were witnessed standing for long hours in the scorching heat with no water for respite in vicinity.Harpreet Kaur, a student who had come all the way from Katari, said, \"I have been here since 6am, but the queues are moving very slow. I feel the authorities should have appointed female cops to manage things and facilitate easy and quick movement.\" Navjeet Singh, a student from Bhuta village said, \"I came here to submit my sister's form and have been standing in queue for the past three hours. To make things worse there is not even a single drop of water available nearby. The authorities should have arranged more counters for quick movement of students.Book depot manager, Anil Sharma said, \"The mad rush on the last day is a clear indication of the fact that the authorities have not given enough time for students to submit their forms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14404434", "title": "Mugamoodi scheduled for an August 31 release", "text": "Mysskin's Mugamoodi the film based on super hero subject is scheduled for an August 31st release.The movie has the protagonist fighting against corruption and the problems faced thereafter. The fantasy thriller has high octane action sequences and stunt coordinates from Hongkong have been roped in by the director. With the major portion of the movie completed, Mugamoodi is in the last leg of shooting and is expected to be wrapped up soon.Written and directed by Mysskin, the movie is produced by UTV Motion pictures. Alongside Jeeva, the casts include Narain as Baddie, Pooja Hegde as the female lead with Nasser, Anupama Kumar, Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Prakash Raj, Misha Goshal in supporting roles. Retaining his Yuddham Sei technicians, Mysskin has K for music and Sathya cranking the camera. Lyrics are penned by Madan Karky and Kabilan.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14400514", "title": "Power failure pushes residents to wit\u2019s end", "text": "LUDHIANA: Caught between a poorly-functioning sub-station and a short-on-supply Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL), residents have no relief from power failures in the city. While a technical snag in a high power transformer at the Ferozepur Road sub-station around 10 days ago has triggered unscheduled cuts, PSPCL has also announced two-hour-long scheduled cuts.Officials in the power department claim they will fix the technical snag in 100 mva transformer by Wednesday night. But they are silent about the power cuts to be imposed. Chief engineer of PSPCL Ludhiana K L Sharma said, \"The transformer will most probably start functioning by Wednesday evening and then most power cut problems should be solved.\" Regarding state-level power cuts he said these cuts are being imposed based on demand. \"If the demand dips due to pleasant weather, the cut will not be imposed,\" he added.Residents see it as the failure of power department. \"Power cuts are creating problems for residents but the worst thing is overloading that causes voltage fluctuation throughout the night. When we try to register complaints with the department there is no response from employees,\" said Manjit Singh, a businessman and resident of Gurdev Nagar.Kitchlu Nagar-resident Mona Arora said, \"Power failures are a routine feature in the summer season and we try to brace ourselves up for it but this time there is no schedule for the cuts. Because of the fire in power sub-stations we have been struggling a lot in the last month. The system needs to be upgraded first because residents are bearing the brunt of outdated systems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14395954", "title": "Sri Lankan inmates in special camp allege police harassment", "text": "CHENNAI: An indefinite hunger strike by 10 Sri Lankan refugees at the Chengalpet special camp against their detention entered its 11th day on Monday.The strike has brought the spotlight on a small group of protestors, including some LTTE sympathizers and others accused of human trafficking and smuggling. Eight of the protesting Lankan Tamils, who were admitted in the Chengalpet government hospital by police a few days ago, are continuing their fast there.This is their second hunger strike within a year. They held a similar demonstration in April. CPI state secretary D Pandian, who visited them in the hospital on Monday, said, \"Their health condition has deteriorated and doctors say they are in a critical state.\"Police said 29 Lankan Tamils, two Nigerians, a South African and a Norwegian have been detained in the Chengalpet special camp. \"There are three former LTTE members in the camp. Few were members of other armed groups in Sri Lanka. But they have been detained here only for recent criminal activities,\" said a senior police officer. A few of them are accused of human trafficking and few others have been accused of smuggling. Once every three months, the conduct and behaviour of the special camp inmates, either acquitted or who have served their sentences, are being assessed. \"A committee, headed by a public secretary, will release the inmates based on reports of revenue, legal and police departments,\" said the officer.But the Lankan inmates blame their continued detention on procedural delay and allege harassment by the police. T Parabaran, one of the eight people in the hospital, told TOI, \"I have been detained in the special camp for more than two years. I have no cases in India, but I am forced to stay back in the special camp. We feel the situation in the camp is far worse than it is in Sri Lanka.\" He said during the earlier hunger strike in April officials had promised that 15 Sri Lankan Tamils would be released on June 5. \"But nothing happened. We are very firm about continuing our protest,\" he said.Some of the Lankan Tamils have been detained in the special camp for more than six years. Some of them are being detained even though the courts have acquitted them, said Pandian.He threatened to write a letter to chief minister J Jayalalithaa , pleading their case. Filmmaker Pugazhendi Thangaraj accused the government of delaying the release of the inmates. He had organized a 'telegram' campaign in which more than 500 telegrams were sent to the chief minister demanding release of the Lankan Tamils. A group of lyricists met on Monday and sought the chief minister's intervention in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14399332", "title": "Gyanvapi complex security panel fails to meet this year", "text": "VARANASI: The sensitivity of Kashi Vishwanath Temple-Gyanvapi complex has probably been reduced in the eyes of the government machinery.By going through the police records, it can be found that the meetings of standing committee on Kashi Vishwanath Gyanvapi security, led by ADG (security), had taken place only in March and September in 2011. It should be held on quarterly basis. No such meeting has taken place in current calendar year so far.The policy matters such as purchase of equipment and change or upgradation in security arrangements can be taken during the meetings. The committee is headed by ADG rank officer so no local authority is ready to comment on the issue of holding the meeting on quarterly bases.More shocking scenes can be seen by visiting in and around the complex. Electronic appliances and gadgets like mobile phone and cameras were banned with the introduction of upgraded security arrangements. Even security personnel deployed in red zone (inner cordon) of this complex were not allowed to use such gadgets. However, in past years, the security personnel started violating such ban and they could be found busy in telephonic conversations at the duty points.When TOI tried to know from senior superintendent of police B D Paulson on Monday, whether the norms for using of mobile phones inside red zone had been relaxed for the security personnel, he sought reply from ASP security Shripati Mishra over phone. This action of SSP yielded results as a deputy SP launched a checking drive inside the red zone and also took away mobile phones from the hands of many civil police constables.The DSP said: \"The junior cops leave their duty points. Whenever any senior officers starts inspection of duty point their colleagues alert them by using mobile phones and such cops return to their point before the officer reaches there. Due to it, the cops have been directed to deposit the mobile phones at shift in-charge office during duty hours.\" He said that decision whether CPMF personnel can keep the mobile phones would be taken by the senior officers of such forces.The government machinery has not succeeded in ensuring the availability of manpower as per the sanctioned positions of DSPs, inspectors, sub-inspectors, head constables, constables and women police for years. Against the sanctioned positions of head constables, women S-Is and women constables, the availability of such personnel at this shrine is meagre. The SSP said that only one position of DSP and women constables are vacant.More shocking was to find that the police authorities had no idea about the efforts to check the functioning of the sophisticated security equipment like automatic sliding gate, use of biometric scanner and finger print scanners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-26"}
