{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17056395", "title": "Bank manager held captive, harassed", "text": "BOKARO: Infuriated over non-payment of dues under the National Agricultural Insurance Scheme, district farmers along with panchayat representatives, held bank manager of Giridih Central Cooperative Gramin Bank, Anirudh Prasad, captive for over two hours at Jainamoad under Jaridih police station on Thursday.More than 30 villagers, all residents of Madhukarpur village under Kasmar Block, arrived at the bank and asked Prasad to clear their dues.When Prasad refused to do the same saying he had distributed funds to the beneficiaries in accordance with the list received from the government, the villagers got infuriated and dragged him to the ground floor from the first floor. There, they tied him to a chair with rope and raised slogans.Prasad was released only after policemen reached the spot and pacified the mob. The villagers alleged that Prasad has changed names in the list of beneficiaries. However, Prasad said that the allegation levelled against him is baseless.He lodged complaints against representatives of Zila Parishad, Laxman Nayak, Upender Karmali and 20 unknown villagers, said officer in-charge of Jaridih police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055412", "title": "Pressure mounts on Prithviraj Chavan to lower VAT, decision soon", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a cabinet meeting discussed the contentious issue of value-added tax (VAT) for flats, pressure is mounting on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to reduce it from 5% to 1%.It has been brought to his notice that it is wrong to charge 5% VAT, particularly for flats sold after 2010 as the relevant charge is 1%. It is incorrect to recover the amount with retrospective effect, the CM has been told.Industries minister Narayan Rane said even if VAT has to be paid by the developer, it will eventually be recovered from the buyer. \"Even if the builder pays VAT, he will recover it from the buyer later. Under such circumstances, if the government is keen to protect the interests of the buyer, it should reduce the amount from 5% to 1%,\" he said.A senior bureaucrat said while no decision has been taken on extending the deadline or reducing VAT yet, Chavan is in favour of lowering the amount to protect the interests of flat buyers. \"We expect him to take a decision within a week after consulting senior cabinet members,\" the bureaucrat said.On the issue of a sudden hike in the prices of Mhada's Malwaniflats, a minister said when the agency issued an advertisement, it said the apartment would cost Rs 34 lakh each. But now, it has asked for an additional Rs 15 lakh without assigning any reasons. \"The matter was brought to the notice of the chief minister, who admitted that it was a mistake on the part of Mhada officials,\" the minister added.Mhada MD Satish Gavai said it was an error and a high-level probe had been ordered. Mhada was in the process of fixing responsibility, he added. \"When Mhada issued the advertisement, it quoted a price of Rs 34 lakh. Later, we observed that it was an incorrect price and the actual cost was Rs 49-50 lakh. We are considering giving the buyers more time,\" Gavai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054692", "title": "Sportsperson, 5 others held for goon's murder", "text": "NAGPUR: Mohammad Sameer, a 24-year-old sportsperson, two minors and three aides have been arrested for murder of former goon Rakesh Thakur near Motibagh railway crossing on Wednesday evening. The accused were produced in court which remanded Sameer, Saddam Quereshi, Shivcharan Bhimte and Mohammad Shahrukh to police custody till November 5.Police said that the murder was fallout of an old rivalry. On Wednesday evening, the accused called Thakur on the pretext of having liquor with them but attacked him, killing Thakur on the spot.Sameer was once selected for NPL football team, it has been learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17056965", "title": "This October was the hottest in four decades", "text": "PANAJI: If October was scorching hot there was a reason for it. The month that just ended was the second hottest October in the last four decades. The mercury hovered between 34C and 35C almost regularly, and soared to 36.3 C on two occasions\u00e2\u20ac\u201dOctober 19 and 27, 2012.In a month when an average of 31.7C is considered normal, the meteorological centre recorded an average maximum temperature of 33.2C last month. \"Last month's mean maximum of 33.2C makes it the second hottest October since 1971,\" met centre director KV Singh said.The average minimum temperature recorded at 23.6C remained on the lower side, as compared to the normal of 24.0 C.November began cooler as the cyclonic storm Nilam provided some relief from the sultry heat. The maximum temperature slid towards a normal of 32.4C on the last day of October and dropped to 27.5C on Thursday.The previous hottest October, which witnessed a surge of mercury almost throughout the month, was in 2008. \"The average maximum temperature was 33.8 C during that month, just .6C more than this year,\" Singh said.People complained of unusually hot and humid weather in late October. Singh said, \"October was almost as hot as the peak summer month this year. The average temperature in May 2012 was 33.7C, only .5C more than in October,\" he said. Last year, October was also notable as the met centre had recorded the third highest average since 2005. The average temperature for October in 2011 was 32.8C and the minimum also higher at 24.5C.The highest the mercury surged in October was 37.2 C on October 15, 2008. The day temperature of 38.6C on May 6, 2004 is considered the hottest day in Goa. The met centre has been maintaining weather records since 1971.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17055420", "title": "Nilam effect: MP may witness thundershowers", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh is also likely to experience the effect of Nilam, the cyclone that had hit coastal areas of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu two days back.The meteorological department forecasts cloudy sky with a possibility of one or two spell of thundershowers for Bhopal on Friday.Parts of Madhya Pradesh bordering Maharashtra may witness thundershowers in the coming two days. The officials attached to Bhopal circle said that though the cyclone 'Nilam' has weakened, it is gradually moving towards Maharashtra.\"It would lead to increased moisture incursion and could result into thundershowers at places bordering Maharashtra, said met director DP Dubey, adding chances were however bleak.Increased moisture in the air also holds a further decline in temperatures for the next two to three days, the official added. Meanwhile, the temperature among the four main cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 31.4 and 14.5 degrees C on Thursday.The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 29.1 (-2) degrees C and the minimum remained at 16.2 (-1) degrees C. Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 28.2 (-2) degrees C against a minimum of 15.9 (+1) degrees C.The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 31.4 (-1) degrees C whereas the minimum stood at 14.5 (00) degrees C. The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 28.1 (-3) 15.8 (00) degrees C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17054086", "title": "Ponmudi gets bail in red sand mining case", "text": "Trichy: Former DMK minister K Ponmudi, who was released on bail from the Trichy Central Prison in the red sand mining case, was detained for a while by the Villupuram police in a case relating to amassing disproportionate wealth.Villupuram police said that Ponmudi had been served notices to appear before them to answer the case and since he did not comply, an arrest warrant was issued. Meanwhile, the Trichy police said that the bail order in the present red sand quarry case had been received at the prison on Wednesday night.As Ponmudi was being taken by the Villupuram police, there was a minor confusion followed by arguments between them and Ponmudi's Trichy-based lawyers. By this time, DMK leader K N Nehru had arrived at the scene and exchanged pleasantries with Ponmudi. Meanwhile, the Villupuram magistrate, it is understood, instructed the police to produce Ponmudi on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17055599", "title": "Kannada is decades behind Tamil, rues Kambar", "text": "BANGALORE: Kannada is lagging behind in adapting to modern technology, noted litterateur Chandrashekar Kambar rued, calling on the state government to take immediate steps to rectify this.\"They say that in this Internet age, every three years amount to a 'yuga', so we are at least five yugas behind Tamil. Leave alone email, it's a pity we are not able to send even an SMS in Kannada,\" the Jnanpith awardee lamented, while speaking at a book release function.\"Nothing has been done for the past three years to get approval of Unicode software support for Kannada. The file is gathering dust at the chief minister's office. The Yeddyurappa government gave Rs 2 crore, which is lying unutilized till today. There were 27 technical staff, now only two are left. For any language to thrive, government support is a must,\" Kambar added.Prof G Venkatasubbaiah, who chaired the function, endorsed the views expressed by Kambar and hoped that the state government would act as soon as possible.WE WANT MORE KANNADA SCHOOLS: CMEarlier, chief minister Jagadish Shettar said the state government has so far not received the Govindan Committee report regarding closure of Kannada schools.\"The report has not come to the government. Whether it comes or not, we will not close Kannada schools. Instead, we will encourage starting of new Kannada schools. Anybody who has a problem can bring it to my notice,\" Shettar said.The chief minister released 56 books published by Sapna Book House and also felicitated the authors, which include Kambar, D Javare Gowda, poet Channaveera Kanavi, Prof Nissar Ahmed, HS Doreswamy, LS Seshagiri Rao, Mumtaz Ali Khan and others.Shettar invited Sapna Book House to set up business in North Karnataka, promising support from the government. He also advocated that Kannada books be gifted instead of garlands at public functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17056561", "title": "Countdown starts for 100-hour dash to V-day", "text": "WASHINGTON: Barack Obama and Mitt Romney , the two principal US presidential candidates, have begun a frantic 100-hour dash to the November 6 Election Day finish, amid new poll numbers showing a tightening race complicated by hurricane Sandy.As storm waters receded and hurricane-affected people began picking up the pieces, President Obama, who gave up four days of electioneering to focus on relief efforts, returned to the campaign trail on Thursday.He headed out to Wisconsin, Nevada, and Colorado, three of about the 10 'battleground' states which will decide the election. Romney locked in on Virginia, another battleground state adjoining Washington DC . The two will now campaign nearly non-stop till Tuesday morning.Latest polls show the two candidates deadlocked at 48-48 in nationwide popular vote. But that is less relevant than winning key battleground states and thereby getting the state's quota of electoral votes, which is what decides the winner, not the nationwide popular vote.The number of electoral votes for each state is population-weighted (usually number of lawmakers it sends to Washington) and the candidate who wins the popular vote in the state gets the full complement of the state's electoral vote in the drive towards 270, the magic number which will put him in the White House .Among the biggest states in play are Ohio (20) and Virginia (13) and Wisconsin (10), but the sub-10 states such as Colorado (9) Iowa (7) and Nevada (5) are not to be sniffed at either in such a close race.Most big states such as the pro-Democrat California (55 electoral votes) and pro-Republican Texas (38) are considered beyond change.Various state-wise polls show that Obama holds a statistically significant lead over Romney in Iowa (50-44), while the two candidates are locked in tight races in Virginia (48- 46 in favour of Obama) and Wisconsin (49-46 for Obama). But in each case, Romney has cut down even bigger Obama leads indicating the race is tightening.Some states that the Obama camp had considered safe, such as Pennsylvania(20 electoral votes), are said to be back in the reckoning with the Romney campaign sniffing at a chance and plowing in resources in the final days.In fighting words evocative of challenges in the subcontinent, David Axelrod , Obama's chief strategist, has said he would shave off his mustache of 40 years if Obama lost Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Minnesota, states where Obama was comfortably ahead but where Romney is closing the gap.Romney himself is spending Thursday in Virginia holding rallies in conservative areas of the state to neutralize Obama's strength in the more liberal parts abutting Washington DC.Similarly, Obama will storm Ohio later in the week and campaign in the more urbanized, industrialized, and unionized parts of the state to counter Romney's advantage in the more conservative, rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054534", "title": "Ex-servicemen status for retd paramilitary troops", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the run up to Himachal Pradesh assembly and an eye on 2014 parliamentary polls, the government has decided to extend ex-servicemen benefits to retired central paramilitary personnel. The move will please 17 lakh serving and retired personnel from the forces, who were treated like any other government employee.The Cabinet on Thursday passed a proposal moved by the home ministry to declare retired personnel from Central Armed Police Forces (CAPF) as \"ex-central police personnel\" and extend them several benefits that ex-servicemen from the armed forces get.Like former servicemen, now the retired paramilitary forces personnel will get quota in jobs, higher education for their wards and attendant medical benefits. However, they won't be eligible for certain Central government benefits such as preferential allotment of petrol pumps and gas agency as the Centre has put financial burden of the development entirely on states.They will also not share the quota of ex-servicemen from defence forces, but have separate reservations as decided by different states.The move has come at a time when Himachal Pradesh, which sends a large number of its men to various forces, is facing elections. And with general elections only a year and a half away, the policy decision will bring cheer to over seven lakh retired paramilitary personnel across the country apart from nine lakh serving in various forces such as CRPF, BSF, SSB, ITBP and CISF.The government also hopes the move will help bring attrition in the forces down. Around 44,000 personnel have resigned from paramilitary forces since 2009 due to stressful conditions of work and lack of medical benefits.Though the proposal for these benefits was made in 2010 itself, home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde announced its passing by the Cabinet in quite a dramatic fashion. While attending a CRPF function on Thursday morning, he said, \"I am moving a proposal in the Cabinet to grant retired paramilitary personnel the status of ex-servicemen. Paramilitary personnel, like defence forces, put their life at stake in the line of duty and there is no problem in granting them this honour.\"Four hours later, at function organized by CISF, the minister said, \"I had announced at the CRPF function about granting ex-servicemen status to retired paramilitary men. After that I went to attend the Cabinet meeting and the Cabinet approved the proposal. These personnel will be called as 'ex-central police personnel' on the same footing as ex-servicemen in the defence forces.\"The forces, in particular their retired personnel, have a mixed reaction. P S Nair, general secretary of All India Central Paramilitary Forces Ex-servicemen Welfare Association, said, \"We have been struggling for this for the past several years. We are happy it has come now. It will make us eligible for 60-65 benefits given to ex-servicemen by states. However, this is not enough. We also want one-rank-one-pension like the Army. We are doing a gherao of the CGO Complex on November 21 to press for our demands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054763", "title": "LPG cap: NCP, Prithviraj Chavan pass the buck", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) put the heat on the offensive against chief minister Prithviraj Chavan over the issue of increasing the cap on subsidized cooking gas cylinders on Thursday.The party launch another veiled attack on Chavan's mode of functioning. \"Slow-decision making of the government had led to disenchantment to a certain extent among masses,\" party spokesperson Nawab Malik said.\"The NCP's women's wing will take to the streets if no decision is taken in a week,\" he said. Chavan said the government would take a decision before Diwali and tossed the ball back in the NCP's court. \"It is for the food and civil supplies department (controlled by the NCP) to prepare a proposal. It must next go to the finance department (with the NCP) before being placed before me,\" Chavan said.On Wednesday, a NCP's women wing delegation led by MP Supriya Sule met Chavan and demanded that the cap on the cylinders be raised from six to nine. The state cabinet on Wednesday was unable to take a final decision on the matter.Opinion among ministers is divided on whether the increase in subsidy should be extended only to yellow cardholders or all those BPL families whose income is Rs 1 lakh or less. A section also wants the relief for saffron cardholders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054056", "title": "Maharashtra defers order on speed governors", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Thursday issued a fresh notification, deferring the implementation of speed governors in trucks, tankers and dumpers to February 28, 2013.A speed governor is an electronic device that is linked to the gearbox where sensors capture movement of the vehicle. The device automatically slows down the vehicle if the speed limit is exceeded. The government is keen on expediting introduction of governors to reduce the number of road accidents and cases of reckless driving by truck drivers. But this has now been deferred by four months.Sources said a central government notification regarding revision of speed limits for various vehicles was under finalization. A state government committee has requested the Centre for access to the document, but is yet to receive it, sources said.A senior transport official said, \"We are also seeking certain clarifications from the Centre and this will take some timeThe implementation of speed governors in the state has therefore been deferred to February end.\" The state committee will also submit its report by January 31, the official said.In a media statement, Bal Malkit Singh of All-India Motor Transport Congress said \"Our association has taken up the issue of implementation of speed governor at the central government level and the road transport ministry has prepared a draft notification regarding revision of speed limits in light of improved infrastructure and vehicle technology. This proposal has been sent to the Union law ministry for vetting.\" He stated that the association has opposed the present speed limit of 65 km/hour and has demanded that trucks be allowed to ply at 80 km/hour on Expressways.Sources said the implementation has been deferred for trucks, tankers, dumpers and contract carriages.\"The notification does not include school buses,\" an official said. Anil Garg of the School Bus Owners Association demanded an extension for school buses also.said that he has been requesting the government to wait till the Centre comes out with the new policy on speed governors. \"Why is the state giving preference to every heavy vehicle except school buses. We too want an extension,\" he demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055421", "title": "HC upholds builders jail term for duping buyer", "text": "MUMBAI: Nineteen years after he booked a flat that was later surreptitiously sold by the builders to another person, a 90-year-old Malabar Hill resident finally got justice from the Bombay high court. Justice K U Chandiwal on Tuesday held the developers guilty of cheating and upheld the six-month prison term for Nitin Mehta and Vinay Mehta of Borivli-based Anamika Real Estate Pvt Ltd.The court upheld the conviction of the duo along with the company's other director, Jyotsana Mehta, for duping Champaklal Lakhani. The court has given the Mehtas four weeks to surrender. \"There was misrepresentation from the very beginning on the part of the accused, which is an ingredient for constitution of the offence of cheating,\" said Justice Chandiwal. \"(Lakhani) was induced fraudulently to pay Rs 50,000 to the accused. The second conduct of the accused is to deliberately omit to construct and subsequently sell off the property. The inducement was fraudulent and associated with dishonest intent,\" added the judge.The court rejected the defence's arguments that this was not a case of cheating, but a civil dispute related to breach of contract. The Mehtas' plea, to be given the benefit of probation instead of a jail term, was also dismissed by the high court.\"This is a rare case where a builder is held guilty under the criminal law for failing to delver the promised flat,\" said advocate Mohan Tekawade, counsel for Lakhani. \"It should be a lesson for developers who try to dupe buyers,\" said Tekawade. \"The economic offences wing is probing complaints by 24 other people against the same builder.\"In 1993, Lakhani booked a flat on the 16th floor of the 23-storeyed Benzer Tower in Kandivli; it was to be built by Anamika Developers. He signed a formal agreement in 1998 and paid Rs 50,000 as advance for the Rs 7.5-lakh flat. However, the builder failed to complete the project in the promised five years.In September 2003, when Lakhani enquired with the registrar, he came to know that the developer had sold the flat to Ammay and Nitin Kancholiya. He then lodged a private complaint. In 2007, the metropolitan court held the developers guilty of cheating and sentenced them to six months in jail; Jyotsana was punished with imprisonment till rising of the court.The developers challenged the verdict in the sessions court, which dismissed the plea in 2010. The Mehtas then approached the HC. They claimed to have sent notices in 1997 and 1999, asking Lakhani to give the remaining sum, but he failed to pay up.The court pointed out that many of the notices were sent in 1997, prior to the date of registering the agreement. Further, the notices were sent by normal mail, while the agreement said they had to be sent through registered post. \"(the notices) have raised eyebrows and apparently are a figment created by the accused to wiggle out of the responsibility,\" said the judge, upholding the lower courts' view that the documents seemed to have been fabricated. \"The intention of the accused to cheat and deceive Lakhani from the inception (is proved) and false and fabricated pre-dated documents were created to make a show of bona fides on the part of the accused,\" added the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17056270", "title": "Doyenne's double triumph", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Insinuations of treachery when an Indian author finds refuge in the English-writing world. The clutter of personal identities in India, the land of the uprooted and constantly transient. The imposition on celebrities of artificial faces \u00e2\u20ac\u201d manufactured to media's whims. These are the epic themes that Girish Karnad's 'Broken Images' requires a single actor to meditate on.The requirement implies the choice of an actor who is not only in irrevocable command of her art, but is also unappeasably curious about ideas. Therefore, theatregoers would not have had the least bit of difficulty in predicting that Shabana Azmi would take up the mighty Karnad's challenge. The play was staged on Thursday at Prakash auditorium as part of the Times Ahmedabad Festival, the hospitality partner of which is Ista Hotels.In 'Broken Images', Shabana plays Manjula Sharma, a Hindi writer, whose lifeline out of obscurity and decaying marriage turns out to be what \"personality developers\" in India call the language of success \u00e2\u20ac\u201d English. Manuja is made to feel uneasy by some critics; her defection is seen as the validation of Salman Rushdie's contention in the late 1990s.Rushdie had written: \"The prose writing...by Indian writers working in English, is proving to be a stronger and more important body of work than most of what has been produced in the 16 'official languages' of India.\"Character's subsequent selfquestioning is represented as a dialogue with the second Shabana. The latter is an image on a giant TV screen on the stage. Karnad has, to tantalizing effect, trapped the shadowy Shabana in ambiguity: she could be the protagonist's conscience, the suppressed half, or the dead sister, Malini.Towards the end of the play, a revelation sucks out a gasp from the audience: Manjula has passed off her sister's novel as her own. A commotion of pained self-recrimination and justification follows as Manjula tries to make sense of her own self. Was her action a recompense for taking care of Malini who was paralyzed from the waist? Was Manjula taking revenge for the affair she suspected her husband had with Malini? As evidence of marital betrayal, Manjula cites a passionate discussion on ethics that the other two abruptly, and guiltily, halted the moment she entered the house.Only those who saw Shabana masterfully flex her emotional sinews will know the answer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056203", "title": "All Saints' Church completes 175 years", "text": "PUNE: The All Saints' Church nestles amidst the lush greens of Khadki, reserving a big chunk of history with it. It witnessed as many as 2,132 baptisms between 1837 to 1937. Its age-old annals of baptisms, marriage and death from 1854 continue to attract people from across the world, especially the Britons, who often visit the church in search of records of their long-gone ancestors.The church completed 175 years on Thursday since its inception in 1837.Built in sand stone with teak wood ceiling, the church has been home to generations of Christians since it was consecrated by Bishop Thomas Carr in 1837. A grade I heritage structure, it was initially called the Christ Church . \"The structure, we presume, was small when it was built. It was enlarged in 1845, but was raised again and a new church building came up in 1866. Though we have no records to confirm why the name was changed to the present one, we feel that the building may have been inaugurated on November 1, which happens to be the All Saints' Day the world over. Hence, the change in name,\" said Norman Laffrey, secretary of the church, who has served here since March 1977.Elaborating on the history of the church, Laffrey said as many as 62 chaplains or priests have served here since 1854. \"In 1977, there were just eight families visiting the church every Sunday. In the course of time, the church began to grow. By 1991, especially under presbyter late reverend D S Pathak, 50 families began visiting the church. Now, however, 110-odd families visit the church on Sundays for worship service,\" he said.From its earliest times, the church has been a garrison church, where the military would come and worship. The front pews still hold brass plaques showing places meant for the 'governor', 'General Officer in Command', among others, with slots on the pews to rest the service rifles. \"There is enough proof of the church having served the garrison, as is evident from the stone plaques inside, which date back to 1834. These were erected from time to time to commemorate all those who gave their lives in action. Two flags of such battalions can be seen adorning the sides of the stone walls towards the altar,\" he said.Even the bell in the All Saints' Church was cast in the bygone era, 1845. It has completed 167 years this year. The bell, which weighs a massive 500 kg, is fixed in the tower at a height of approximately 45 feet and is above the porch on the northwest side.The stained glasses at the altar, west end and north face in the church were imported from Belgium . \"Each of these glasses weighs close to a tonne. The altar glass was damaged in the late 60s, but was restored in 2000,\" said Laffrey. Above the north main entrance door is the band stand balcony built in solid teak wood. The garrison band would play here in the past,\" he said.The church property belongs to the Bombay Diocesan Trust Association. \"The parishioners of the church are responsible for small maintenance jobs, while the big repairs are undertaken by the trust once in every 10 to 15 years,\" he said, adding that the church walls are such that they do not need restoration. The binding of the stones for the walls and flooring was done in mortar instead of cement, which has stood the test of time, said Laffrey.The congregation of the church celebrated the 175th anniversary celebrations on Thursday. Special thanksgiving and confirmation services were conducted here to commemorate the anniversary day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17055966", "title": "Usmani asks departments to clear dues of SRTC", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reviewing the pendency of funds in the UP State Road Transport Corporation on Thursday, chief secretary Jawed Usmani directed principal secretaries of the departments of home, housing, disabled welfare and urban development to clear all dues to UPSRTC within one week.Usmani, who also reviewed the implementation of primary education department and Mid-Day Meal scheme ordered all school management committees to ensure that each student is given two sets of school uniforms immediately. To ensure that all schools are equipped with the basic facilities like drinking water, mid-day meals and an adequate number of teachers, Usmani ordered appointment of 24,000 volunteers across the state to ensure that the orders are immediately implemented. The chief secretary also asked for the disbursal of Rs 8,000 per school for ensuring sports facilities are made available to students; an amount of Rs 7,000 per school will also be given for primary schools to teach arts, among other subjects. The chief secretary also said that the government must undertake awareness campaigns under the National Rural Health Mission, to spread the word about the Ashirwad Child Health Guarantee Scheme.Asking for the implementation of a pilot biometric project at a Lucknow-based primary school, Usmani said the biometric system should be used to ensure that mid-day meals are not only cooked, but the beneficiary children consume the food. Among other instructions, Usmani also said the department of basic education must ensure that all incomplete buildings of Kasturba Gandhi residential girls schools are completed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17054360", "title": "Power officials pulled up for poor revenue collection", "text": "VARANASI: The director (technical) of Purvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) ML Sharma expressed dissatisfaction over the poor performance and progress in revenue collection for the month of October at a review meeting of power officials held on Thursday.According to PVVNL spokesperson, UP Power Corporation had given a revenue collection target of Rs 225 crore for the month of October. Some of the divisions of PVVNL performed very poorly. The Fatehpur division collected only 20.71% of its commitment while Mau division col lected 24.33%. The other poor performers were Varanasi division (26.25%), Mirzapur-II (20.77%), and Allahabad-I (28.07%).Only 35% rural power consumers and 50% urban consumers are paying their monthly power dues. Taking serious note the of poor performance, Sharma warned the superintending engineers to cover the backlog by November 7 or be ready to face action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17055628", "title": "Hoteliers gherao kiosks in Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: Seeing no action coming forward from authorities concerned, restaurant owners in Mapusa confronted and 'gheraoed' kiosk owners to stop their alleged illegal business of selling tea and snacks in the town's market.Hoteliers in Mapusa had complained that hawkers have eaten into the restaurant business in Mapusa market. They complained to the Mapusa municipal council (MMC) that persons moving around with a kettle of tea and eatables in the Mapusa municipal area have had an adverse impact on their businesses.Disappointed with the loss of business due to mobile hawkers selling tea and snacks, the Mapusa uphar graha owners association (MUGOA) has also lodged a complaint with the MMC and demanded action against these hawkers. The hotel owners demanded that these hawkers use domestic cylinders and appropriate action should be initiated against them.Members of the association had also threatened that if the council failed to take action against these hawkers, then they would do what it takes to control the \"menace\".On Wednesday night, they confronted the kiosk owners and demanded them to stop their alleged illegal business of selling tea and snacks.\"We had submitted a memorandum to the chief officer of the MMC, but nothing has been done. We should not be held responsible if we take the law into our own hands to evict these vendors for the survival of our business,\" MUGOA member Santosh Belekar said. Salim Velji, director of food and drugs administration ( FDA ), said that there is no provision for allowing selling of tea and foodstuff by mobile hawkers, and hence, there is no regulation for it.MMC chief officer Hanumant Toraskar said he has ordered that only licensed movable kiosks will operate in the town following complaints from restaurant owners in Mapusa that unlicensed vendors were selling food items which has affected their business. He said that those kiosks which do not have licenses will be confiscated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "farrukhabad", "code": "17053762", "title": "Kejriwal storms Salman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s den, cops break up fights", "text": "FARRUKHABAD: Arvind Kejriwal took his war against corruption into Congress leader Salman Khurshid's den on Thursday when he and teammates stormed Khurshid's hometown and parliamentary constituency of Farrukhabad after the minister had reportedly said Kejriwal would not come out unscathed if he entered the central UP town.Fears that Kejriwal's visit could lead to violence weren't unfounded as scuffles were reported in the morning between Bharatiya Kisan Union activists and Congress supporters. Congressmen protested when they came across lathi-wielding activists who were heading towards the rally venue at Lohia Park in the Awas Vikas area. Police presence was heavy and cops quickly waded in and broke up the fights. There were no reports of injuries.\"I have come here and now I am going back... And I will keep coming here to expose corrupt people. Is Salman Khurshid listening? Jo kuch karna chahte hain kar lijiye, hum apki dhamkiyon se darne wale nahi hain (Do what you can, we will not be cowed by your threats),\" Kejriwal told a packed rally in the backward but fertile region, 140km west of Kanpur.A day after taking on Mukesh Ambani , Kejriwal reached Farrukhabad in an SUV amidst heavy police protection in the afternoon with prominent India Against Corruption members Kumar Viswas, Manish Sisodiya, Gopal Rai and Sanjay Singh along with thousands of supporters, some of whom accompanied him from Delhi. Others joined him in various groups from Bihar , Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh , Tamil Nadu and Uttarakhand.Though IAC had organized the rally to expose irregularities of Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust run by Khurshid and his wife Louise Khurshid, Kejriwal broadened his attack, taking on Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav for protecting Khurshid and slammed UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi for rewarding the former law minister with the foreign office portfolio.\"Mulayam, Akhilesh and Salman are playing a barter game. Akhilesh is saving Khurshid's skin in order to avoid a CBI inquiry into the disproportionate assets case against his father Mulayam Singh Yadav,\" he alleged.Kejriwal supported his claim by presenting Uttar Pradesh government's report of June 12, 2012 and alleged that of the 14 districts for which money was sent from the Centre for the NGO that works for disabled people, forged signatures were used in 10-11 districts.\"Please don't elect such a person next time who is ready to die for a 'woman' and not for the common people. Please don't elect Salman Khurshid who is ready to die for Sonia Gandhi,\" Kejriwal said to loud cheers. \"Just see how Sonia Gandhi has rewarded him by making him the external affairs minister instead of punishing him.\"Kejriwal urged the people of Farrukhabad to elect a physically-challenged candidate in the 2014 elections. \"See what Salman Khurshid has done with your money. He has stolen your money and not even spared a meagre amount of Rs 560 meant for purchasing a baisakhi (crutch). So in the next Lok Sabha elections, please ensure that you elect a physically-handicapped person and not such fraudsters.\"Kejriwal requested the local administration to withdraw his security retinue and said, \"We are aam admi and not VIPs, so please treat us like only any other common man.\"Kejriwal reached Lucknow on Thursday morning from New Delhi, and drove down to Farrukhabad via Kanpur and Kannauj. Soon after Kejriwal arrived, nearly a dozen physically-challenged as well as able-bodied people \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whom he claimed were listed as physically-challenged beneficiaries by the Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were paraded before the crowd.Kejriwal also blasted Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who he claimed refused to meet a group of physically-challenged people on October 12 in New Delhi. He questioned the silence of Congress president Sonia Gandhi and general secretary Rahul Gandhi on his expose on Robert Vadra's land deals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053717", "title": "Anil Kumble lights up Times Shield night", "text": "MUMBAI: The 82nd prize distribution function of Times Shield had a special air about it. The chief guest on the occasion was Anil Kumble , who now heads Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA).The Bangalorean won everyone's hearts with an inspirational, insightful speech, starting off with, \"This function is about you, the cricketers, not me!\" that drew a thunderous applause. 'Jumbo' then showed how much respect he has for Mumbai cricket.\"If I begin taking the illustrious names who have played in the Times Shield - from Polly Umrigar to Sachin Tendulkar - it will consume the entire evening. In my playing days, my biggest challenge was beating Mumbai in domestic and Australia in international cricket. And it wasn't easy to do either,\" the former Indian captain said.Kumble felt that as an administrator, the biggest challenge he faced was bringing sponsorship into local cricket. \"It is terrific to see the Times Group backing three-day cricket in T20 age. Cricket is about partnerships, and this is one solid partnership.\"The event's beverage partners were Royal Challenge and Kingfisher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17055494", "title": "Students may soon get lessons on fighting feticide", "text": "JAIPUR: Students in the state's government schools could soon get lessons in fighting female feticide and dowry system.The state government on Thursday told the high court that it would consider introducing the lessons in the school curriculum to create awareness among the youth about the centuries old social evils still prevalent here.The suggestion about teaching school students about the evils of female feticide and dowry system was made in one of the two public interest litigations (PILs) that were disposed of by the high court on Thursday. A division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice NK Jain (senior) had sought the state government's views on the suggestion. The court was told that adding lessons in the school curriculum was a government policy matter and would be \"sincerely\" considered.The court, while disposing of both the PILs, decreed that the interim orders passed during the hearing of the issues will now be treated as a final judgment. The court had earlier ordered the government to fit 'active trackers' to the ultrasound sonographic machines to check illegal sex determination tests of fetus.Active tracker (or silent observer) is a device that keeps track of every data in a sonographic machine and is linked to the computer of the supervising district administration authority.The device, first used in Kolhapur, has effectively helped curb prenatal sex tests and, thereby, improved the sex ratio of the area where they were used, as doctors and parents indulging in the crime began to fear being tracked down by the government authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "srikakulam/hyderabad", "code": "17057642", "title": "TDP veteran Union minister K Yerran Naidu dies in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "SRIKAKULAM/HYDERABAD: Senior TDP leader and former Union minister Kinjarapu Yerran Naidu, who was instrumental in building the party's ties with other national and regional parties, died today when his car collided with a lorry here.He was 55-years-old. The mishap occurred around 2am near Ranasthalam in Srikakulam. He was rushed to a private hospital where doctors declared him dead on arrival.TDP leaders expressed shock over his death. A pall of gloom has descended on the TDP state headquarters N T R Bhavan in Hyderabad as senior leaders rushed in to pay floral tributes to the departed leader.\"I lost my right hand,\" an emotional TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu said.Naidu, who was camping in Mahbubnagar district as part of his 'Vastunna Meekosam' foot march, expressed grief over Yerran Naidu's death and said it was a deep loss to the party.Many other leaders of the party also broke down on learning about the death of their politburo member and senior colleague.Andhra Pradesh governor E S L Narasimhan, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and deputy chief ,minister C Damodar Rajanarasimha were among those who condoled the death of the towering TDP leader.Having joined the Telugu Desam Party immediately after its formation in 1982, Yerran Naidu was elected to Andhra Pradesh legislative assembly for four times since 1983 and as many times to Lok Sabha since 1996.He, however, lost the Lok Sabha election from Srikakulam in 2009. The only other time he faced defeat in his 30-year-old political career was when he contested the Lok Sabha polls for the first time in 1991.A qualified lawyer, Yerran Naidu served as Union minister for rural development in the united front government between 1996 and 1998. He was also leader of Telugu Desam parliamentary party between 1998 and 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17055000", "title": "Host of sports events mark celebrations", "text": "BHOPAL: Several events, including mini-marathon, rock-climbing and parasailing were organised in the state capital to celebrate the foundation day of madhya pradesh. the sports and youth welfare department organized the events.In the girls' mini-marathon, Gwalior's Anjali Tomar stood first. She touched the podium after clocking 27.45.5 minute time. \"It was a tough contest,\" Class X student, Anjali said after winning the race for the second time. She has been coached under NIS coach Mukhtiyar Singh. Anjali was awarded with Rs 10,000 cash prize.Bhopal's Manju Yadav came second with 28.46.4 minutes timing. Defending champion Rajkumari Patel had to content herself with the third position as she clocked 30.23.8 minutes time to complete the race.The race began from Tatya Tope stadium where around 150 school students participated. Earlier, secretary, sports department, Ashok Shah flagged off the race.In the football match, Tatya Tope stadium XI defeated Rajendra Nagar team 2-0. Praveen Thapa and Ankeshwar scored one goal each.In the parasailing event, around 300 girls from city-based schools participated. The event was organised near Kaliasot dam. Parasailing experts Sanjeev Gupta and Bhagwan Singh provided important tips to the students on the occasion. The rock-climbing event was organised at the artificial rock-climbing wall at Barkatullah University in evening under flood lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17053914", "title": "Sonia and Rahul usurped Rs 1,600 cr assets: Subramanian Swamy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy on Thursday leveled serious allegations against Congress president Sonia Gandhi and her son Rahul, accusing them of taking over assets worth Rs 1,600 crore belonging to the defunct party mouthpiece National Herald.Swamy, who is now part of the BJP-led NDA and is close to RSS, also accused the Gandhis of diverting Congress party's funds to the family-controlled enterprise, and of letting out a part of Herald House to the passport division in blatant violation of the lease condition stipulating that the premises could be used only for publishing a newspaper.Demanding a probe by the CBI and the Serious Fraud Investigation Office, the Janata Party president also alleged that Rahul had not disclosed his shareholding in Associated Journals, the holding company of National Herald, to the Election Commission: an offence under the Representation of People's Act.The allegations against Sonia and Rahul come close on the heels of serious accusations against the Congress chief's son-in-law Robert Vadra, and drew an angry response from Rahul. The Congress scion dismissed the charges as \"utterly false, entirely baseless and defamatory\", and threatened legal action against Swamy and his organization.\"Please be informed that we shall pursue the legal remedies open to us against the utterly motivated and irresponsible contents of your press conference and that we shall pursue all proceedings that are available in law to ensure that an individual like you and an organization like yours do not abuse the freedom to speak and write in utter violation of the equally important need in a civilized society to maintain the dignity of individuals and organizations and to abide by the law of the country,\" Rahul's office wrote to Swamy.Congress mocked Swamy, with party general secretary Janardan Dwivedi saying, \"Every country and society has human marvels. Swamy is in the same category. He can say anything.\"BJP, however, termed the allegations as serious, and demanded clarification from the Gandhis as well as a probe.\"The entire deal was to \"grab the Rs 1,600 crore worth Herald House and other properties of National Herald/Quami Awaz in Delhi and in different parts of UP\", Swamy said.\"The deal is a sham, bogus and a violation of several laws including Companies Act, Income Tax Act, Indian Penal Code section 420 etc, as well as election law,\" Swamy said.He said he would be writing to the prime minister demanding a probe into the matter. He said if no action was forthcoming, he would move court demanding a special investigation team, as he did in the 2G scandal.Swamy, who had earlier declared his plan to \"expose\" the Gandhis, alleged at a press conference that there was violation of several laws in the way the entire takeover was carried. He said the move started with Sonia and Rahul floating a private company under Section 25 of the Companies Act, called Young Indian, with each holding 38% shares in it. Section 25 companies are supposed to be non-profit enterprises.He said Associated Journals Pvt Ltd (AJPL) got an unsecured zero interest loan of over Rs 90 crore from All India Congress Committee and in exchange for this, allotted over 9 crore shares to Young Indiam . The deal was completed when Young Indian settled the Rs 90 crore loan AICC had given to AJPL for a mere Rs 50 lakh. \"This is illegal because a political party cannot give loans for commercial purposes,\" Swamy said in a statement.He questioned the legality of the AJPL-Young Indian deal on the ground that AJPL, which once published National Herald and Quami Awaz, could not have transferred its shares to a company like Young Indian which was not in the business of newspaper publication. Swamy said this was not all. Rahul transferred his 2,62,411 shares in AJPL to sister Priyanka Vadra.Swamy also highlighted the fact that more than 80% of the shareholders of AJPL listed in 2011 were deceased, among them Jawaharlal Nehru , Indira Gandhi , G D Birla etc.He also accused Rahul of not declaring his shareholding in AJPL in his affidavit filed before the Election Commission for the 2009 Lok Sabha elections. AJPL owns several high value real estate properties including a building on Delhi's Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg.Swamy said the seven-storey Herald House was \"illegally opened for renting\" and the government opened a Passport Seva Kendra on two of its floors. He said the building was given to AJPL only for newspaper operations and no other activity could be conducted from there.He also accused the Gandhis of misusing the government accommodation at 10, Janpath given to Sonia by holding a meeting of the shareholders of Young Indian there. \"Government accommodation cannot be used for commercial purposes and business,\" Swamy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17056369", "title": "When blood relations turn killers", "text": "RANCHI: Bloody violence within the family has become common in Jharkhand. Cases have revealed the involvement of blood relations in murders, rapes and dacoities. In the past one week itself there were four cases: an 18-year-old son slitting the throat of his 45-year-old father, a married woman and her paramour killing her father and brother, a three-year-old girl getting raped and murdered by her uncle and a cousin killing his uncle in Jamshedpur over a land dispute. Apart from bloodbath, there was a dacoity case, too. Two brothers were arrested by the Ranchi Police for conducting a dacoity in their own brother's house with the help of two professionals.\"It indicates the vanishing bond within the family and zero tolerance of society,\" said S K Sengar, a senior psychiatrist in Ranchi.In the latest example, an 18-year-old, Alok Gari, slit the throat of his 45-year-old father, Fransis Gari, over some petty differences of opinion. The officer-in-charge of Tupudana police station, Krishna Murari, said, \"The boy casually came to the police station and reported that he had murdered his father.\"Neighbhours said the deceased was struck with a sharp blade when he asked his son not to drink too much. It led to a heated exchange between the two and then in a fit of rage the son killed him.On October 23, a married woman along with her paramour in Ranchi murdered her father and brother to get control over the property. The accused, Sacchi Shekhar, was in an illicit relationship with Awdesh Singh alias Pintoo, a guard at their place. In a similar incident, two brothers, who were eyeing the property of their brother Rajesh Soni in Kanke Road, conducted a dacoity in his house on August 18. They had used two professional dacoits in the act. The four were arrested on October 30.On May 20, a woman along with her son-in-law killed her husband in Tupudana locality. A middle-aged-man Bartu Sahu was murdered by his wife and son on May 16, the duo were later arrested by the Namkum police. On April 19, a sister had got her brother killed in Tupudana over some land disputes.The Ranchi SSP, Saket Kumar Singh said, \"It is a new trend. Violence within the family shows that there is little love among family members.\"On October 1, a woman stabbed her father-in-law to death in Bokaro after he tried to rape her, the third in a row. After he tried to rape her the third time in a single day, Puja took out the kitchen knife and stabbed him all over the body.Sengar, a senior psychiatrist at RINPAS, said, \"Drug addiction, greed and breaking families are reason behind such incidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17055708", "title": "Stressed homemakers spank kids most", "text": "BANGALORE: Homemakers are more likely to turn into 'tiger moms' and take up the cane to discipline the child. Working women, more involved with their careers, are gentler and more lenient, as are fathers, says a survey by an education group.A survey by the Podar Institute of Education throws up some interesting figures on child-rearing in Bangalore.Of 906 parents surveyed, 55% hit their children, with mothers spanking them more often than fathers. The figures are telling: only 22% of fathers spank their kids, while 78% mothers are slap-happy. While 4% of these mothers were found to have their own businesses, 39% were into service and 57% were homemakers. Of parents who hit their children, it was found that 28% fathers were businessmen and 72% were into service.Going by the survey, women appear to take their stress out on their kids by creating a power frame to gain control. A father's absence from home due to travel or long hours at work pushes the burden of parenting on to the mother. At times, the women have their own jobs to handle.Homemakers spanking their children more than working mothers is quite a surprise find, as they tend to have more time to dedicate to their children and don't need to rush through their daily chores. Working mothers, by comparison, are seen as stressed and running low on patience. Or it could be that homemakers are not happy with their stay-at-home status and may have given up their careers to raise their children, and are emotionally stressed about it.While 27% parents were not in agreement on physical punishment, 73% parents agreed on this kind of behaviour, and 59% said they ended up hitting a child who irritated them. Disagrees AR Ashok Kumar Adiga, a parent of two, \"If I am irritated, why should I hit my child? Parents themselves are the biggest cause. Every parent has the tendency to compare children: if my child gets five marks less than his friend, he becomes an idiot. But hitting a child is not the solution. A 'give and take' policy is the best -- you behave well and get what you want.\"Indrani Sudarshan, academic head of Ebenezer International School, was stunned when an eight-year-old child told her, \"I'm a loser. Whatever I do, I cannot make my mother happy.\" \"Parents live their dreams through their kids, whether the child is interested in certain things or not. At times, we have to counsel parents, but they don't like it,\" says Sudarshan.NOT HEALTHYA mother is the most significant person in a child's life. If the mother disapproves of a child in a violent way, the child might get hurt, angry, scared and even insecure, stop socializing and indulge in undesirable behaviour. Most of the time, the child is only the trigger. It's important for mothers to find out the real cause of her anger and take responsibility for her choices.Times ViewThe spare-the-rod argument on child-rearing has vexed both psychologists and parents for ages. A survey now shows the mother, particularly the homemaker, as a tough disciplinarian. It could be that the homemaker is stressed out by the burden of parenting and the child's academic progress, and seeks control. But as experts point out, it is dollops of love and understanding and some sharp reprimanding that work best. A child who is treated as an individual grows up into a healthy and happy adult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17055920", "title": "Pawan Kumar Bansal: New facilities to chug to Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Newly-appointed railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal , who is the local MP, has brought along some good news for city residents. Thousands of passengers who travel between Chandigarh and Delhi via Ambala are likely to get an alternative travel route, with the Indian Railways exploring the possibility of laying a new track from the city to Delhi via Yamunanagar.On his plans for City Beautiful and adjoining areas, Bansal, who was here after taking over the new charge, told the media, \"Laying of double rail link from Chandigarh to Ambala through Dappar and from UT to Ludhiana will be the priority. The work has been on hold for the last many months. Besides, Chandigarh-Baddi rail link and connecting UT with various cities of Punjab and other states will be seriously considered. Expanding the rail network in Punjab is a crucial short-term plan. We are also mulling a bullet train between Chandigarh and Delhi, but it is a long-term plan.\"Assuring to look into on-hold projects and pending demands, he said, \"Turning the city railway station into a world-class one tops my list. The work on its upgrade will commence soon.\" Even as he did not comment on the issue of running new trains from Chandigarh to other cities, he said efforts would be made to provide maximum facilities to the city residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059426", "title": "Music director Chakri's father passes away", "text": "Music director Chakri's father Jilla Venkata Narayana passed away on Thursday morning (November 1, 2012) due to cardiac arrest. Venkata Narayana, 73, acted in films like Veedu Teda, Ranga The Donga, Devaraya, Gopi Gopika Godavari, etc and also sang couple of numbers.He retired as a government teacher and forayed into films after his son Chakri became a popular music composer.Venkata Narayana is survived by his wife, two sons and three daughters. Chakri, who is currently in Malaysia, is expected to return to Hyderabad on Friday for the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054037", "title": "Ahead of Diwali, adulteration fears keep FDA on toes", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has instructed the food and drug administration (FDA) to collect random samples from sweet manufacturing units and shops to check adulteration and use of banned substances. The department has also warned of initiating action against those officials who fail to implement the food safety act effectively in the state.With less then 15 days left for Diwali festive season, minister of state for FDA Satej Patil held a meeting with officials at his Vidhan Bhavan office on Thursday to review measures taken by the department to clamp down on supply of adulterated sweets and food items in the market, especially during the festive season.\"Instead of waiting for complaints from citizens and then initiating actions, I have asked officials to collect random samples of sweets and other eatables from manufacturing units and retails shops. These samples will be sent to the laboratory for testing. If any kind of adulteration is found or the sample is found to be of substandard quality, then action will be initiated against the erring person,\" Patil said.FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagade said that besides initiating action against erring manufacturers, the responsibility of implementing rules and regulation will be fixed on department officials. \"It is the duty of the officials to find out whether food manufacturers are complying with the norms laid down in the food safety act. Punitive action will be initiated against the officials who fail to perform their duty,\" Zagade said, adding, \"Action against manufacturers indulging in malpractices and errant officials will help in effective implementation of rules.\"Patil urged citizens to buy sweets and other food products from shops that have proper registration and necessary licences. Cautioning people against purchasing uncovered sweets, the minister said, \"FDA's action along with public awareness will help in curbing malpractices in the sector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054292", "title": "Central administrative tribunal admits plea against Samuel's promotion", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad bench of the central administrative tribunal ( CAT) on Thursday directed the state and the Centre to explain within two weeks the grounds under which they promoted IAS officer M Samuel to the rank of special chief secretary and posted him as the chief commissioner of land administration (CCLA).The bench comprising Justice P Swaroop Reddy (member- judicial) and R Santanam (member- administration) made this order while admitting a petition filed by three special chief secretaries, Chaya Ratan, Indrajit Pal and Md Shafiquzzaman who challenged both the elevation and the consequent posting of Samuel as CCLA which is a cadre post meant for lawfully promoted special chief secretaries like them. They wanted the tribunal to set aside the promotion given to Samuel because it was done at a time when there were no vacancies in the Special CS rank and, more importantly, at a time when the existing cadre posts were still lying vacant. \"Ex cadre posts cannot be created in any rank without first filling the cadre posts available in such ranks,\" they said quoting the rule book.The bench sought to know from the petitioners as to what was the grievance made out by Shafiquzzaman (who is currently working with MCR HRD as its director general) as he is already holding a cadre post meant for a special chief secretary. K Sudhakar Reddy, the counsel for the petitioners told the bench that this post was specially created as a cadre post meant for a special CS. This post was notified as a cadre post in 2008 and the very next year (2009) the state scrapped the order and posted a retired IAS officer in that post, the counsel said. And without 'encadering' the post again it was given to Shafiquzzaman, he said.When the state counsel told the bench that they needed six weeks to file the reply, the bench made it clear that the reply should be filed within two weeks. When the state counsel insisted on more time, the bench said and added: \"Ok, we will first stay the promotion and posting of Samuel and then give you more than six weeks times\". Then the state counsel agreed for the two-week deadline for filing the counter. The bench also issued notice to Samuel and allowed the counsel for the petitioners to serve the same on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054629", "title": "Constables suspended for extorting money", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has suspended two constables accused of extorting Rs5,000 from two Congress office bearers on Wednesday night. Both the suspended cops, Mahesh Badge and Sanjay Kade, are posted at Lakadganj police station.Congress general secretary of Sihore district Diwansingh Gujar and general secretary of Youth Congress Ravikumar Sahu, both from Madhya Pradesh , had gone to Shegaon on Wednesday. While travelling back to Bhopal , they had to change the train at Nagpur railway station. They arrived in Nagpur on Wednesday afternoon. Since their onward train was at around 3am, the duo decided to have dinner at a city hotel.The duo approached an autorickshaw driver and asked him to take them to a good hotel. When the auto driver halted his vehicle near a hotel at Azam Shah square, two constables stopped them and accused them of having come to the red-light area of Ganga Jamuna.On the constables' orders, the auto driver left the spot while Gujar and Sahu were taken to Ganga Jamuna police chowky in Lakadganj area. The constables thrashed the two and demanded whatever cash they were carrying. They also threatened to press false charges against the two. Hence, the two men handed over Rs5,000.As soon as the cops left, Gujar called up city Congress chief Jaiprakash Gupta, who then informed Lakadganj police inspector Rajendra Unnawne. The PI then called all the constables and asked Gujar and Sahu to identify the two who had taken money from them.On Thursday, both the constables were suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17055913", "title": "SA woman escapes rape bid by bus driver", "text": "KOCHI: A Volvo bus driver was arrested by the city police on Thursday for allegedly trying to rape a South African woman, who was travelling along with her sister in the bus to Kochi from Bangalore.Identifying the accused as Thirumurthy (33) of Erode, police said the incident occurred on Wednesday when the bus stopped at Chinnar in Tamil Nadu, after the air cooler of the bus developed a snag. In her complaint, the woman alleged that the driver molested her when she went to the washroom.The driver followed her and allegedly grabbed her when was coming out of the bathroom.The woman raised an alarm and ran to the bus.She reportedly told the police that other passengers preferred to ignore the incident. Though she reported the incident to fellow travellers, none of them took it serious. When the bus reached Vytilla on Thursday morning, the woman lodged a complaint with the Panangad police station.Police said the arrested driver had been remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17056471", "title": "'Eye on India, China all set to look west'", "text": "BEIJING: Ahead of a once-in-a-decade leadership change in China, strategists in Beijing are scripting a new 'Look West' policy, giving primacy to ties with India while rebalancing Beijing's decades old pro-Pakistan tilt to counter American influence.\"The Americans are looking towards East and we look towards the West,\" Wang Jisi, a Chinese strategist who worked closely with Chinese leaders including outgoing President Hu Jintao to reset the badly ruptured relations with India after 1962 conflict, said giving a rare insight into the thinking among the leadership.By West, Wang means the West of China, starting from India, the sprawling South and West Asia and beyond.\"China ignored the West for long and it is time for rebalance not only for oil, natural gas but also very big economic opportunities,\" he said, quoting recent studies that China's trade with India and rest of Asia grew seven times faster than Beijing's trade growth in recent years.As China looks to reset its ties with India, he said Beijing's \"all weather\" relations with Pakistan were no longer driven by the factor to contain New Delhi, but to prevent the Islamic militancy in Xinjiang, bordering Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.\"We have to fend off extreme Islamic terrorism from getting into China from Pakistan and we need Pakistan more like all weather ally,\" he added.\"Pakistan is increasingly getting weak. It is much less than GDP of India. I am sad about it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17056424", "title": "Family of siblings stayed indoors", "text": "COIMBATORE: As the verdict in the siblings murder case was being pronounced on Thursday, their grief-stricken mother Sangeetha Jain and grandmother P Kamalabai chose to remain indoors while father Ranjith Kumar Jain was away in their native place in Rajasthan. The house named 'Muskan Hrithik' remained out of bound even for close relatives and neighbours as the family preferred to stay away from the media glare. None of the family members were present at the court hall when the sentence was announced.As requested by the family members, even other residents of Range Gowder Street chose not to celebrate the verdict.\"Revenge is not our way and no punishment can bring our children back. Let us live with their fond memories,'' Kamalabai told her neighbours on Monday, when Manoharan was pronounced guilty by the court. On Thursday, the neighbours chose not to disturb the family.City's Jain community also had a lukewarm reaction to the court verdict. Most community members made it clear that they don't want to see the accused hanged, as the community is against murder or killing. \"No killing can be compensated by murdering the killer,'' said Vijay Kumar Jain, uncle of the deceased twins.\"What we can say about the verdict? We are yet to recover from the irreparable loss. The accused may have got the result of his karma. We would be grateful if it can turn to be a lesson for those who with similar criminal minds. Let the almighty make all people cool and composed,'' he added. According to him, the family is slowly recovering from the loss of their children and they have now started becoming normal in their activities.Their neighbour Mangi Mehta termed it as the most painful event she had ever seen and wished such incidents must not be repeated.\"There is nothing to celebrate in the verdict. We the Jains do not believe in violence and wish all of us should live in peace and harmony. What ever is happening with the accused is the result of his past karma and may the lord give peace to the soul,\" she said.Fourteen-year-old Muskaan Mehta, a friend of Muskan Jain, recalled the days with her close friend saying she was very shy but always smiling. \"She was a good friend of mine. We could not believe that such a thing happened to her and her brother. I believe the court had given an appropriate verdict,\" she said.Kishore Golecha Jain, a well-wisher and close associate of the family, said that the law has taken its course and done the justice. But we believe in the philosophy of live and let live. \"As we believe strongly in our faith, we cannot celebrate for the verdict,'' he said. For the past four days, people in the community were conducting Snathra Puja and reciting Navkar Manthra for the well-being of humanity and peace for all.\"The court verdict is a proper one, which focuses on the gravity of the crime that the accused had committed,'' said S Dhanalakshmi, a resident of the Vaniyar street, close to the siblings' home. The verdict should be an example for the whole of country and no one should commit such a heinous crime anymore, she said.\"In the last two years, we decided not to celebrate Diwali to mourn their death. But the verdict has given us something to cheer and we all plan to have a good celebration,'' said A Rani, another resident of the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17059660", "title": "Bal Thackeray terms Pak cricket team's tour to India matter of 'national shame'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has termed the invitation extended to Pakistan's cricket team by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) a day ago as a matter of \"national shame\".\"The Pakistan team will be playing matches at Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai and Bengaluru. At one point or the other, Pak terrorists have attacked these cities. The feet of Pakistani players won't touch Maharashtra but their tour of these cities is a matter of national shame,\" The Express Tribune quoted Thackeray, as telling a news channel.He also accused the BCCI of \"betraying the country for sake of money\" and Indian cricketers of being part of that betrayal.Thackeray considers it an insult to those who had lost their lives in the Mumbai 26/11 attacks.He said that \"except for Kapil Dev and Sunil Gavaskar, no one opposed playing cricket with Pakistan\".Thackeray also criticized Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , for having \"offered his services to Pakistan\".India's cricket board announced earlier that it had secured government clearance to host Pakistan for a short tour later this year. The BCCI has invited Pakistan to play three one-dayers and two Twenty20 matches in December-January, the first bilateral contests between the arch-rivals in five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055534", "title": "BJP to strike if NMC ignores cleanliness", "text": "NASHIK: Deputy mayor Satish Kulkarni, group leader of BJP Sambhaji Moruskar (prabhag 56-A), former mayor Balasaheb Sanap and other BJP leaders presented a memorandum to municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare on Thursday, threatening an agitation if the NMC fails to keep the city clean and take measures for the health of the citizens.The leaders said that incident of the rabid dog biting children in Satpur on Tuesday was not an accident but the irresponsibility of the health department. \"Earlier we have raised the issue in the general body meetings and the media has also raised the issue, but the health department failed to find any concrete solution ,\" they said.Citing irregularity of the garbage vans, unclean city surroundings, selling meat and other non-vegetarian items by the roadsides, piles of garbage in addition to the absence of sterilization of dogs was creating a menace.They said that dengue, malaria and other contagious diseases were rising due to an unclean city and warned that if the concerned departments were not instructed to carry out their duties seriously, they would agitate because the health of the citizens are being jeopardized.\"Divisional officers should go around the city and identify garbage and other problems in the division and accordingly get it cleaned. Hospitals are unclean, people sit anywhere on the road for answering nature's calls, all these have to be dealt with for the health of the citizens,\" said Kulkarni.Mayor Yatin Wagh said that a cleanliness drive was on the cards action would be taken against the offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054603", "title": "Reckless two-wheeler drivers yet to be tamed, says Garg", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reckless two-wheeler drivers remain a headache for Delhi traffic police, which has otherwise been quite successful to put a check on road accidents and fatalities in the past three years. However, the mortality figure of two-wheeler drivers has remained almost unchanged - 142 (2012) against 145 (2011).Describing two-wheeler drivers as \"zigzag crossing\" commuters, city's joint traffic police commissioner Satyendra Garg said that they are yet to \"tame\" them. He was speaking at a workshop on road safety organized by International Road Federation (IRF) here on Thursday.Garg also cited figures \u00e2\u20ac\u201d like tractor drivers killing 18 people till October 15 this year and another 26 were crushed to death by them last year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to bolster his argument about blatant violation of traffic rules.\"When I enquired how these vehicles are coming on to city roads, I was told that they ply at night when police presence is less,\" he added.Speaking at the conference, road safety expert from the Netherlands Dr Adnan Rahman said change in driver's behaviour can take \"years\". \"Greater enforcement of traffic norms, catching the violators and ensuring they are punished can tame those flouting traffic norms and endangering lives on road,\" said IRF chairman K K Kapila.Garg said the road fatalities have come down this year and inarguably the lowest since 2002, thanks to the department's tireless work for the last three years, where critical stretches were identified and preventive measures carried out. Traffic police figures show the total number of accidents has reduced to 1,420 this year against 1,763 (2011). The number of fatalities in road crashes has also dipped from 1,807 in 2011 to 1,456 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17054316", "title": "Cyclone Nilam toll rises to seven", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The toll in rain-related incidents has gone up to seven with the death of four persons in the state as heavy rains continued to lash various parts under the influence of cyclone Nilam.Three of the deaths were on account of electrocution, while another person was killed after a wall collapsed in the districts of East Godavari, Prakasam and Nellore. The heavy downpour brought normal life to a standstill in coastal districts of Nellore, Prakasam, East Godavari and Guntur. Incidents of house collapse and cattle loss were also reported.Two persons were electrocuted near the New Port railway station in Kakinada when they came in contact with a live electric wire that snapped on Wednesday night due to the heavy rains. An old woman died in Nellore district due to sudden drop in temperature. Another person died when the wall collapsed on him in Ungutur in Prakasam district.Low-lying areas and important roads were inundated as heavy rains battered the districts. Standing paddy, banana and other crops were damaged at various places. Rivulets, streams and reservoirs overflowed in Nellore, Prakasam and Guntur districts as incessant rain lashed the region since Wednesday.Roads were also flooded in Nellore, Bapatla, Ongole and other towns. Meanwhile, the Visakhapatnam Cyclone Warning Centre forecast more rain in the next 24 hours. The sea conditions would be rough with water gushing out up to 100 metres in some coastal villages.In Hyderabad, the rain under the impact of cyclone caused inconvenience to school children and people going to work places in the morning.The downpour significantly brought down the day's temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056297", "title": "Tiny steps run many races", "text": "LUDHIANA: Around 170 toddlers got to become their favourite cartoon characters for a race at ABC Montessori School as they participated in the annual day of school's all branches, Thursday.And there was a lot more of what they like to do with events like jumping race, statue dance race, frog race, how-to-be-a-better-husband race, lemon and spoon race, stringing beads race, plate balancing, couple race, bride and groom race, cat and mouse race slated for the day.Students from pre-nursery to UKG classes found a platform to showcase their sporting talents. The little cheer leaders started the day with an opening ceremony by performing on songs like \"Dan Dana Dan Goal\" and \"I'm the Best\". An audience of about 500 parents and relatives of the tiny tots turned up to cheer them up. Students also performed on the themes like 'slow and steady wins the race' and 'team spirit- united we stand, divided we fall'.Some of the meritorious participants from pre-nursery to UKG classes of ABC Montessori, BRS Nagar, were Riana, Chirayu, Niyamat, Ananya, Pahal, Preet, Fateh, Ribhav, Vanshika, Hussan, Khyati, Navraj, Akshara, Inayat and Aditi.From the Basant Avenue campus of the school, Jannat, Nikunj, Jagjot, Manya, Samaira, Angel, Harshveer, Hargun, Rupam and Sunny won prizes.Principal Sarabjit Kaur motivated tiny-tots to participate in extra-curricular activities with her encouraging words.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17054046", "title": "Bihar State Electricity Board unbundled into five companies", "text": "PATNA: The much-awaited unbundling of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) into five different companies, with the avowed objective of rapid reforms in the energy sector, will become effective from Thursday with the state energy department issuing a notification to this effect.Under the new 'Bihar State Electricity Reforms Transfer Scheme 2012', the BSEB has been unbundled into five companies: Bihar State Power Company Limited (the holding company), Bihar State Power Transmission Company, Bihar State Power Generation Company, South Bihar Power Distribution Company and North Bihar Power Distribution Company. Bihar State Power Company Limited will own the shares of the newly-incorporated four other companies.In exercise of the powers conferred by Section 131, 133 and other applicable provisions of the Electricity Act, 2003, Bihar government has made the scheme for providing and giving effect to the transfer of properties, interests, rights, assets, liabilities, obligations, proceedings and personnel of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) to the transferees and for matters incidental and ancillary thereto. The scheme shall extend to the whole of Bihar and also to those outside the state.The government notification, issued by energy secretary Sandeep Poundrik, categorically said the officers and employees of BSEB shall have continuity of service. Their service conditions would not be inferior to the present service conditions and in case the transferee companies did not fulfil any service condition, the state government guaranteed and shall ensure through the holding company continuance of those benefits.The documents available with TOI show that these provisions would not be applicable to new employees appointed in the transferee companies after the effective date of restructuring.The Bihar cabinet had approved the unbundling proposal at its meeting on Friday last. The state government will spend an estimated Rs 14,099 crore in the next five years on the financial restructuring plan. The state government's contribution will be paid to the five companies in advance in two instalments every year, i.e. by May 31 and November 30. The successor companies will be contributing on monthly basis by 7th of the following month.\"At any time within a period of one year from the effective date, the state government may, by order to be notified, amend, vary, modify, add, reduce, delete or otherwise change terms and conditions of the transfer terms,\" the notification said.The four area offices of BSEB - Pesu, Patna central, Magadh and Bhagalpur - have been regrouped to form one company, i.e. South Bihar Power Distribution Company Limited. Consequently, Pesu (east), Pesu (west), Ara, Nalanda, Gaya, Rohtas, Bhagalpur and Munger circles will constitute the South Bihar Power Distribution Company Limited. Three area offices - Tirhut, Mithila and Kosi - have been combined to form another company, i.e. North Bihar Power Distribution Company Limited. Consequently, Muzaffarpur, Chhapra, Motihari, Darbhanga, Samastipur, Saharsa and Purnia circles will come under the North Bihar Power Distribution Company Limited.The BSEB currently has nearly 1,700 officers and 14,850 employees. Its installed generation capacity is 559.2MW. On August 2, 2011, the state cabinet had given its in-principle nod to unbundling of the BSEB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17055522", "title": "UK company to tie up with Industrial Training Institutes for workforce", "text": "JAIPUR: UK-based JC Bamford Excavators Limi1ted (JCB) chairman Anthony Bamford asserted that the company's new plant in the state capital will sources its material from local suppliers and promote ancillaries to set up their shops in Jaipur.Bamford said his company will also to tie up with the ITIs and enhance the students so that they can be absorbed in the near future.In an interview to TOI on Thursday, Bamford shared his vision for the company and why he preferred the Pink City over others.Bamford also called upon chief minister Ashok Gehlot and bureaucrats at CM's residence.JCB, the world's third largest construction equipment company will make an investment of Rs 500 crore to set up a manufacturing plant in Mahindra World City (SEZ) at Ajmer Road in the city . The unit is expected to create 1,500 direct jobs and another 3500 through ancillaries and suppliers.Jaipur plant. But the production capacity is still to be decided.Bamford claimed that state capital was the natural choice for setting up of the company's fourth plant in India due to personal bonding with the city. \"Jaipur is far enough to have a plant but close enough to reach quickly. But coming here is more due to personal liking for this place and people,\" Bamford said.JCB India. By the end of 2013 company is expected to start its production.Bamford added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17059551", "title": "Suspicious man detained outside Oak Creek gurdwara", "text": "WASHINGTON: A suspicious man carrying ammunition and \"strange writings\" was briefly detained outside an Oak Creek gurdwara in the US state of Wisconsin, where a white supremacist had gunned down six Sikhs in August.\"This happened last Sunday. The man was detained due to his suspicious activity outside the gurdwara. The police questioned him. Later it was determined that he was not a threat (to gurdwara). So he was released,\" Oak Creek Mayor Steve Scaffidi said.In a report released on Thursday, the Oak Creek Police Department said the 32-year-old man from Maryland was found with 9mm ammunition and \"strange writings\" in his possession outside the Wisconsin gurdwara.He was seen entering the gurdwara premises at about 8:45am.The gurdwara was the scene of a mass shooting by a white supremacist in August that killed six Sikh worshippers, sending shock waves across the country and the Sikh community world-over.The man, whose identity has not been released, first told the police that he drive to gurdwara after seeing a CNN story about the shooting and wanted to pray with its members.Later, he changed his version and said that he was writing a book and wanted to talk to the people there.\"Officers located a large amount of zip ties and a roll of duct tape in the backpack (of the man) as well as a notebook containing strange writings referencing the mass shooting in Aurora CO (where a gunman had killed 12 people inside a cinema hall) and a piece of crime scene tape collected from the scene in CO (Colorado),\" the police report said.\"Officers also located more zip ties and duct tape, several boxes of 9mm ammunition in (the man's) vehicle along with gun cleaning supplies and an empty case from a Glock 9mm,\" the report said, adding that the Federal Bureau of Investigation was called when the man surrendered with his ammunition.Thereafter, he was asked to follow officers back to the Oak Creek police station so that his writings and identification could be copied.\"He was not arrested. He was only detained,\" Scaffidi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17055618", "title": "Rain kills power supply in many areas", "text": "BANGALORE: It just takes a downpour to lay low Bangalore's powerlines. Even as the city faced the truncated fury of Cyclone Nilam, heavy rainfall and gusty winds plunged several areas into darkness through Wednesday night.Bangaloreans woke up to a major power outage on Thursday morning. In some areas, power was restored till Thursday evening. \"The black-out started around 12.30am Thursday and we're still in darkness,\" M Subramanyam, a resident of Byrasandra in Jayanagar 1st Block (East), told TOI late evening.\"I tried to get in touch with Bescom but either the line was busy or nobody answered despite repeated attempts. I called an assistant engineer who told me power would be restored in an hour, but that didn't happen,\" he said, adding, \"I don't understand why Bescom staff is unreachable every time we have a power blackout. This is not the first time.\"In most areas of East, North, Central and South Bangalore, power went off several times during Wednesday night; entire Uttarahali didn't have electricity till morning.\"There were power cuts throughout the night,\" said B Ramakrishna Udupa, member, Residents' Welfare Association, JP Nagar, 1{+s}{+t} Phase.While many were unsurprised by the power cuts, angry Bangaloreans want to know why Bescom is unresponsive. \"Power went off and on at least 10 times after midnight. It was only on Thursday morning that we had continuous power supply,\" said Sydney Rebello, a resident of Richmond Town.It was the same in many areas of East Bangalore. \"We didn't have power till 10.30am,\" said Latha Rao, member, LIC Colony Residents Welfare Association, Jeevan Bima Nagar.Many areas in West Bangalore like Vittal Nagar, Chamarajpet and Mysore Road areas too faced the same woes.Bescom's MD P Manivannan said that most parts of the city didn't face major blackouts on Wednesday night. \"We had preliminary meetings, and were fully prepared with more than 50 additional vehicles and manpower to face power problems,\" he said. \"The Bescom helpline received more than 4,000 calls, from midnight till Thursday morning -- the highest since the helpline was set up in 2003,\" he added.One more copy on why bangalore goes dark response from Bescom MD expected (150 to 200 words)The administration has always found it convenient to blame the rain for power cuts, perhaps to deflect attention from its own lack of foresight and action. Have we learnt any lessons from experience? The continuous rain in Bangalore, thanks to Cyclone Nilam, and the resultant power outages exposed the unpreparedness of the authorites to cope with any rain-related power cuts. Admittedly, there are no quick-fix solutions. The least Bescom can do is respond to citizens' cry of help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054506", "title": "Drive against illegal parking extended to two more roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic police have decided to expand the drive against illegal parking to other areas from Monday. The areas where the Rs 600 fine will be applicable will include the stretch from Ashram to Moti Bagh as well as from Red Fort to Fatehpuri Masjid, police said.\"The drive that was started on October 22 has so far resulted in 1,944 chal-lans till October 30. We have now extended the scope of this drive to some more areas so that these stretches are also disciplined. We will continue expanding in this way,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.This challan, as opposed to the usual challan of Rs 100 for improper parking, is to deter rampant illegal parking in Delhi.Those found parking on the main carriageway of these stretches will be slapped a Rs 100 fine under Section 177 of the Motor Vehicles Act and a Rs 500 fine under section 179 for obstruction and disobeying lawful directions, said cops.Traffic police is in the process of placing requisite road signs indicating no parking on main carriageways of these stretches.Vehicle owners will also have to pay additional towing charges if their vehicle is found parked without anyone in attendance.\"The stretch between Moolchand and AIIMS sees many buses slowing down traffic as there is unauthorized parking where the bus stops are located. To reduce this, the stretch has been included in our drive,\" added Garg.Meanwhile, traders from Chandni Chowk have reacted sharply to the expansion of the drive, asking traffic police to place requisite signage as otherwise people are harassed in the Walled City.\"People visiting the area had no knowledge of the traffic drive. So there was congestion between Red Fort and Fountain as the parking further spilled onto the road as there was no action in these areas,\" said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary of the Chandni Chowk Sarv Vypar Mandal.\"We have requested traffic police to install signs that indicate cars should be parked in the newly-opened Parade Ground parking lot,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055162", "title": "First-ever solo, non-stop sail across the globe flagged off", "text": "MUMBAI: The first-ever solo circumnavigation was flagged off from Mumbai on Thursday morning. Lieutenant commander Abhilash Tomy, the first Indian to attempt a solo non-stop circumnavigation, seemed at his confident best as he set sail for a voyage that would take him across all meridians and through the equator twice. Many salutes and a ceremonious send-off were given to Tomy for the solitary voyage.Tomy would be sailing across the world alone on a sailing boat. He has stacked up food, water, fuel and equipment, but the real daunting task would be to survive through the unpredictable sea and erratic climes. Tomy hopes to complete the voyage in five to six months. He would be sailing on an indigenously-made ship, Mhadei. Mhadei was chosen for circumnavigation three years ago when another naval official sailed across the globe. His voyage, however, had four stops.On Thursday, Tomy boarded the boat amid cheers and salute from his colleagues. He was given a naval memento, a binoculars and a cap with the naval logo. Tomy interacted with schoolchildren and colleagues as the naval band played a tribute. Just as the boat started moving away from the shore, Tomy waved out his cap and bade adieu. His colleagues queued up on another ship and saluted as the boat sailed away. Some navy officers went on a ferry to see Tomy off till Mumbai's sea boundary.As the boat sailed off and disappeared in a distance, the naval officers and civilians, who had gathered to watch the flag-off ceremony, dispersed. Most of them said that they would follow Tomy's progress closely through his blog. The Indian navy organized the circumnavigation as a way of making sea sailing more visible to the public. \"I hope more youngsters would be inspired to be sailors after this,\" Tomy had said during a recent interaction with mediapersons.On Thursday, Tomy boarded the sailing ship Mhadei, a ship indigenously made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17054771", "title": "Pak makes U-turn on renaming chowk after Bhagat Singh", "text": "AMRITSAR: Peaceniks of both India and Pakistan were shocked to know the decision of Pakistan government to put on hold its plans to rename Shadman Chowk in Lahore after Bhagat Singh under pressure from fundamentalists.Talking to TOI over phone from Lahore on Thursday, president of Labour Party Pakistan Farooq Tariq said the government's U-turn on its decision was most surprising and they would resist it. Labour Party Pakistan was campaigning for renaming the chowk after Bhagat Singh, he added.He said a delegation would meet district coordination officer (DCO) of Lahore on Friday and ask him to clarify the government's stand. The DCO had announced to rename Shadman Chowk after Bhagat Singh in September.Peace activist, theatre director and actress Madiha Gohar said the civil society in Pakistan was surrounded by people with fundamental ideologies. \"It is very shocking to know that there are forces who just want Muslim names for the squares and roundabouts. I wonder why do they discriminate people with their religion,\" she said.Keerat Sandhu, director of Punarjyot, a centre for preservation and promotion of the heritage of Punjab and organizer of annual Amritsar-Lahore peace festival, said Pakistan's decision would be detrimental to the peace process. \"This is the time when Pakistan government should promote secularism and not to give in to the diktats of fundamentalists\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17054843", "title": "Dispute over land leads to exchange of fire by 2 brothers near CIA office", "text": "PATIALA: Two groups led by two brothers exchanged fires near crime investigations agency (CIA) office, Patiala on Thursday morning. The dispute was over a piece of land.Police have registered a case on the statement of an injured, who has suffered bullet injuries.As per information commando, a youth of Dhakka colony, was standing at the rooftop of his house around 10.30 am when his real brother Sony along with some other friends fired at him. The bullet hit the commando in the right side of his stomach and injured also fired at his brother. When commando started firing from rooftop, Sony and his friends tried to escape, but some friends of commando also reached at rooftop.\"My husband was standing at rooftop when Sony opened fire. Both brothers have a dispute over a piece of land and tension has been going on for the last few months,\" alleged Sheetal, wife of commando, while standing near the hospital bed of her husband.After the gunshots, some cops of CIA also reached the spot within minutes and Sony along with his friends fled away from the spot, while commando has been admitted in Rajindera Hospital, here.\"We have registered a case against Sony and his friends and are conducting further investigation. Commando is undergoing an operation in the hospital to remove bullet from his body,\" said Patiala SP (D) Pripal Thind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055504", "title": "Whistleblower engineer Vijay Pandhare to turn to spiritualism", "text": "NASHIK: The whistle-blower engineer in the state's irrigation department, Vijay Pandhare, who opted for voluntary retirement on Wednesday, said that he would spend his time in spiritual activities and had no plans to join any social or political organization.A day after putting in his papers for voluntary retirement, Pandhare said that it was his personal decision and that he was not under pressure from any quarters to do so. As the Chief Engineer of the Maharashtra Engineering Training Academy (META), Pandhare had shot to fame when he blew the lid off the irrigation scam worth Rs 35,000 a few months ago by writing a letter to the chief minister.\"There is absolute no reason for opting VRS other than my personal choice. In future, I only wish to spend my time in giving spiritual discourses and conducting camps,\" he said.When asked about his future plans about any kind of activity to bring people together, he simply said, \"I have clearly spelt out my agenda and nothing more can be said today,\" Pandhare said.Due for retirement in November 2013, his gesture of seeking retirement is likely to be a bid to retreat into a shell and not confront those in power, according to sources.The state's engineers' association has said that it had nothing to do with who seeks VRS; even as it demanded that the officer should have explained what was wrong. \"VRS is a personal decision and the association has nothing to say,\" Subhash Chandsure, secretary (general) Maharashtra Engineering Services Federation said. \"If according to the officer, the strength was reduced by 50% and less cement would have gone into construction of dams, they all would have developed snags and some dams would have even washed away by now,\" a fellow engineer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17055963", "title": "Rape victims have no shelter in Alappuzha", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The district doesn't have a children's home for girls that can accommodate rape victims despite the increase in the number of rape cases.The district child welfare committee (DCWC) registered 12 rape cases this year.And five of these rape victims were unable to go back home as they had been sexually abused by the members of their families.\"So initially we accommodated these girls in the social welfare department's mahila mandiram in Alappuzha. However, the inmates of the mahila mandiram, which is functioning in a rented ram-shackled house, themselves are living in appalling conditions. That house does not even have a compound wall. Around eight teenagers, including two Chennai natives, handed over by police to the mandiram, have run away in the last two years. It will therefore be not proper to accommodate rape victims, especially teenage girls, there. So we shifted those five girls to the government girls' home in Kakkanad. That too is now full and cannot accommodate any more girls,\" said a DCWC official.\"DCWC member M K Abdul Samad said though the welfare committee had asked the government to set up a rescue home for girls in Alappuzha, the government had not taken any action. Apart from rape cases, the DCWC has also rescued many girls involved in child labour. If the government starts a home for girls, they can also be accommodated here,\" he said.\"Alappuzha has been registering more rape cases than any other district in the state. On June 27, a sixth standard student was raped by her father, brother, uncle and their two friends in Mararikkulam area.\"We could not send her back home, and so sent her to the girls' home in Kakkanad. Now her mother keeps approaching us saying she wants to see her daughter, but cannot go to Kakkanad as she does not know how to get there from her village,\" said Samad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "haldia/kolkata", "code": "17054034", "title": "Haldia Bulk Terminals\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 exit leaves 625 jobless", "text": "HALDIA/KOLKATA: When Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) was on board, it laid off 275 people. Now, with HBT gone, all 625 workers on the company's payroll have been rendered jobless, turning the wrangling match into a lose-all power game for Trinamool Congress MP Subhendu Adhikari.Adhikari will meet the out-of-job workers on Friday to try and reassure them about their future once a new cargo handler takes charge.As the aftershocks of HBT's exit rattled the state on Thursday, Kolkata Port Trust chairman-in-charge Manish Jain came rushing to the secretariat to keep the government posted about the ground realities. The labour department threatened it would file a complaint against HBT with the Centre for flouting labour laws.After a month-long impasse, riddled with complaints of violence, cargo handling firm Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) on Wednesday had announced that it was quitting Haldia port because of unsafe work conditions. The immediate trigger for the pullout seems to have been the alleged abduction of three of its officials around midnight on Monday.\"With a deep sense of disappointment we have to inform you that we have been left with no option but to walk out from Haldia Dock Complex with immediate effect. The ever-worsening situation at Haldia has left us feeling betrayed,\" HBT CEO Gurdeep Malhi said in a media statement on Wednesday.Meanwhile the sacked workers, who were used as canon fodder to trigger the controversy, could now turn into pawns in the political tussle. \"The sudden pullout by HBT has pushed us to the wall. We don't know where to go to get back our jobs. It is a setback for all of us,\" said Uttam Pradhan, who has been leading the agitation of the laid off workers.Little did Pradhan know that they would be used as a front to settle scores with the cargo handler. The drama leading to HBT's ouster has exposed the underbelly of this industrial township, where political dons and not the industry and the administration have been ruling the roost since the CPM was in power. So when HBT CEO Gurpreet Malhi said people with \"vested interests put impediments in our path\" the finger pointed not only at Adhikari but also CPM's Lakshman Seth, who began the arm-twisting.It was Seth who forced HBT to hire 220 people in 2010, an HBT official said. Trouble has been brewing since then because the firm felt that it should \"right-size\" the cargo handling workforce by laying off some \"surplus staff\". Adhikari was initially reluctant to take up the workers' cause because they belonged to Citu, CPM's trade union wing. The Haldia Citu leaders grabbed the opportunity to campaign against the \"anti-people\" role of the Trinamool government though Seth, on his way out, had welcomed HBT's modernisation move. \"Trinamool anti-socials blocked the company gates and did not allow the mechanised dumpers,\" Seth said.Sensing the mood, chief minister Mamata Banerjee sent party trade union leader Dola Sen to reassure the workers that her government was against retrenchment. This was when Adhikari got involved in the power game, turning the agitation to a high-pitch campaign where he threatened to scrap HBT's prayer for extension of contract before Kolkata Port Trust.Taking a leaf out of Seth's book, Adhikari started pressuring HBT to take his men, including the laid-off former Citu men who had since joined the INTTUC. Seth had done the same in his heyday. Such was his control that even industrial units had to take workers from him. The problem with Adhikari and his brand of politics is that he wants to demolish the existing power structure and establish himself in the port town, packing all the industrial units with his loyalists from Nandigram. The understanding was that a new cargo handler would have to take Adhikari's men to offset the remnants of the old political power structure. In doing so, Adhikari didn't care if HBT was driven out. The administration also lamely toed his line.Scrambling to control the fallout of HBT's exit, commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee is going to Haldia on November 6. \"We will hold an industrial fair at Haldia in December on the lines of the Bengal Leads endeavour,\" Chatterjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056161", "title": "Now, Shivneri service on Swargate-Dadar route too", "text": "PUNE: Strengthening the bus connectivity to Mumbai, the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) on Thursday introduced Swargate-Dadar Shivneri (air-conditioned) services. Almost all trips registered more than 50% occupancy on the first day.The officials here said the MSRTC already ran daily Shivneri buses on the Pune station-Dadar route (every half an hour), the Swargate-Thane route (every one hour) and on the Swargate-Borivli route (every one hour).A senior MSRTC official from Pune division said, \"There was a long-pending demand from passengers for Shivneri buses on Swargate-Dadar route. The proposal received a green signal from the head office last month\".According to the official, the service will benefit commuters, particularly from the Swargate, Deccan Gymkhana and Kothrud areas, who were demanding direct connectivity to Dadar as there was no direct service available between Swargate and Dadar.According to the official, all trips received good response on the first day. While the officials here are expecting further increase in passenger response in the next couple of months, they said the frequency would be increased depending on the response.About 12 trips have been planned from each end. From 6am till 8pm, buses will run every hour from Swargate and via Deccan Gymkhana, Karve Road and Paud Road will hit the Katraj-Dehu Road bypass at Chandni chowk. The buses will follow the same route for the return journey. The fare is fixed at Rs 370 one way. MLA Madhuri Misal and MLC Mohan Joshi were present at Swargate terminus to flag off the inaugural trip to Dadar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17055649", "title": "Deceased driver booked for Anmod mishap", "text": "PONDA: Collem police booked the deceased truck driver for the Anmod Ghat mishap that took place on Wednesday. The deceased driver was identified as Hemant Gowda, 24, of Karnataka.Collem PI Jivba Dalvi said that the driver was crushed to death after his 10-wheeler lorry, carrying cement bags, dashed against a roadside hillock at Anmod Ghat on the Goa side of the border with Karnataka. The driver was trapped inside the wreckage and his body was retrieved only after cranes separated the wreckage in the evening, Dalvi said. The condition of the cleaner, Bhimat Gowda, 35, of Karnataka, who was flung out of the vehicle, was stable and he was recovering at the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055661", "title": "Presidency University teachers can take sabbatical", "text": "KOLKATA: Presidency University teachers will now be allowed to go on a \"sabbatical\" to pursue research, take up teaching assignments in the country and abroad or even write a book \u00e2\u20ac\u201d something that their colleagues in other state universities aren't allowed to do.The decision was approved in the meeting of the university's highest policy making body, the executive council, on October 17.While Delhi University allows such sabbaticals to only professors and principals, Presidency has gone ahead and extended the benefit to all categories of teachers.The Presidency authorities had been insisting on the provision to give ample opportunities to its teachers to facilitate their career advancement.\"The idea is create a balance between teaching and research which is necessary in university education,\" said vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar. \"The decision to grant sabbatical leaves has also found support from the mentor group,\" the vice-chancellor said.Heartburn in other varsitiesThe provision has expectedly caused heartburn among teachers in other state universities. \"This is a very good provision. This has been a long standing demand of the Jadavpur University Teachers' Association (JUTA). This requires an amendment of the Act for state universities that doesn't provide for sabbatical leave. The government should extend this leave to all universities to give all the teachers a level playing field to pursue post-doctoral research,\" Juta secretary Partha Pratim Biswas said.Presidency has also decided to take out botany, zoology, physiology, molecular biology and biotechnology from the usual science stream and place them under the \"biological sciences\" umbrella. The new syllabus for all subjects will be in place from July next.The university authorities are also toying with a proposal to create the post of a coordinator for multi-disciplinary research in Presidency University. Such a provision may be incorporated in the university statute to address the need of the hour. The coordinator may look after research on a single project conducted jointly by several departments and disburse funds accordingly. The university also has plans to create the post of a alumni liaison officer for networking and fetching funds in the lines of the IITs. \"We can't solely depend on government funding. We have to explore other sources. Our university has a strong alumni base that can be tapped for supplementary funding,\" the vice-chancellor said.In a bid to make teachers from outside the state and even abroad feel at home, the VC would also like to ask for a domestic bursar's post to be created in order to provide smooth transit and accommodation for teachers. \"We may also decide against appointing a law officer. Instead the university may plan to engage solicitors on a case to case basis whenever required,\" VC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059784", "title": "Kids more generous when they're being watched", "text": "Children are more generous when they know that their actions will be seen, according to a new study.Even kindergartners know how to play the social game and strategise ways to build up a reputation, findings suggest.For their study, Kristin Lyn Leimgruber and colleagues presented five year olds with stickers and gave them the option of sharing one or four stickers with another five year old.The authors found that children were more generous when they could see the recipient than when the recipient was hidden from view, and were also more generous when they had to give stickers in a transparent container rather than an opaque one (meaning the recipient could see what they were receiving).They also found that these behaviors were independent of how many stickers the children were given to keep for themselves.According to the authors, these results show that children as young as five can make strategic choices about whether to be generous, depending on whether or not a recipient is aware of their actions.Leimgruber explains, \"Although the frequency with which children acted antisocially is striking, the conditions under which they chose to act generously are even more interesting and suggest that children likely use much more sophisticated prosocial strategies than we previously assumed.\"Much like the patterns of charity we see in adults, donation tendencies in children appear to be driven by the amount of information available to others about their actions\u00e2\u20ac\u201d for both adults and children, the more others know about their actions, the more likely they are to act generously,\" she added.The study was recently published in the open access journal PLOS ONE .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17055263", "title": "Hexaware records 30% profit in third quarter", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT company Hexaware on Thursday reported 29.9 per cent jump in profit after tax at Rs 84 crore for the third quarter ended September 30, 2012.The company had posted PAT of Rs 64.7 crore for the same period a year ago.\"Over the last few years, we have enhanced our core capabilities in the two focus verticals -- Banking and Capital Markets and in Travel and Transportation... We are now actively pursuing inorganic opportunities to expand our vertical presence,\" Hexaware Technologies chairman Atul Nishar said in a statement.The company has declared payment of interim dividend at the rate of Rs 1.20 per share (60 per cent) on equity shares of Rs 2 each. Hexaware's income from operations increased 38.6 per cent at Rs 507.51 crore during the quarter, compared to Rs 366 crore in the corresponding period last year.\"During this year, we have added significantly to the field sales organisation. These investments have enabled us to expand our focused account management program to cover our Top 50 clients,\" Hexaware Technologies CEO and Vice Chairman P R Chandrasekar said. At the end of September 2012, the global headcount in the company increased to 9,143 from June 2012 which is 979 people more compared to its total headcount in September 2011.The statement said that Hexaware gave an average of 11 per cent wage increase for its personnel at offshore effective April 1, 2012 and an average compensation increase of 4 per cent for employees at overseas locations effective October 1, 2012.Without disclosing name of company, Hexaware said that it has bagged a multi-million dollar deal in the Financial Services domain in Europe during the quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore/ namakkal", "code": "17056436", "title": "Poultry products lie on Kerala border", "text": "COIMBATORE/ NAMAKKAL: State agriculture minister and chief secretary spoke to their Kerala counterparts to allow poultry farmers in Tamil Nadu transport chicken and eggs to markets in the neighbouring state.Poultry farmers and exporters, largely centered in and around Namakkal, are facing a major crisis ever since Kerala, a major market, imposed a ban on poultry products from TN after reports of outbreak of avian influenza or bird flu in Bangalore earlier this week. Stocks have piled up in Namakkal resulting in severe loss for the farmers. Kerala's decision to close the border for chicken and eggs has deprived the farmers of not only a large market but also severely affected exports to Gulf countries though Kochi port. Reports of the bird flu outbreak have also led to fall in domestic consumption across Tamil Nadu.On Thursday, state agriculture minister S Damodaran contacted his Kerala counterpart K P Mohanan and sought his help to lift the ban. However, Mohanan said the ban was enforced by the health department and not by his ministry (agriculture), but promised to bring the issue to the notice of Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy and health minister Adoor Prakash. Tamil Nadu chief secretary has written a letter to the Kerala chief secretary citing scientific data to assure that the high temperature in Namakkal would not allow any outbreak of bird flu.Talking to TOI, Namakkal district collector D Jagannathan said the state is in constant touch with Kerala over the issue and the crisis would be resolved soon. According to him, at least 500 trucks carrying 200 crore eggs and over 300 trucks carrying about 10 lakh live cull birds are stranded on the Kerala border, awaiting clearance from the check post. Though Tamil Nadu Live Stock Department has started to issue certificates that each bird and egg is free of bird flu, free movement of poultry has yet to happen.According to Tamil Nadu Poultry Farmers Association president P Nallathampy, the crisis is likely to be resolved in another two days. \"We are trying our very best to convince Kerala government and the traders there. Our poultry farms are being operated in scientific way with high cleanliness. The crisis would soon be over,'' he said. \"Though poultry farms here have not been affected by flu, the fear is that overseas buyers will not be location-specific while banning the products. They will stay away from our shipments until the OIE (World Organisation for Animal Health) declares the zone avian flu-free,\" said P Selvaraj, chairman, National Egg Coordination Committee (NECC), Namakkal zone.Eggs from Namakkal are sold in markets in Afghanistan apart from Gulf countries. \"Trade picks up during November-January after all the austerities get over. Kerala, being a major market, the ban could result in 1.05 crore eggs piling up here,\" he said. This also likely to result in a cut in prices, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17054313", "title": "IG urges people to help improve traffic", "text": "VARANASI: IG GL Meena, on Thursday, urged people to cooperate for ensuring improvement in the traffic scene in the city.Addressing a function at the Circuit House to begin the traffic month, he highlighted the measures being initiated by the traffic and civil police to ensure such improvement. Other officials emphasized on proper coordination between district administration, Varanasi Municipal Corporation and others for improving the condition of roads. The IG also flagged off the traffic awareness vehicles.SP traffic GN Khanna welcomed the guests. DIG A Satish Ganesh and SSP BD Paulson threw light on the objectives of the traffic month. It was followed by the opening of an exhibition of traffic equipment. A free eye checking camp for drivers was also inaugurated. District magistrate Saurabh Babu and municipal commissioner RP Singh also attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054531", "title": "CRPF wants LPG at subsidized rate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and other central armed police forces are demanding LPG cylinders at subsidized rate. The demand was part of the agenda of a CRPF senior officers' conference held here on Thursday.The CISF, too, has a similar demand and plans to raise the matter with the Union home ministry, said an officer.\"Besides a host of benefits, the Army gets LPG cylinders at subsidized rate. We are also fighting a war daily and our boys are getting killed. Why can't the government concede this much?\" asked a CRPF officer.In September, the Centre had put a cap on subsidized LPG cylinders as part of its reforms agenda. Each household would get six subsidized cylinders a year, and the rest would have to be bought at market rate linked to fluctuating international prices.The move has hit the aam aadmi hard. Security forces posted across the country, including in remote areas, are feeling the pinch.Currently, the ration money allowance (RMA) per day for CRPF men \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from constable up to subedar major \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is Rs 67.55. The RMA is fixed so that it is enough to provide 3,800 calories per day to a security force personnel.\"We are finding it tough to feed our boys within the current mess budget. We have to compromise on their nutrition to meet the cost of running the mess,\" said a CRPF commandant.The RMA is revised every year considering the current hike in prices at a review meeting held in April. The home ministry has appointed the BSF as the nodal agency to deal with RMA.The CRPF has written to the government seeking immediate hike in RMA proportionate to hike in fuel price. The security forces want the review meeting to be held before April to hike the RMA.\"Unless the chiefs of all central armed police forces take up the matter with the home ministry, a decision could take a long time,\" said a CISF officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17059201", "title": "Establish counseling cell in every college to bring down number of suicides in Goa : NSUI", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Unit of National Students' Union of India (NSUI) met the vice chancellor, Satish Shetye, of the Goa University on Thursday and demanded to set up a counseling cell in every college in the state.NSUI also demanded to have a compulsory class on stress management for all students at least twice a month along with a list of online as well as offline signatures of those supporting the cause.The Vice Chancellor accepted all the recommendations in principle and also offered to work with NSUI Goa in various activities to ensure that we bring down the number of suicides in Goa said Hasiba Amin state president, NSUI.Amin said that VC has also said that the University is completely willing to fulfill the recommendations however a major problem faced by Goa is the lack of certified counselors to appoint to form these counseling cells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17059513", "title": "PCB backs ICC green signal to day-night Tests", "text": "LAHORE: The Pakistan Cricket Board has welcomed the ICC's go ahead to day-night Test matches, calling it a \"breakthrough\" decision that would add value to the game.The executive coordination committee of the PCB which met yesterday to review and discuss the ICC decision, said it would allow member countries to increase the value of Test matches as a product.\"The committee has welcomed the decision and noted that cricket at the moment is going through an evolution phase,\" a spokesman for the board said.\"The committee sees the decision to allow member countries to have day and night Test matches as a breakthrough,\" he added.The committee noted that Pakistan was the first full member country to have a day-night first-class match with coloured cricket balls.\"The PCB, not once, but twice experimented with having the final of the premier first class tournament under lights with coloured balls and on both occasions the response of the people and broadcasters was positive,\" spokesman Nadeem Sarwar said.He said the PCB committee also felt that day-night Tests would allow people to come and watch quality cricket in their spare time.\"The committee sees this as a value decision of the ICC,\" Sarwar said.Reliable sources in the board said that in the next few days the PCB chief might have talks with his South African counterpart on the possibility of a day-night Test match being played between the two countries from early next year.\"Pakistan and South Africa are both strong supporters of day and night Tests so this could be a strong possibility if the South Africans respond positively,\" one source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17056063", "title": "BMW expects good response in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Aiming to sell its extremely premium cars in the rural markets of Uttar Pradesh, German automobile major, Bavarian Motor Works (BMW), on Thursday launched its dealership facility at Speed Motorwagen located on the Faizabad Road here. The agency has already delivered 16 BMW cars within two months of its operations in Lucknow and Kanpur and hopes to sell another 100-120 cars across various models by the next year. Company spokesperson confirmed to have received bookings of 7 more cars to be delivered by next week.Kanpur's facility was launched two weeks ago in Civil Lines area. Uttar Pradesh is fast emerging as a market for premium auto companies.The market for luxury cars, including the high end SUVs and sedans, comprises some 400-odd cars annually. The BMW cars range between Rs 29 lakh and Rs 1.5 crore and target higher and upper middle class groups.These cars have received good response from the small and medium businessmen across the state along with politicians, bureaucrats, advocates and doctors. Divij Narain, director of peed Motorwagen, said, \"Lucknow is primarily a SUV market because most of the powerful people like politicians need to travel with their ancillary. Our SUV segment is called Sports Activity vehicles. While in Kanpur, we look forward to sell more of sedans which are meant for not more than four people at a time.\" The facilities at Lucknow and Kanpur are jointly expecting about 20% growth year-on-year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17055988", "title": "Fake IAS officer manages to enter CM secretariat, arrested", "text": "LUCKNOW: A habitual impostor was arrested after he was exposed when he met the principal secretary to the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to influence the transfer of a Regional Transport Officer (RTO) on Thursday. The incident has also exposed the loopholes in the security paraphernalia at the chief minister secretariat as the accused managed to reach the fifth-floor of Annexe whereCM office is located.The impostor was identified as Pramod Kumar Singh.On Thursday morning, \" IAS officer \" Saurabh Garg reached the Anexxe and contacted Rakesh Garg, principal secretary to CM, on phone expressing his desire to meet the latter. He introduced himself as a joint secretary posted with the finance department in the Union government. He provided his address as 161, North Block, New Delhi. He described the reason for the meeting as \"government work\".The attempt was so successful that the office of the principal secretary Rakesh Garg sent a written acknowledgement to the Annexxe gate instructing the security to issue an entry pass to Saurabh. Saurabh was immediately issued an entry pass. Sources said Saurabh informed the staff at the office of Rakesh Garg that he has a prior appointment with the principal secretary. His introduction as Saurabh Garg also worked in his favour and the unsuspecting staff allowed him in.A smooth talker, Saurabh managed to have an audience with Rakesh Garg during which he sought his help to influence the transfer of an RTO officer in UP.But what exposed him was his failure to name his batchmates and other similar specifics asked by Rakesh Garg. Suspicious about his credentials, Rakesh Garg grilled him further till it became apparent that he was an impostor. The officer then informed the police.Saurabh Garg later identified himself as Pramod Kumar Singh and claimed to be a software professional hailing from Varanasi. Soon it also came to light that he had made a similar attempt in August when he had met a top railway official in Lucknow, posing as a senior railway officer himself and demanded a free train journey. He was put behind bars by the Government Railway Police after it found Singh was lying about his antecedents. Confirming the development, assistant operations manager, Amitabh Kumar, said, \"We apprehended him in August and found that he was carrying no identification and was obviously telling lies. Singh was then arrested and an FIR was lodged against him.\"In August, Singh had kept the railway officers at Charbagh station engaged for hours after he introduced himself as ADRM (Howrah) and wanted station employees to arrange train tickets for his journey to Varanasi. He also boasted of proximity to ADRM (Lucknow) RK Lal, which was later found to be an untruth.Upon enquiry, it was found that Singh had sought favours from the Railway earlier as well. In August, Singh had confessed to be in a highly-paid software professional in a Noida-based company, a claim the railways said it would get checked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054674", "title": "Sakkardara lake dying a slow death sans maintenance", "text": "NAGPUR: Sakkardara lake is dying a slow death thanks to the lackadaisical attitude adopted by Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) and the callous approach of private agency in charge of its maintenance.On May 2, 2011, NIT signed an agreement with a private firm owned by Murlidhar Chavan. As per the contract, Chavan's firm was to maintain the Sakkardara garden as well as the lake, spread over 21 acres, for five years. The firm was allowed to charge Rs 5 per person as admission fee. Chavan, in turn, was to pay NIT Rs 15.50 lakh for the five year term.Unfortunately, though Chavan has maintained the garden area well, he has badly failed to maintain the lake. The agency should have taken necessary precaution to ensure that water in the lake was not polluted and should have cleaned it at regular intervals.The contract also mentioned it clearly that in case of any lapse, the agency alone would be held responsible for the harm caused to the lake water and the environment in general. As per the agreement, it was a binding on the agency to ensure periodic cleaning and desilting of lake as and when necessary or as directed by officer-in-charge of NIT. A penalty of Rs 5,000 would be imposed for each such failure.The agency should have prevented public from polluting the lake and garden by throwing waste. Currently, the lake wears a dirty look with nirmalya and other waste floating around. This is posing a serious threat to the lake.It was also mandatory for the agency to seek prior permission from NIT for arranging yoga classes, flower shows, painting competitions, magic shows, aero modeling shows and even animal rides in the garden. Despite the conditions laid down, the operator initiated camel and horse rides sans permission. The contractor has also built one-room shanty in violation of law.Though Chavan claimed to have obtained permission from NIT to start joy rides, he failed to furnish any documentary evidence to corroborate his claim.Meanwhile, NIT is already facing public wrath for its failure to maintain public parks across the city. Over 39 gardens have no drinking water facilities, while 34 gardens are sans public toilets. Though toilets were made available at 15 places, lack of maintenance has rendered them useless.Sakkardara resident Mahesh Gharde wondered why both the NIT and NMC were neglecting the 200-year-old lake. Despite repeated attempts, NIT chairman Pravin Darade was not available to comment on the issue.The question here is why the civic authorities are silent on the encroachments under their nose. \"Zonal offices all over the city are supposed to keep a vigil on illegal constructions. Unfortunately, these offices have turned into tax collection centres only,\" said RTI activist Abhay Kolarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17058763", "title": "Noam Chomsky expresses solidarity with Kudankulam protesters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Internationally acclaimed academician Noam Chomsky of Massachusetts Institute of Technology of the United States has warned that Kudankulam could be another Bhopal disaster in waiting. In a solidarity letter to the struggling people he said: \"Nuclear energy is a very dangerous initiative, particularly in countries like India, which has had more than its share of industrial disasters, Bhopal being the most famous.\"\"I would like to express my support for the courageous people's movement protesting the opening of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant,\" added Chomsky.Avram Noam Chomsky is a noted linguist, philosopher, cognitive scientist, logician, historian, political critic and activist. He has worked as a professor in the department of linguistics and philosophy at MIT. In addition to his work in linguistics, he has written on war, politics, mass media and a many other areas. Chomsky was cited more often than any other living scholar from 1980 to 1992 and he was voted the 'world's top public intellectual' in a 2005 poll. Described as the 'father of modern linguistics', he is most well known for his book called 'Manufacturing Consent'.\"The support of Chomsky came as a major boost to the fishing community of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka, who are unfortunately the first victims of the Koodankulam Nuclear Power Plant,\" said T Peter, secretary, National Fish Workers' Forum. \"We hope more and more groups and individuals will support the struggle.\"\"Chomsky is one of the most leading existing internationally renowned left intellectuals today. It is surprising that while such a great personality has expressed support to the Koodankulam struggle, the left in India is still confused about their stand on the hazards of nuclear energy,\" said Civic Chandran, activist writer. Chomsky's response came as a part of the efforts of the anti-nuclear activists to campaign on Koodankulam issue through the net in a unique manner through a well known website called www.countercurrents org. The site has been publishing posters using statements in support of the Koodankulam struggle from well known national and international personalities every day along with their photographs from October 11, onwards.Mairead Maguire, the 1976 nobel peace prize winner and Irish peace activist also expressed her solidarity to the Koodankulam struggle. She said the struggle is an inspiration to the world. She added: \"I offer my solidarity with the brave people of Koodankulam, as they non-violently resist the Koodankulam nuclear power plant in their community. The courageous villagers-men and women-who are risking their lives do so to safeguard the lives of their children, the livelihood of all their fishermen,and their environment. We support you all, continue to be brave, refuse to be silent, and you will overcome. Your actions are an inspiration to many of us around the world and we join you in spirit. Shanti.\"The campaign through posters on the internet began with former chief minister of Kerala, V S Achuthanandan stating: \"We do not need this nuclear bomb. The central government must immediately stop all activities regarding this plant. The Kerala government must wake up with an understanding on the threat from this on the people and act immediately.\"While the stand of Achuthanandan on nuclear energy was being debated, others across the globe joined the campaign with words of support.\"What the poor people of Kudankulam is doing is what anyone would struggle for the protection of one's own life and future. It is not surprising that the Government which has become a part of the nuclear lobby could not understand this. Let them learn from the widespread lessons of Chernobyl and Fukushima\" said Binoy Viswarm, former minster of in Kerala government.Meanwhile, Christian Juhl, Member of Parliament and spokesman, the Red-Green Alliance, Denmark said: We fully support the courageous struggle against the nuclear power station in Kudankulam. In Denmark the resistance against nuclear power was strong and well organised and today Denmark is free of nuclear energy. Our resistance was able to close the nuclear power station Barseback in Sweden close to Denmark.\"Terming it as another Fukushima of the future, Siritunga Jayasuria, former Presidential candidate of Sri Lanka said: \"Kudankulam nuclear plant is a Fukushima in the making. It will be another genocide of the Tamils, Sinhalese and Indians waiting to happen. Sri Lanka is just a stone's throw away from Kudankulam. We the Sri Lankan people, Tamil, Sinhalese and Tamil speaking Muslims oppose it, along side our brothers and sisters of Idinthakarai and Kudankulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17056854", "title": "Women master art of cooking not before 55: Survey", "text": "LONDON: Women master their culinary skills only when they hit the age of 55, a new survey has found.Researchers in the UK found that even master cooks experience their fair share of dinner disasters over the years, ranging from collapsed souffles and leathery joints of beef to soggy vegetables and under-done eggs. Confirming that it takes decades to learn all the tricks of the kitchen, the survey found that the average woman does not become a perfect cook until she reaches 55, the Telegraph reported.Women gather the confidence by that age and experience to throw together baking ingredients without weighing them, make a tasty supper out of random leftovers, put on a dinner party.Researchers found that women who have reached their mid-50s have a repertoire of more than 15 meals they can quickly rustle up, have mastered the timings for a roast dinner.The survey of 1,000 women found that 85% of respondents aged 55 and over could confidently cook a perfect fried or boiled egg, and 80% could make a delicious meal from random ingredients. Half of the respondents said they never used artificial sauces and always made their own, and three-quarters said they regularly baked cakes and biscuits.Two-thirds in this age group can confidently cook bread from scratch and 55% know which herbs should go with which meats.'Smell of freshly baked food makes you kind'The smell of freshly baked breads, cakes and pastries don't just stimulate our appetites \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they make us nicer people, a new study has claimed. Benefits of a freshly baked bread extend far beyond the obvious ones \u00e2\u20ac\u201d such as being comforting, homely and undeniably delicious, researchers said. Researchers at the University of Southern Brittany in France, believe it may also make us kinder to strangers, the Daily Mail said. They found that shoppers were more likely to alert a passer-by they had dropped a belonging if, at the time, they were passing near a bakery giving off the mouth-watering aroma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17054100", "title": "Trichy civic body cracks down on private labs", "text": "TRICHY: Corporation officials in Trichy have started cracking down on private laboratories that perform rapid card test to confirm dengue instead of carrying out 'Elisa' test recommended by the state government. The corporation seized rapid card test kits from private labs and warned that erring private labs would be sealed.\"There were many 'false positive' dengue cases reported through rapid card tests in laboratories in private hospitals in Trichy. Though the rapid card test is not banned, this test is only for screening and it cannot confirm dengue,\" Dr T Senthilkumar, city health officer (CHO) of Trichy corporation, told TOI.A team of corporation officials inspected Vasan hospitals in Puthur, Deepan hospitals and Gitanjali hospitals and seized rapid card tests from them. \"We repeatedly intimated the private hospitals to go by 'Elisa' test only. As they failed to do so, we began cracking down on them. As of now, two government labs in MGMGH and zonal entomology team (ZET) and a private lab in Trichy have the facilities to conduct 'Elisa' test in Trichy. We are getting daily reports about dengue cases from those labs. If any new labs want to have 'Elisa' test facility, they should also send daily reports to us about the quality of kits among other details. In case there is any report about performing rapid card tests in private labs, they will be sealed,\" warned Senthilkumar.The fee for Elisa test is around Rs 700 whereas the fee for rapid test is around Rs 400.Since the outbreak of fever in Trichy and neighbouring districts of Thanjavur and Pudukkottai over the past few months, many patients got admitted in private hospitals in Trichy. However, laboratories in many private hospitals had the facilities for carrying out rapid card test only and a lot of patients were diagnosed with dengue through this test. On the contrary, health department officials kept saying 'Elisa' test only could confirm dengue. Despite the fact, private hospitals continued to diagnose dengue with rapid card test and 'confirmed' dengue for many patients.Dengue claimed four lives in Trichy district last week as patients could not recover following treatment in Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital. Since then, corporation officials intensified monitoring and embarked on a door-to-door awareness and prevention campaign in the city.\"We came to know that a lot of patients have been diagnosed with dengue through rapid card tests in private hospitals in Trichy. It came to light when we went for door-to-door prevention measures. We collected evidence and acted on them,\" added Senthilkumar.The drive against dengue is gaining momentum in Trichy. The city corporation is mulling involving members from women self-help groups in prevention measures.In this regard, corporation commissioner VP Thandapani and Dr Senthilkumar held a meeting with around 500 women from SHGs in Trichy on Thursday.\"We plan to use manpower from SHGs to spray 'Abate' solution in public places like theatres as well as for fogging operations. We considered this move as health officials could not cover the entire area in a short period. Talks are still on about sanctioning loans to SHGs to buy 'handy fogging machines'. A decision will be taken in a few days,\" said Senthilkumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17053817", "title": "Now, dry runs before part closure of SG Road", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Expecting a chaos over the proposed SG Road blocks before Diwali, the city police and the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) have now decided to conduct a few dry runs before announcing a complete closure of this arterial road.The Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GCCI), representing several trading bodies and shop owners on SG Road, has also appealed to the NHAI and city police to postpone construction activity till after Diwali.On Thursday, the NHAI initiated an on-the-spot survey of passenger cars and heavy vehicles traversing through SG Road to assess the traffic flow on weekdays and weekends. The engineering wing of NHAI is also simultaneously carrying out an expansion of the highway at critical junctions like Thaltej and Surdhara crossroads.The reason behind this exercise is that the eight-lane SG Road, which is part of the National Highway number 8, is being converted into a 12-lane thoroughfare. \"Six lanes on each side of the 2.5 km stretch between Gurudwara and Sola cross roads is being built. The middle portion of the highway will be an underpass. At Thaltej and Gurudwara cross roads, two over-bridges will be constructed,\" said an NHAI official.On Saturday, the NHAI will start to install barricades to see how the traffic behaves during peak hours. NHAI officials claim that the widening of certain sections of Thaltej circle near Acropolis mall and the Amul parlor has been completed. The NHAI has also demolished road verges at these junctions to maximize space. At the Surdhara junction, separate entry and exit points have been constructed for traffic from Gandhinagar and Adalaj.\"The idea is to create space almost equivalent to what will be blocked during the construction activity on SG Road. The police too will go about traffic diversions in a planned and phased manner. Though a notification indicating a complete road closure from Thursday was issued recently, we now feel that an immediate road block would create a lot of inconvenience for the general public ,\" says a senior NHAI official.NHAI sources add that there were strong representations from the government to go slow on blocking the highway. \"After we analyse the traffic flow, we will introduce diversions as work progresses. We are avoiding any major road blocks as of now,\" the official adds.City traffic officials said that they have already deployed more personnel on the SG Road and the diversions with festive season in sight. \"Initially, we shall acclimatize regular commuters with the new arrangements. We know that the stretch under construction is one of the busiest on SG Road and we don't want to bring traffic to a grinding halt. Gradual setting up of barricades will also prepare the citizens for the diversions. Service roads have also been opened for regular traffic,\" said a senior traffic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054446", "title": "Jahangirpuri marshes lost to govt apathy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Environmentalists say that the Jahangirpuri marshes, located in the north, are one of Delhi's three critical eco-systems, along with the Yamuna and the Ridge. However, while the latter have at least been protected by law, government agencies are not even sure of marshland's area. Large scale dumping, massive encroachments and no help from land owning agencies have reduced the size of the marshes from around 700 acres in the 1960-70s to nearly 300 acres at present.Delhi Jal Board, which owned 285 acres of the marshland in 2004, has handed over 42 acres to Delhi Police, 60 acres to PWD and more recently, 114 acres to Delhi Metro. Delhi Police has planned to build a residential complex on 24 acres and was forced by the high court to make a water body on the remaining 18 acres. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation is currently filling up the marshland with it for the construction of a line and a new station. Some part of the land is with DDA which was to build a residential complex on it but the state environment impact assessment committee refused to grant it clearance. The agency now has to maintain about 50-odd acres as wetlands.\"The marshes are a mix of wetlands and grasslands, ecologically considered to be one of most productive aquatic systems. They act as a habitat to a large number of wild species of both plants and animals and exhibit a good presence of bird life, especially in winter months. However, with absolutely no protection or special status given to these, nobody is even aware of how much land has been lost to encroachment and how much has dried up due to official apathy. On a recent visit to the area, we found massive dumping taking place there,\" said Manoj Mishra, convener of Yamuna Jiye Abhiyan.The land has suffered several onslaughts by civic and government agencies over many years, say sources. Vinod Jain, director of NGO Tapas, who had filed a case on protection of water bodies in the high court, says that in 2002, PWD had attempted to fill its area with fly ash but the court had stayed the move. \"In 1994-96, DJB had transferred land to PWD and Delhi Police. In 2004, it submitted a list of water bodies under its jurisdiction to the court in which the Jahangirpuri marshes were mentioned. The chief secretary then overturned the affidavit to call it \"banjar zameen\" or barren land. The court stayed this move as well which officially makes the marshes a water body even now,\" said Jain.DDA's Master Plan 2021 lists the marshes under Zone C as a water body. However, even residents say that the marshes are drying up more and more each year. Pointing to a field that had children playing, Harsh Joshi, a resident, said that the field had been part of the marshland till a few years ago but an embankment made by the government had stopped rainwater from entering the area.\"The agencies do not realize it now but filling up the area will have a reverse dam effect on the neighbouring area, including Azadpur. During the rainy season, the natural water flow into this basin will stop and all of it will then flow into the colonies and main roads causing the entire area to be submerged,\" said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17056644", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTime for GenNext to take charge\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Sambit Panigrahi is originally a native of Aska. His father works in Balangir district. His family came to Bhubaneswar and started living in a rented accommodation last year to let Sambit and his younger sister Priti have access to better education. And Sambit hasn't disappointed his parents. Getting selected in the final round of Times Scholar's Programme is the latest feather in his cap.\"When I took admission to BJB College in Plus II, we decided that the family should shift here. My father shuttles between Balangir and Bhubaneswar because of his job there. The rest of us have been staying here,\" said the Class XII boy. Sambit's sister Priti is a Class XI student in the same college.\"Since my mother stays with me, I didn't have to put up in hostel. I can concentrate on my study in a relaxed manner. I think this is a big plus for me as I have never stayed in hostel before. I have to appear in crucial entrance examinations this year, taking a chance with hostel would not have been a good idea,\" he said. His mother Savita is a homemaker.Sambit did his early schooling, from pre-school to Class X, at Kantabanji Sashu Vidya Mandir. By securing 94.3% in Class X, he secured the 17th rank in the state. His academic performance has been consistently good. He stood third in the state in Medha Brahti Krishna, a scholarship programme. Contrary to wide perceptions, Sambit feels parents these days wre not over-ambitious about their wards' performances.Sambit aims to become a civil servant. \"I find civil service is the best job to serve the country effectively. Good bureaucrats can bring a lot of changes in the governance,\" he said.The immediate priority for the 17-year-old, however, is to crack IIT. \"I want to join an IIT because these are perceived to be the best institutions where one's talent is groomed well,\" he said. He studies for around four hours daily apart from attending classes in the college and a private coaching class. \"Classroom teaching may not be enough to compete in all-India level examinations. That is why I am also attending a coaching class,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17056163", "title": "Rail users\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 meet to address Malabar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s woes", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The first zonal rail users consultative committee meeting of the Chennai railway zone is expected to address the long-pending demands of the commuters in Malabar.The meeting to be held in Chennai on Thursday will mainly consider the demands for extending Mangalore trains to Kozhikode, sanctioning additional trains, making Kozhikode station a railway station of international standard and converting technical stops into commercial stops.The members of the committee have already approached southern railway authorities in Chennai and submitted a memorandum on the projects that need to be urgently implemented in Malabar.The demand for operating the Kannur-Yeswanthpur Express via Mysore, the Yeswanthpur-Manglore Express via Arasikare and extending the Mumbai-Mangalore Matsya Gandha Express to Kozhikode is one its premier requirements.The committee also wants an additional train on the Kannur-Yeswanthpur route on account of the ban on night traffic through NH 212 imposed by Karnataka. In addition to this, the committee may seek more general coaches in all trains plying through Malabar.Upgrading of important stations is another of its demands. Though talks of Kozhikode station, which is celebrating its 125th anniversary this year, being upgraded have been heard for long, no work towards this end has yet begun.The memorandum further states that atrocities against lady passengers and robberies had become regular incidents in trains.C E Chakkunni, a member of the users' committee, said he was optimistic about the railways solving the problems that passengers in Malabar region were facing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17056670", "title": "Odisha a leader in anti-graft fight", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha came third after Maharashtra and Karnataka in terms of the number of vigilance cases registered against corrupt officers in 2011. This was revealed by a report released by chief minister Naveen Patnaik during celebration of Vigilance Awareness Week in Bhubaneswar on Thursday.While Odisha vigilance wing registered 440 cases in 2011, its Maharashtra and Karnataka counterparts registered 512 and 479 cases, the report quoted the National Crime Record Bureau as saying. While 344 cases have been registered this year, the anti-corruption wing had lodged 437 corruption cases in 2010.As many as 79 tainted Class-I officers were brought to book on corruption charge in the state in 2011, the report said. \"Fifty-seven Class-I officers have been booked this year,\" it added.Sources said three IAS officers and two IFS officers were booked on graft charges this year. While the vigilance had registered altogether 95 cases against total 40 IAS officers till November 1, 2011, the latest report revealed that altogether 99 cases have been registered against 43 IAS officers till this year.\"The disposal of corruption cases has increased by 72% over the past two years. While 265 cases were disposed of in 2011, the figure stood at 222 in 2010 and 154 in 2009,\" vigilance director Surendra Panwar said. \"We are giving emphasis on conviction as well and urged the government to set up a few more vigilance courts in Odisha,\" Panwar added.During the past five years, 388 cases ended in conviction, involving 34 Class-I officers, official sources said. \"Conviction rate stood at 40% last year. The percentage would have been much higher but for the accumulation of large pendency of cases in courts in earlier years where many crucial witnesses or accused persons died,\" Panwar informed. Sources said a little over 2000 corruption cases are pending in courts.Around 61 corruption cases have ended in conviction this year so far. The percentage of conviction is 13% against Class-I officers.Naveen said that during the past three years, 276 public servants have been convicted in court of law, which is a major step towards cleansing public life. \"The vigilance awareness week will be successful in spreading the messages of honesty and integrity and will also go a long way in inculcating the principle of zero tolerance towards corruption,\" Naveen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17056777", "title": "Rescued sailors still in shock, families wait for news of missing", "text": "CHENNAI: Jayanth Narkar, a fourth engineer on the MT Pratibha Cauvery , is yet to recover from the shock of Wednesday's events. \"The ship continued to drift and move even after running aground. We lowered the two lifeboats after putting on life jackets,\" he said on Thursday at a city hospital where he is under observation.Recalling those nightmarish moments after the captain gave orders to abandon ship, Swaroop Sathyan, who was rescued by fishermen , said, \"The boat capsized immediately after it was lowered into the sea. We were helpless against the deadly waves.\"Some sailors confirmed reports that the captain tried to operate the engine at noon on Wednesday . \"We hoped we could steer the vessel against the wind using the engine. But the remaining diesel was not enough to power the engine and that attempt failed,\" said one crew member.Another sailor, Rahul Pawar from Mumbai, was busy calling friends and relatives from hospital . The hospital corridors were crowded with the families of those who were rescued as well as those missing. The family of one of the missing sailors, Niranjan K Kothandapani , 24, was waiting outside the hospital. \"His mother is yet to be informed. She still thinks that he will be home as planned,\" said a relative. Eeppachan, father of Jomon Joseph, 24, said there were no officials on hand to give him information about his missing son. \"He joined the vessel nine months ago. I was hoping he would be among those resued on Thursday morning ,\" he said.Others blamed the ship's management . \"We were starving for the past month. No one came to our rescue. None offered any assurance ,\" said Jayanth, a native of Nalasupara in Maharashtra who joined the vessel last year. Another sailor, 22-year-old Sarath, agreed. \"It was a complete blackout on board the ship for the past month. The owner ignored our safety. The vessel was to be sent for maintenance , but the owner did not give any direction after we unloaded cargo at Chennai port on September 28,\" he said.Union shipping minister G K Vasan visited 16 sailors in hospital late on Thursday evening.The shipping company has told the government that it will decide on compensation once an inquiry is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054402", "title": "Two Central Railway officials shunted out in TVI scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Heads have started rolling in the TVI Express scam which was first reported by TOI on October 27. Central Railway divisional railway manager (DRM) cracked the whip with two movement inspectors being transferred and relieved with immediate effect on Thursday evening.Senior divisional operating manager (SrDOM) Satyendra Kumar confirmed that Komal Gajbhiye and PD Raut were the two to be shifted.Gajbhiye, who looked after transfer and postings of train guards and station masters, has been moved to Hinganghat as station master, which incidentally is a plum post. Raut has been shifted to Chichonda which falls on the Delhi route.\"The action was taken as prima facie both the officials were found to be involved in the TVI scam. The disciplinary action will follow soon,\" said Satyendra Kumar.However, there is no action against major players like Deepak Soni, SS Karnale, JL Joshi, Smriti Dayani and others. When asked, Satyendra Kumar said, \"Transfer of two officials itself is a big punishment. This is the maximum I could do,\" he said.\"Barring Karnale and Joshi, others don't work under me,\" Satyendra Kumar added. Karnale had recruited 7 employees as TVI members but returned money to only one retired pointsman Atmaram Govinda.Many employees, who were lured by Soni using his official position, say as he looks after disciplinary and appeal rules (DAR), they became TVI members through him. Soni reaped maximum benefit of the scheme. Yet, the administration is reluctant to take action against him. He accompanies top officials on inspections and is said to be close to them.TOI had reported how operating department movement inspectors were deeply involved in the TVI membership scam. TVI investors were made franchisees for its travel business by paying Rs15,500 promising to send these employees on tours and travel around the world and earn handsome commissions.The railway officials continued to make members even after the networking firm closed down. In Nagpur, around 10,000 people including over 500 railway employees became members. The entire business was supervised from the DRM office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17055662", "title": "Govt deploys officials on damage-control mission to Kerala", "text": "BANGALORE: With Kerala banning poultry from Karnataka following the outbreak of avian flu at Central Poultry Development Organization in Hesaraghatta, the government here despatched a team from the animal husbandry department to figure out ways to ensure the ban is lifted.The Karnataka government plans to revive the poultry industry in the city which has faced losses following the outbreak of avian flu. Aravind Jannu, principal secretary, animal husbandry department, told TOI on Thursday: \"We've started negotiations with our counterparts in the Kerala government to resume purchase from Karnataka and to tell them it's safe.''As Kerala is a major importer of Karnataka's poultry output, the first round of talks has started with the government of Kerala. On October 29, the Kerala government imposed a ban on movement of poultry and poultry products from across the border.Officials are convincing the Kerala government that products coming from Karnataka are safe and they should resume imports. \"Apart from the department's official communication, one of our officers is in Kerala. The minister for animal husbandry will have talks with his counterpart in Kerala,\" he said.Major poultry manufacturers in the city are meeting on Friday to review the situation. An official of a poultry manufacturer major did not reveal details of the losses but said the meeting will come up with solutions to tackle the situation. \"We hope that in the near future, the situation will change and sales will pick up soon. Most of us hope the losses incurred in this brief time will be compensated quickly,\" said a poultry manufacturer.The situation at CPDO is under control. \"We have completed the culling of infected the birds and currently sanitization is under way,\" Jannu added.As per directions from the Centre, CPDO deployed 15 rapid response teams to clean the sheds on Thursday. Since all the birds were culled, there were no birds in a 1-km radius for culling. Surveillance of an area of 10-km radius is in progress, 74 serum samples and 74 cloacal samples were collected and submitted for investigation. No unusual bird deaths have been reported in the surveillance zone or in any other part of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054753", "title": "Contractors to be fined for mishaps", "text": "MUMBAI: In the wake of a series of mishaps involving infrastructure projects in Mumbai, the state government has cracked the whip on contractors.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday issued directives asking the MMRDA to collect fines from the contractors. A communication issued by his office said that Chavan had already instructed officials to slap fines on the errant contractors.The fresh communique from the CM's office comes following reports that the fines were yet to be collected. The directive is related to all projects, including Metro, monorail and flyovers, among others, where mishaps have occurred at project sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17054467", "title": "Kudankulam another Bhopal in waiting: Chomsky", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Throwing his weight behind the anti-nuclear plant activists, renowned cognitive scientist and professor of linguistics and philosophy at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Noam Chomsky , said \"Kudankulam could be another Bhopal disaster in waiting.\"In a solidarity letter sent to the Kudankulam protesters, Chomsky said, \"Nuclear energy is a very dangerous initiative, particularly in countries like India, which has had more than its share of industrial disasters, Bhopal being the most famous. I would like to express my support for the courageous people's movement protesting the opening of the Kudankulam nuclear power plant.\"T Peter, secretary of National Fish Workers' Forum , welcomed Chomsky's letter, saying it was a major blessing to the fishing community in Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka . He said these fishing communities would the first victims, if something went wrong at the Kudankulam plant.Activist-writer Civic Chandran rapped the Left parties for not taking a stand on the Kudankulam issue. \"It is surprising that while such a great personality has expressed support to the Kudankulam struggle, the Left in India is still confused about their stand on the hazards of nuclear energy.\"Besides Chomsky, Nobel Peace Prize winner Mairead Maguire also expressed her solidarity to the struggle. \"I offer my solidarity with the brave people of Kudankulam. Courageous villagers are risking their lives to safeguard the lives of their children, the livelihood of all their fishermen and their environment,\" she said.Christian Juhl, Member of Parliament and spokesman of the Red-Green Alliance in Denmark; Siritunga Jayasuria, former presidential candidate and general secretary of United Socialist Party of Sri Lanka; Paul Murphy Member of the European Parliament for the Socialist Party of Ireland, were among those who have supported the struggle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17056329", "title": "Ranchi tobacco ban goes up in smoke", "text": "RANCHI: The toll-free number 1800110456 started by the National Tobacco Control Programme (NTCP), in 2008-09 has received only one complaint till date. Lack of awareness among people about cigarettes and tobacco products (prohibition of advertisement and regulation of trade and commerce, production, supply and distribution) COTPA 2003, its violation and penalties is one of the main reasons behind it.The complaint was received on April 2012 with regard to tobacco law violation in Jharkhand. State consultant of NTCP, Rajiv Kumar, said, \"The complainant, Shailendra, said public smoking is rampant at bus stands of ITI, Ratu Road in Ranchi.\" Kumar added that the toll free number is for violation of rules under COTPA 2003. \"People are even unaware of how dangerous tobacco consumption is for their health. It is seen that one smoker die every 6.5 seconds in the world. Passive smoking is equally risky and should be avoided at all costs,\" he said.Public place defined under COTPA includes any place to which the public has access. In addition to this, smoking is also prohibited at the open spaces that are visited by the public like an open auditorium, stadium, railway station, bus stop and other such places.Accepting that the concerned authorities were not able to create awareness about the tool-free number, Kumar said some new steps are going to be taken to create awareness among the people. \"Through the help of advertisements in print media, radio channels, hoardings, posters, wall paintings and on cigarette signages, awareness will be created about COTPA as well as the toll free number for registering. This apart, all the deputy commissioners will be provided with the guidelines to implement COTPA. Smoke free environment will reduce tobacco consumption by as much as 29%,\" said Kumar, while suggesting the need for legislation to protect people from passive smoking. He said, \" We are not entitled to recommend no smoking zones but if any organization is interested in creating it like an airport or any such place, we can provide them with the guidelines which they will have to follow.\" Kumar said: \"In Jharkhand , there are 50.1% tobacco users which is more than the national average of 35%.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059720", "title": "Divyadarshan signs his second flick", "text": "Actor Mukesh's nephew Divyadarshan, whose debut, 'Hide 'N Seek', will hit the screens this December, has already started shooting for his next, 'Teams'.The actor tells us from the shooting location in Kuttikkanam, \" Teams is about how five friends, all engineering students, get together after a couple of years. That's when they find out something shocking about one among them, which forms the suspense of the plot,\" he informs. The film also stars Sajith of Campus fame, and actresses Sonia Mann and Natasha.Interestingly, Sonia was initially a part of Divyadarshan's debut; but the actress later opted out of the film, paving way for Natasha to replace her. This is also the first time all the three actors are sharing screenspace in Mollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "synopsis ", "code": "17058617", "title": "Lucky", "text": "Synopsis : Lakshmi Narayana (Srikanth) is a misogynist. One day, his world turns upside down when he suddenly develops an uncanny ability to read women's minds.Movie Review : Simply put, the movie is a tacky Tollywood adaptation of the 2000 romantic comedy What Women Want. Well, the original flick had the good looking charm of Mel Gibson , the flair of Helen Hunt , quirky humor and an original idea going for it. In contrast, this Telugu version has Srikanth, Meghana, some humourless jokes and a message - Men only have to try to listen to women to realize that each one of them is as great as our mothers. God! Why are our filmmakers like this! Even our comedies need to have encoded messages for the well-being of mankind!Getting back to the movie, the central premise is the same. It is the story of an attractive man who detests the womankind and thinks they are just too manipulative and vain. Lakshmi Narayana is a newly wed who works in a travel agency under a man-hating boss (Roja). He goes on a honeymoon, with his parents and grand parents in tow. On day one, they visit a Durga temple, where our man is forced to do 108 angapradakshinas (a ritual in which devotees roll around the temple).So our man faints at the end of the ordeal but wakes up with this amazing ability to listen to woman's thoughts. Much to his anguish, he discovers that what women say and think are in fact as different as chalk and cheese. He discovers that he is much desired by his female colleagues and a few neighbours as well and is very distressed with that. He realizes his wife Janaki also has some issues with him.Unable to deal with his new-found gift, he goes to a psychiatrist who tells him to put his ability to understand the woman around him. Then he gets more in tune with what women want and becomes a better husband, son, brother and citizen!Well, Srikanth tries hard to get into the character but it's really a poorly conceived character that no amount of good acting can salvage. The support cast suffers from the same problem. The screen-play just doesn't have that zing you see. And the narrative meanders too much and ends being neither funny nor touchy.Tip-Off : It's a comedy that gets a little too preachy, so you might just get disappointed if you go there looking to have a good time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "17059723", "title": "Facebook forcing brands, users to pay for promoting posts", "text": "SYDNEY: Facebook is now being accused of an underhanded bait and switch, as the social networking giant is forcing both brands and users to pay for 'promoted posts' to make them reach all of their friends.Evidence suggested that EdgeRank, the algorithm that determines which posts appear in your News Feed, has been tweaked so that posts are visible for under 15 per cent of your connections unless you pay.According to the Sydney Morning Herald , for individuals the cost to promote a status update is 7.20 dollars.For brands the cost depends on how many fans or \"likers\" they have, but is around 20 dollars per post to reach 3000 fans and 200 dollars to reach 50,000 fans.Mashable journalist Matt Silverman wrote in a recent column that Facebook's EdgeRank was creating artificial scarcity by 'rigging the game and then asking users to pay to level the playing field'.The New York Observer wrote that 'Facebook is broke, on purpose, in order to extract more money from users'.According to the report, the move comes as Facebook faces significant pressure to turn its huge user numbers into revenue and the company is now worth a bit over half as much as it was when the company went public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17056093", "title": "Make filing of jail appeals easier, simple: HC to govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: Expressing deep concern on presentation of a criminal appeal in the court from jail by a female convict after 11 years of the verdict due to unawareness and apathy of the family members towards her, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has asked the state government to ensure that every convict is told that s/he has the right to appeal from jail through the jail authorities and that the process of filing such appeal be made easy and simple.A division bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice Devendra Kumar Upadhyay passed the order on criminal appeal filed by the convict Urmila, who is detained in Lucknow's Model Jail. A Sultanpur court had awarded her life sentence on June 8, 2001 in a murder case. She was shifted from Sultanpur to Lucknow Jail. From model jail, she forwarded her jail appeal through the government advocate after 11 years of her conviction. When the appeal came before the bench, it was deeply concerned that the lady was let alone by her family members and even she was made aware that she could challenge her conviction in the high court.The court admitted the appeal and further proceeded to make the system for filing jail appeal easier.In compliance with court's earlier order, principal secretary (home) RN Srivastava and inspector general of prisons Rajesh Pratap Singh and a DIG ranked officer (prison) appeared before the bench and assured it to find a recourse to appreciate methods for getting the jail appeals preferred by convicts effectively within time.At this stage, the court appreciated government advocate Rishad Murtaza's suggestion that after conviction, the trial court must send a copy of the judgement to the jail authorities at the time of lodging the convict into the jail. The jail authorities must make entry in the register, whether the convict wanted to prefer appeal through his family and relatives or he would seek assistance of jail officials. In case the convict prefers family members and relatives, the jail authorities must pursue the private appeal and make entry of the particulars of the appeal promptly. For this, all the jails of the state must be computerised, for which the state government is taking steps and six jails have already been computerised, Rishad added.The court therefore asked the state government to apprise it on November 30 as to what efforts are being made and what is the progress achieved in computerising jails in entire state. On Murtaza's suggestion, the court also sought assistance of the legal service authority on the next date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056319", "title": "Avoid street food: Doctors", "text": "LUDHIANA: Queues of patients suffering from cough, cold and fever have gone longer at various city hospitals due to the prolonged dry and cold weather conditions.\"Fever, cough and running nose are common symptoms and some patients do complaint of a soar throat and bodyache,\" says chest specialist Dr Gurpreet Singh from SPS Apollo Hospital.It is the children and the elderly who are more prone to the seasonal disease with almost equal number of complaints among men and women, adds Gurpreet.He says to keep one self comfortably warm and avoiding exposure to extreme cold or heat can prevent people from contracting the virus. The number of patients visiting him in a day has risen by 4-5 times, he adds.Assistant professor, department of medicine at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital, Dr Amit Berry says even spicy street food and chilled water can prove to be virus inflicting and should be avoided. In such cases, we suggest symptomatic treatment to patients and advice them to take rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17056668", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcThampi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s was an image of honesty and courage", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: At the age of 93 she really struggles to remember her eventful past chronologically. P L Thankamma, wife of late R Sankara Narayanan Thampi, the first speaker of the Kerala Assembly and an iconoclast who played crucial role in the formation of Kerala, reminisces about her life with her husband on his 23rd death anniversary.\"I really don't know where to begin and what to narrate. Memories of 'Thampi Adheham' are flooding my mind,\" she said.\"His was an image of honesty, courage and dedication. Our first meeting was on our wedding day. It was just the previous day my elder sister told me that I'm going to get married the next day. \" she smiled.Thampi, who was part of India's freedom struggle at a young age, married Thankkamma when she was 20-years-old. Adjusting to a new way of life, giving up the little pleasures that every married woman desires and letting go of all the dreams that any girl has about married life, Thankkamma supported her husband's endeavors in the public arena.\"I knew he was imprisoned before our marriage. I also knew he was doing something good and I told myself that it was my duty to support him. He used to travel across Kerala with N Sreekandan Nair, Achutha Menon, K R Gowriamma and M N Govindan Nair sharing the thoughts of freedom,\" she added.Being a socialist, Thampi began his political life as a member of All Travancore Youth League and he adopted Communist ideologies due to his love for the working class. \"He was arrested and detained several times. I still remember the day he was imprisoned for allegedly making provocative speeches at Punnapra against Sir C P Ramaswamy Iyer, which resulted in a mass rebellion. This happened just seven days before I gave birth to our youngest child,\" she said.The father could see his daughter for the first time only two months later at Poojapura central jail.\"I controlled my emotions when a policeman informed me that my husband was arrested. My immediate thoughts were as to what to do next. I sought permission to see him at the prison so that he could see our child. It was an overwhelming moment,\" she said.Thampi was selected as the first speaker of Kerala Legislative assembly in 1957. \"Rose House overflowed with people during his tenure as speaker. The innumerable friends he made during freedom struggle used to be regular visitors . There were occasions when we even had to make space on the verandas to accommodate them,\" recalled Thankamma, who can now recall the past only in bits and pieces.But the vagaries of time are yet to win over her love for 'Thampi Adheham'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059632", "title": "Clubs turn into Halloween mode", "text": "While many clubbing haunts in the city were in the Halloween mode on Wednesday, some places had a different vibe to them as they offered something different. A night-out with percussionist Veshesh here turned out to be a feast for party lovers, particularly the ones who are fond of instant amalgamation of tunes and jamming. Hordes of people were spotted shaking a leg as they enjoyed the jugalbandi of sorts between the DJ and percussionist. Surrounded by a medley of musical instruments, Veshesh deftly played them all in sync. While thumps and strums created a soothing atmosphere inside, the dancing set could not stop jamming on the peppy tracks. The party continued till late and soon Halloween fever transcended at this lounge as well as a lot of people came in with their masks to play 'trick or treat'. GM of the place Dasu Babu said, \"We did not want to do Halloween night as we had a different theme in mind for the night.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai super kings", "code": "17057218", "title": "Players released by the IPL teams &amp; money left in the purse", "text": "Chennai Super Kings:Doug Bollinger, S Randiv, S Styris, George Bailey, Sudeep Tyagi, Yo Mahesh , Abhinav Mukund, SG VigneshMoney left: Rs 31.74565 lakhMumbai Indians:Richard Levi, Davy Jacobs , Clint McKay , Thisara Perera , Sujit Nayak, Jaydev ShahMoney left: Rs 18.08 lakhKKR:Chirag Jani, Sanju Samson, Iresh Saxena, Jaydev UnadkatMoney left: Rs 21.336 lakhRajasthan Royals:Johan Botha , Deepak Chahar, Dinesh Chandimal, Aakash Chopra, Paul Collingwood , Aditya Dole , Samad Fallah , Faiz Fazal, Sumit Narwal, Pankaj Singh , Amit Paunikar, Abhishek Raut, Owais Shah , Pinal Shah, Amit Singh , D Yagnik.Money left: Rs 84.23261 lakhRoyal Challengers Bangalore:Raju Bhatkal, CM Gautam, Mohammad Kaif , Abrar Kazi, Charl Langeveldt, Dirk Nannes , Ryan Ninan , Prashanth Parameswaran, Asad Pathan, Luke Pomersbach , Rilee Rossouw , S Thiyagarajan.Money left: Rs 27.87391 lakhKings XI Punjab:Kyle Abbott , Love Ablish , Amit Yadav , Ben Cutting, Paras Dogra, James Faulkner , Ryan Harris , Vikramjeet Malik , Abhishek Nayar, Ramesh Powar, Nathan Rimmington , Nitin Saini, Stuart Broad .Money left: Rs 72.19565 lakhDelhi Daredevils:Puneet Bisht, Robin Bist , Gulam Bodi, Doug Bracewell , Aaron Finch , Sunny Gupta, Glenn Maxwell , Prashant Naik, Kuldeep Raval, Aavishkar Salvi, Venugopal Rao, Vikas Mishra, Tejashwi Yadav , Zafir Patel.Money left: Rs 16.75109 lakhPune Warriors:Michael Clarke , Callum Ferguson , Kamran Khan , Nathan McCullum , Jesse Ryder, Graeme Smith , Steven Smith , Tamim Iqbal , Jamesh Hopes, Mohnish Mishra, Harshad Khadiwale , Sachin RanaMoney left: Rs 3,962,826 lakhHyderabad:Darren Bravo , Daniel Christian , Daniel Harris , T Atchuta Rao, Kedar Devdhar, Manpreet Gony , Ishank Jaggi, Tanmay Mishra, Syed Quadri, Sneha Kishore, Sunny Sohal, Tanmay Srivastava, Arjun YadavMoney left: Rs 70.03696 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17056005", "title": "Ministry plans sops for road developers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways ministry will soon seek Cabinet nod to allow private road builders to \"exit\" from projects soon after construction is over. The move comes after the proposal mooted by NHAI remained unresolved even after several rounds of discussion in an inter-ministerial group on highways.National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has formulated the plan to speed up the exit of contractors, who take up projects under the build-operate-transfer (BOT) route, claiming that this would unleash substantial capital kept in finished projects as companies' equity. It has also claimed that this flow of capital would help cash-strapped developers take up new highway stretches.New rules introduced in 2009 allow developers to exit two years after a project is completed. Now, NHAI wants developers to be allowed to sell their stake as soon as tolling on the stretch starts. Developers of around 100 projects, which run into thousands of crores, do not have this option for projects bagged before 2009. In case of projects awarded before 2009, developers had to keep at least 26% stake in projects till the contract ended.If they are allowed to exit from the projects, firms of similar net worth specializing in operation and maintenance would take over for the rest of the contract period.While NHAI and the highways ministry have been pushing for retrospective effect of the proposed move, expenditure department and Planning Commission have reportedly objected to this. Sources said the two feel that retrospective effect would bring \"undue benefit\" to private companies.\"The financial situation is very bad now. You have no other option than take steps to increase capital flow in this sector so that private players have requisite equity to bid for projects. Since banks are also demanding higher percentage of equity in any highway project, we are pushing for some relaxation. We will put the case of retrospective effect of the proposal before the Cabinet,\" a ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055668", "title": "Conference on inter-religious peace on Nov 5", "text": "PANAJI: The Universal Peace Federation-India will hold the 'first national conference on inter-religious peace and harmony' on November 5, at the International Centre Goa (ICG), Dona Paula.Governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo will inaugurate the conference. The conference will be addressed by eminent religious leaders of the Christian, Hindu, Muslim and Sikh faiths. Among them will be Irfan A Engineer - chairman, Centre for study of society and secularism, Mumbai; Acharya Srivatsa Goswami of the Sri Radharamana Mandir, Vrindavan; Imam Umer Ahmed Ilyasi - chief imam, all India imam organisation of mosques; Robert Kittel - director of peace education UPF-Asia; Shivamurthi Shivacharya Mahaswamiji - seer of Taralabalu Jagadguru Brihannath, Sirigere; Fr Sebastian Painadath, SJ - founder director of Sameeksha, centre for Indian spirituality; and Singh Sahib Manjit Singh - chairman, Sikh institute of spiritual studies and former jathedar of the Akal Takht Sahib. The Universal Peace Federation is a global network of individuals and organizations dedicated to building a world of peace centered on universal spiritual and moral values, and has a special consultative status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC), states a press note issued by its chairman Eduardo Faleiro. Invitation cards for the conference are available at the ICG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17056964", "title": "Love and patience required in child-rearing", "text": "The spare-the-rod argument on child-rearing has vexed both psychologists and parents for ages. A survey now shows the mother, particularly the homemaker, as a tough disciplinarian. It could be that the homemaker is stressed out by the burden of parenting and the child's academic progress, and seeks control. But as experts point out, it is dollops of love and understanding and some sharp reprimanding that work best. A child who is treated as an individual grows up into a healthy and happy adult.Related story:  Stressed homemakers spank kids most", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054728", "title": "Tension at Charminar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed near Charminar when a group led by two MIM MLAs gathered at Bhagyalakshmi temple to prevent its committee members from what they presumed to be an attempt to expand the place of worship in the early hours of Thursday. Some MIM activists claimed the organisers had damaged a 'jali' window of Charminar.Bhagyalakskhmi temple committee puts up a make-shift shelter over the place of worship before Dasara and Diwali festivals. The shelter, which is built with 'balis' (wooden pillars) and has a tarpaulin roof, would be decorated with lights and flowers for the two important festivals.The organisers dismantle the structure after Dasara and rebuild a new one for Diwali. This year, the organisers took a few more days than usual to remove the structure and trouble started on Wednesday night when they were removing it.Late in the night, the temple committee members started removing the tarpaulin cover. Assuming that they were planning to build a semi-permanent structure with tin sheets, a group of 500 people led by MIM MLAs Pasha Quadri (Charminar) and Ahmed Balala (Malakpet) reached the spot at 3 am.Senior police officials rushed to the spot and convinced the MLAs that the temple organisers were not planning to build any permanent structure. With the assurance, the MLAs left the spot after an hour. As the workers were proceeding with the work, some people who stayed back objected as they thought that the new structure would not just encroach upon the road further, but would also be much taller than the current one.With both groups threatening each other, the situation turned tense again and Charminar MLA Pasha Quadri returned to the spot at 5 am. This time, the MLA threatened to sit on a dharna if 'construction' work was not stopped. The MIM workers alleged that the temple committee was violating the Supreme Court order by encroaching on to the busy road. Police again intervened and, after discussing the issue with both the groups, ordered 'status quo' till an amicable solution is found.Both the groups agreed for this and the MIM protesters left the spot. Later at about 8.30 am, BJP leaders G Kishan Reddy and Baddam Bal Reddy reached the spot. They spoke to the temple committee members and left the place after assuring them that Diwali festival would be celebrated like every year, with a fully-decorated pandal.Meanwhile, the Charminar police arrested 18 BJP workers who tried to stage a protest at the temple. They were later released on personal bond. Due to the tense atmosphere since the early hours, shops and business establishments near Charminar remained shut till late in the afternoon. A police picket has been posted there to prevent any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17054375", "title": "National Ganga River Basin Authority meet discusses Ganga pollution, flow", "text": "VARANASI: Pollution and ecological flow of Ganga were issues that took the centre stage at the third meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) chaired by the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on April 17, 2012.According to the report of the ministry of environment and forests, the PM in his remarks said that increasing urbanisation, industrialisation and population are not only polluting the Ganga waters, but also threatening its ecological and hydrological viability.In order to formulate long-term policies and actions, the MoEF commissioned a consortium of seven IITs to prepare a comprehensive River Basin Management Plan for the Ganga.This Plan would recommend comprehensive measures to restore and maintain the ecological health of the river giving due regard to the competing water uses. This Plan will be the basis for the NGRBAs long term Action Plan to deal with the multiple challenges faced in the task of cleaning the Ganga and maintaining its flow. The consortium has already submitted five initial reports.In the meeting, the PM pointed out that every day, about 2,900 million litres of sewage is discharged into the mainstream of River Ganga from municipal towns located along its banks. The existing infrastructure has a capacity to treat only 1,100 million litres per day, leaving a huge deficit. Though the industrial pollution constitutes only 20% of the total volume of effluents, industrial effluents are a cause for major concern because they are toxic and non-biodegradable.Another area that warrants immediate action and attention is the need to maintain the ecological flow of the Ganga, starting with the upper reaches of the river. State governments and urban local bodies should promote water conservation and recycling of treated waste water, he said, adding that there is a need to promote efficient irrigation practices as a large amount of water from the Ganga is drawn through the canal systems in the upper reaches for agricultural use.There is also the complex problem of tackling water use by hydel projects in the upper reaches.The Government of India had commissioned a study conducted by IIT Roorkee on the assessment of cumulative impact of hydropower projects in Alaknanda and Bhagirathi Basins up to Devprayag.Separately, the Wildlife Institute of India had also made an assessment of cumulative impact of hydroelectric projects on aquatic and terrestrial biodiversity in the Alaknanda and Bhagirathi basins in Uttarakhand.These studies had worked out certain desirable ecological flows. The issue of environmental flow requirement as studied and recommended by the IIT Roorkee Committee as well as the minimum flow required to sustain riverine ecology recommended by the Wildlife Institute of India, should be examined by a multi-disciplinary group, including the concerned state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17056450", "title": "Isro's centre in Ahmedabad helped track Hurricane Sandy", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian Space Research Organization (Isro)'s Oscat radio scatterometer on board its 960kg Oceansat-2 remote sensing satellite had tracked ocean surface winds of Hurricane Sandy that wrought havoc in eastern US on Monday, a Nasa Jet Propulsion Laboratory announcement has said.Nasa had sought Isro's help as its QuikSat satellite stopped operating in November 2009. QuikSat resembles the Oscat radio scatterometer.Officials said Isro's Ahmedabad-based Space Applications Centre has designed and developed the scatterometer, an active microwave device, which among other things is equipped with one-meter parabolic dish antenna. It has been designed to provide global ocean coverage.Isro chief spokesperson Dev Prasad Karnik said Isro, Nasa and US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (USNOAA) have an agreement regarding sharing Oceansat-2's data.\"The sharing of data of Hurricane Sandy only reflects the growing collaboration between Isro, Nasa and USNOAA,\" he told TOI.The scatterometer's image of Hurricane Sandy obtained at 9.30 am (IST) on Monday was transmitted to Nasa and USNOAA and shows it heading towards the eastern US coast.The satellite was launched from four-stage Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle on September 23, 2009 and operates at an altitude of 720km in the sun-synchronous orbit. Oceansat-2 is the Isro's sixth remote sensing satellite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055838", "title": "Crackdown on overpricing of set-top boxes", "text": "KOLKATA: Television sets in homes without set-top boxes did not blank out completely on Thursday. But several broadcasters switched off transmission of popular channels to multi-service operators in Kolkata from Wednesday midnight, leaving viewers fretting all morning and afternoon. By evening though, nearly all channels were back on air.At the state secretariat, minister Firhad Hakim held a meeting with MSOs to assess the situation and asked them to submit their digitization roll-out blueprint on Friday. Two other crucial decisions were taken: set-top box for the economically weak living in slums at instalments and fixing the set top box at Rs 799 and Rs 999. \"If any operator charges more, the subscriber can go to the nearest police station and lodge a complaint. Instructions have been sent to all police stations,\" said Hakim.On the ground, the situation was tense in the morning but eased later as some broadcasters decided to look the other way as MSOs continued to provide analog feed on the sly. But some broadcasters switched off the integrated decoders, thereby blanking out the channels.Broadcasters like Media Pro Enterprise (Zee, Star, Fox, ABP, NatGeo bouquets), MSN Discovery India (Sony, Discovery, Animal Planet, AXN, Sab TV, Neo bouquets), Sun Distribution Pvt Ltd (Disney Channel, Colours), Ushodaya Enterprises (ETV bouquet), BBC World, Media Network &amp; Distribution (Times Now, ET Now, Zoom) and Taj Television (Ten Sports bouquet) shut down select channels on the network after midnight but switched them on later in the day.More than a dozen channels - including Times Now, ET Now, Zoom, Sony Entertainment Television, SAB TV, Colours, Star Jalsha, ABP Ananda, NDTV, BBC World, Zee News, AXN and Cartoon Network - were off the air till evening.\"We have been receiving incessant phone calls from subscribers, complaining that they are unable to watch some popular channels. But we can do little unless the MSO provides us the feed,\" said cable operator Somnath Gupta.By evening though, broadcasters and MSOs fell in line with the Mamata Banerjee government's diktat and ensured that the entire bouquet of free-to-air and pay channels was available at homes.\"The I&B; ministry had instructed that all analog pay channel signals be switched off on Wednesday midnight. But we could not do so as the state government had instructed us to ensure that TVs do not go blank. Thankfully, the Centre took a lenient view and the day passed without trouble. We are in favour of digitization and will go ahead with seeding of set-top boxes and use this opportunity as a transition period,\" an MSO official said.He is confident the industry will be able to overcome the set-top crunch, a major hurdle in the digitization process, within a fortnight. While SitiCable, DEN and KCBP have a stock of 6-7 lakh boxes, DigiCable, Manthan and the other MSOs claim they have nearly 15 lakh boxes lined up for delivery.Though SitiCable, DigiCable and DEN officials claimed a structured digital system with 80% set top box penetration should be in place by January 1, 2013, others felt it was ambitious a target as there is a lot of work still left.\"Installing 15-16 lakh boxes is a huge task. Each subscriber has to be registered so that a data management system is in place. Subscribers then need to be made aware of the packages and a la carte offers and price points.The selection has to be then punched into the system so that a proper bill is generated at the end of the month,\" cable operator Swapan Chowdhury pointed out.Also, most operators are yet to enter into a commercial understanding with MSOs as they feel the revenue sharing model is loaded against them. \"We have developed the cable TV business over the past two decades, providing a platform when there was none. Now, broadcasters and MSOs are trying to wipe us out,\" alleged Chowdhuryrevealing the lack of trust that plagues the industry.Subscribers, too, have not been told that their monthly bill will go up by 25-30%. According to MSOs, apart from the FTA pack at Rs 100, there are plans for two pay channel packages, one for Rs 150 that offers 18 entertainment and news channels in addition to the FTA pack and another for Rs 250 that offers a more wholesome bouquet minus sports channels.\"If someone wants a choice of as many channels as he/she currently has, it will cost around Rs 350-400,\" an MSO official said. At present, the average price of cable in the city is Rs 170-200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17054094", "title": "Govt largesse to IPS officers under cloud", "text": "Trichy: The Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporations Employees Federation has taken strong exception to the \"wasteful expenditure\" incurred by the Trichy division of the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation Kumbakonam Ltd, in the appointment of IPS vigilance officers at exorbitant salaries.In a reply to an RTI application filed by the state deputy general secretary of AITUC, N Mani, the corporation has revealed that it has paid Rs 66,32,343 to four officers who had \"worked\" for a total period of 96 months. During the last regime, the corporation in its wisdom appointed IPS officers in the rank of ADGP as chief vigilance officers, and those in the rank of SP were posted as vigilance officers. At present, Trichy division of the corporation that controls around 3,000-odd employees is given two officers - A Pari, IPS, as DIG/chief vigilance officer on a salary of Rs 91,532 pm and B Muthaiah, superintendent of police/vigilance officer on a salary of Rs 55,357, said the RTI reply. In addition to the salary, the officers are also paid Rs 52,926 for \"light vehicles and telephones.\"Mani was furious because the RTI reply also clarified that the salaries and perks had been paid from the corporation's fund, and not by the government. \"If the state government feels strongly about the need for the posts, then it must pay from its pocket,\" he said. \"When the corporation punishes drivers for wasting two litres of diesel over a distance of 300 km, such wasteful expenditure is outright hypocrisy,\" Mani told TOI.The general manager of the corporation's Trichy division, N Pasupathy, told TOI that no driver had ever been punished for wasting diesel. The corporation expects its drivers to cover at least 5.5 km per litre of diesel, and while there are also drivers who cover a distance of even 6 km per litre, the corporation's average is 5.58 km per litre. \"In fact, we have identified 10% of drivers who cover a distance of less than 4.8 km per litre, and they are periodically given counselling about 'economic speed', Pasupathy said. However, these drivers, who are getting attendance without work, loathe such training programs and complain about them, he said. \"No driver is punished for using diesel imprudently,\" he said. Asked about the \"wasteful expenditure\" on the vigilance officers, he said, \"It is a policy matter, and I should not comment on that. All I can say is that prior to these appointments, the general manager himself doubled up as vigilance officer.\"Curiously, when Trichy division is posted with two vigilance officers, the three divisions of the Kumbakonam corporation, namely Karaikudi, Pudukkottai and Kumbakonam do not boast of any single vigilance officer. While Pasupathy did not know why the other three divisions did not get vigilance officers, Mani questioned the rationale behind it and asked, \"If vigilance officers are inevitable, then going by the same logic why should the other three divisions be denied the right to the posts?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055684", "title": "Doctor dead, mother left alone for 3 days", "text": "KOLKATA: A retired doctor who had gone missing from his north Kolkata home after locking up his nonagenarian mother was found dead in Baranagar. Though the victim's body was recovered late on October 29, he was identified only on Thursday by his domestic help and relatives, said police.Prima facie it seems the doctor had gone to fetch water from the Ganga and got drowned in the process.According to police, Bireswar Pal, an urologist who retired from the Calcutta Medical College and Hospital, lived at College Row with his mother Binapani and middle-aged domestic help Prafulla Bera, who left for his home on Monday.\"After Bera went on leave, my son fed me food and health drinks and left home. Before leaving, he told me that he would return within a few hours,\" said Binapani. But the doctor did not return.On Wednesday morning, when Bera returned and found the door locked from outside, he waited outside for a while. He thought Pal had gone for some work. Meanwhile, neighbours informed Bera that they had not noticed Pal for the last couple of days. They then broke open the door and found the elderly woman lying unconscious on the floor.\"Probably, she got off the bed for food or to call someone. We used to lock her (Binapani) at home whenever we went outside. Babu (Pal) must have done the same thing on Monday,\" Bera said.After her rescue, Binapani underwent treatment and her condition was stable on Thursday. Bera lodged a missing complaint with Amherst Street police on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "villupuram", "code": "17054341", "title": "After confusion over arrest warrant, Ponmudi walks free", "text": "VILLUPURAM: Former DMK minister K Ponmudi was produced before a Villupuram court on Thursday morning on the basis of what police claimed a prisoner's transit warrant in a disproportionate wealth case pending against him.However, he walked free after the vigilance and anti-corruption wing informed the court that there was no such warrant. Ponmudi and three others were granted conditional bail in the red sand mining case on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "17054712", "title": "Woman doctor caught carrying out illegal abortion", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: A joint team of police and health department carried out a \"sting operation\" on Wednesday to nab a woman doctor for allegedly conducting an illegal abortion. The health officials informed mediapersons and permitted them to capture the sting operation with their cameras.Jagadhari SHO (city) Rajiv Miglani said the accused Dr Usha Rani owns Janki hospital in Jagadhari and has been booked under Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) Act. Miglani said: \"Two women were sent to the hospital as decoy customers and a monetary deal was made with the doctor. The woman was taken into the labour room and when the doctor approached her with medical equipment for abortion, she was caught red-handed.\"\"Dr Usha Rani holds a BAMS degree and is not qualified to carry out abortions. Also, a permission is mandatory from the health department,\" said Dr Vijay Dahiya, nodal officer, PNDT Yamunanagar, who headed the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17056420", "title": "Culprit deserves no mercy, says court", "text": "COIMBATORE: While awarding double death sentence along with triple life and three years rigorous imprisonment to R Manoharan in the siblings' murder case, sessions judge M P Subramanian observed that the case was one of the rarest of the rare that called for capital punishment to the convict. According to him, the accused deserved no mercy as evidences submitted before him proved beyond doubt that Manoharan had directly involved in murder, conspiracy, rape, abduction and kidnapping for ransom apart from concealment of evidence.Citing testimonials of witnesses and documentary evidences, the court had found that both Manoharan and the prime-accused Mohanakrishnan were childhood friends. Five days prior to the rape and murder, both had hatched a criminal conspiracy to kidnap children for ransom. After abducting the children from Range Gowder Street in the city in a Maruthi omni van, Mohanakrishnan took them to Angalakurichi near Pollachi where he met Manoharan. Manoharan also boarded the van and the duo took the children to Gopalasamy temple hills with the objective of keeping them hostage there until their demand for a ransom of Rs 2 lakh was met. That time they had no intention to murder the children. But the plan was dropped as the children refused to climb the hill when asked to do so, the court found.Then the duo took the children back to Angalakurichi in the same van and raped the girl inside the van after parking it near a mango grove near Manja Naickanoor. The fear that the children could reveal the rape to family members when they are free prompted the duo to murder them. On reaching Angalakurichi, Manoharan bought cow dung powder and milk and the two men mixed the chemical with milk in plastic glasses and forced the children to drink the stuff near Logu Gounder Thottam at Mithiparai. But they spit out the drink because of the bitter taste. Finally, the two men took the children to the eastern bank of PAP project canal at Sarkar Pudur. While Mohanakrishnan pushed Muskan into the water, Manoharan threw Hrithik into the canal. So Manoharan was also complicit in the murder, the court found.The court also recalled that Manoharan had given a written submission on his role in kidnap, rape and murder. On the charge of criminal conspiracy (section 120 B of IPC), the court sentenced him for life and fined him Rs 1,000. He was also found guilty of abduction for ransom (364 A of IPC) and was awarded life and fined Rs 1,000. As per section 376 (2) (f and g) of IPC, he was found guilty of gang rape of a girl below 12 years age and the court awarded him life term and a fine of Rs 1,000. Under section 201 of IPC, he was found guilty of concealing evidence and the court awarded him three years rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 1,000. In each of these charges, the court said any default in payment of money would attract three months rigorous imprisonment.The court had awarded double death sentence to Manoharan under IPC section 302 (two counts), which should be read with section 34 (Murder with common intention). Though there were no direct witnesses to the whole episode, the court had found testimonies of 47 witnesses reliable apart from 38 material objects and 69 supporting documents.Justifying the decision to confer capital punishment on the convict, the court said there was an imperative need to instill fear in the minds of people with such criminal bent of mind that the long arm of law shall not spare them. The judge said the highest punishment of death was essential to instill confidence and a sense of safety among members of the society. He also added that the defense had cited that the age of the accused, his family background and aged parents as mitigating circumstances for reducing the quantum of punishment. Though the court was agreeable to the circumstances cited by the defense, the judge said considering the nature and gravity of the offence committed, it would not be fair on the part of the court to show any mercy. \"The court wishes to ensure that no one should even daydream of committing such a heinous crime,\" the judge further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17056418", "title": "Prime accused dead, charges against him abated", "text": "COIMBATORE: Sessions judge M P Subramanian abated charges against Mohanakrishnan, the prime accused in the abduction, sexual assault and murder of the siblings, as he was already dead. Mohanakrishnan, 27, was shot dead in an encounter on Podanur-Vellalore road early morning on November 9, 2010. The encounter happened 11 days after the murder of the two children.Son of a car driver, Mohanakrishnan was also working as a car driver and used to carry the siblings to the school till three months before the incident. He confessed to police officers that he had planned the abduction to clear debts worth Rs 2 lakh. He also sought the help of Manoharan to carry out the abduction. He targeted the siblings as most other children familiar to him were accompanied by their parents before entering school vans. The siblings had to walk 200 metres from their home to board the van and no family member had accompanied them.Mohanakrishnan was living with wife, a staff nurse at a local hospital, in a rented house at Periyanaickenpalayam. She was pregnant when he was arrested and she left Coimbatore after his death. Mohanakrishnan's relatives believe that his wife may be living in her native Pudukotai with her child.Police arrested Mohanakrishnan and Manoharan on November 8, 2010, for questioning. On November 9 morning, the police took them out to make them identify the places where the accused had sexual assaulted one of the children before murdering and drowning the siblings. They were escorted by inspectors Kanagasabapathy and Annadurai besides sub-inspectors Muthumalai and Jothi. When the vehicle was near Vellalore dump yard on the Podanur-Vellalore road, the accused Mohanakrishnan snatched the pistol of one of the sub-inspectors and tried to force head constable-cum-driver Annadurai stop the vehicle at gun point.When the driver refused, he indiscriminately opened fire injuring sub-inspector Jothi in his right arm and sub-inspector Muthumalai in his stomach, according to police. Immediately, inspector Annadurai is said to have opened fire in self-defence. Two bullets hit the head of the accused whereas one pierced his chest, killing the accused on the spot, according to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17053834", "title": "1,750 litre impure ghee seized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ahead of the festive season, Kalol police raided Manoj Foods, manufacturing adulterated ghee in Chhatral GIDC. Police held the owner Manoj Hariram, along with Shyamlal Thakurmal, Dhanji Damor and Kanu Thakor. In all, 115 tins of ghee were seized. tnn\"We got to know that the proprietor used to purchase vegetable ghee and palm oil and then mix it with colour and essence. The ghee was then packed in tins of 15 kilograms each and was sold as pure ghee in markets in central Gujarat and Rajasthan. We have seized 1,750 liters of ghee from the spot,\" said Bhatt.Police are now looking for the receivers of the adulterated stuff.The raid was part of a operations by the state police on the adulterated food items ahead of festivities as goods such as spices, sugar, oil and ghee will be purchased in a large quantity. Earlier, Ahmedabad police had seized more than 5,000 liters of adulterated ghee and spices.Fifteen persons have been arrested in the recent raids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17056364", "title": "Legal action likely against information chief", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government is likely to initiate legal proceedings against information commissioner K Natarajan, against whom the vigilance has submitted a report to home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan . It is expected to report to the Governor on the matter soon. The vigilance report says there is evidence to prove that Natarajan had tried to influence the investigating officer in the land allotment case against opposition leader V S Achuthanandan.\"A final decision has not been taken yet but the report will be handed over to the chief minister with necessary recommendation from the home department. We are planning to move legally in the case, and the file will be sent to the Governor,'' the home minister said.The vigilance director had asked ADGP R Sreelekha to conduct an inquiry into the allegation that Natarajan had tried to influence the investigating officer in the case. The ADGP had submitted the report to the vigilance director on Wednesday. The report says there is enough evidence to prove that Natarajan has purposefully taken the initiative to scuttle the probe. It also recommends legal proceedings against him for trying to influence a police officer.Natarajan had allegedly contacted V G Kunjan, DySP, vigilance, over phone, urging him to avoid the name of Achuthanandan in the case. The report says he had also called Kunjan at least 20 times. However, it says there is no evidence to prove that there was any attempt from the office of Achuthanandan to contact him. The government has decided to report the matter to the Governor as information commissioner is a constitutional position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17055710", "title": "Man held for theft", "text": "VASCO One Ravi Kumar,32, from Bihar was arrested by Vasco police for allegedly breaking into three flats in the housing society at Baina. Altaf Shaikh, residing on the ground floor of Baina housing board colony, heard some noises on the first floor and contacted his neighbour Sandeep Pandit, on the second floor. While Pandit was coming down he noticed that a lock of one door on the second floor was broken. He latched the door from outside and contacted police, who entered one of the flats and arrested Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054653", "title": "Bombay high court notice to MCI, state over plea against NEET", "text": "NAGPUR: Two students have moved the high court seeking cancellation of Maharashtra government's notifications for joining National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET 2013), the national medical entrance test replacing the state-level examinations. A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Gavai and Sunil Deshmukh issued notices to the respondents including Medical Council of India (MCI), State Directorate of medical Education and Research (DMER) and state secretary for Department of Medical Education and Drugs.They were asked to file a reply before December 13, which was fixed as next date of hearing. \"Prima facie we find the policy of holding NEET can't be faulted. However prior to doing that we are of the view that it will be necessary that the syllabus for entire country is common and the students should be put on same level before they appeared in the test,\" the judges observed. Neeta Jog was counsel for the petitioners.Petitioners Ayesha Khan and Bhavik Unadkat are Std XI and XII students and aspiring for medial admissions. According to them, on February 15, MCI issued a gazette notification making it mandatory to obtain minimum 50% marks in the NEET to be held on May 12 next year in English and Hindi languages. On September 17, the Maharashtra government decided that admissions to all medical and dental colleges will be done as per the merit list of NEET. The notification also stated that MHT-CET being conducted for last 13 years, will not be held from the academic year 2013-14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053650", "title": "Foreign players bear the brunt of cost-cutting", "text": "MUMBAI: Overseas players have been left to bear the brunt of cost-cutting as the nine Indian Premier League (IPL) franchises confirmed their respective list of players to be retained for the 2013 season, on Thursday.Some of the marquee overseas players released by their franchises include South African Richard Levi ( Mumbai Indians ), Steven Smith , Nathan McCullum and Michael Clarke (Pune Warriors), Johan Botha (Rajasthan) and Charl Langeveldt and Dirk Nannes (Bangalore).The released players (see list) will now go back to the auction pool. The general idea in which most team owners believe is that these players will be available at the fresh auction at a much lesser price than what they were being paid until the 2012 season. The nine franchises confirmed their initial squads to the BCCI on Wednesday, ahead of their 4.30 pm deadline.Under the terms of their IPL contract, the franchises had the option to extend agreements with their players for the coming season on the same financial terms. A total of 179 players have had their contracts extended with their respective franchises.Sun retains 20 playersMeanwhile, the new owners of the Hyderabad franchise, recently bought by Sun TV Network , retained over 20 players who had been representing the Deccan Chargers.Each franchise has a salary cap of up to $12.5m to spend on their 2013 squad of up to 33 players, of whom a maximum of 11 can be from overseas. Only four overseas players can figure in the starting XI for any match. The trading window will open on November 19.The same day onwards, franchises will also be able to sign new uncapped Indian players, including the 52 players whose contracts were not extended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056164", "title": "This Bengali \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbahu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 keeps the fast with full fervour", "text": "LUDHIANA: Three years ago Swastika Dutta Sobti, a Bengali, got married to her Mr Perfect, Maninderbir Singh, 31, a Sikh after an eight-year long relationship. And since the past three years, she has been observing a fast on Karva Chauth, while following all the rituals, though it was something that was new to her.\"I have been keeping the fast right from the first year of my marriage. My mother-in-law and I keep the 'vrat' together, which is a part of the family tradition,\" smiles Swastika, a resident of Sukhmani Enclave.Every year, Maninderbir's great grandmother Harsaran Kaur, 85, offers \"sargi\" to her daughter-in-law, Praveen, 59, Swastika, and her sister-in-law Mishrie. Later in the day, the men of the family take the women out to catch a movie and shop. In the evening, the family gets together on the terrace and Maninderbir's great grandfather, Isher Singh, 90, offers \"arrak\" (a mixture of milk and water) to his wife Harsaran for breaking her fast. Similarly, the other women of the house too break their fast. After the women pray to the moon, the family sits down for a lavish dinner.There is nice coming together of different cultures in the family. Swastika's mother-in-law makes sure that her Bengali \"bahu\" feels comfortable at home. And during Durga Puja, the whole Sobti family visits Swastika's home town, Kolkata.Maninderbir Singh, who owns a popular bakery shop says, \"I have known Swastika for 12 years and I am happy that she is a part of my life. She helps me out in my business, is a good wife and a good daughter-in-law too.\" He says, \"Though not many Sikh families observe Karva Chauth, I have seen my mom keep fast since my childhood and when Swastika came into the family, she starting keeping Karva Chauth 'vrat'.\"Says Swastika, \"It is the mutual respect for our respective religions, that strengthens our bond. Be it going to the gurdwara or Durga temple, we pray together as a family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056190", "title": "Proposed amendments to Maharashtra Universities Act", "text": "PUNE: The committee of technology-based examination reforms in state universities has suggested amendments to the existing Maharashtra Universities (MU) Act, 1994, to enable the use and integration of technology in the examination processes. Some of the key suggestions are:There is a need to modify clause 32 (5e) of the MU Act to allow question bank or question paper bank systems. As of now, the clause states that: \"The (exam) committee should obtain three sets of question papers in sealed covers in the respective subject. Chairman of the committee should draw at random one of such sealed covers containing question papers. The selected cover with seals intact should then be sent to the (printing) press.\"Different universities such as the Maharashtra Animal Husbandry and Fisheries Science University ( MAFSU); Babasaheb Ambedkar Technical University ( BATU) and the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) have variations to the above mentioned clause in their corresponding acts, but to the similar effect. The clauses are needed to be modified to allow usage of IT in setting question papers with built in security measures.Separate clause be inserted fixing responsibility on the pro-VC, dean or director of evaluation for imparting training to teachers and administrative staff on usage of technology, new trends in the assessment processes such as cognitive and summative assessment, creation and use of repository of questions, use of technology in paper setting and conduct of examination.Changes needed to ensure that the controller of examination (CoE) or director of evaluation are part of the decision-making process instead of the prevailing system of being invitees on university committees. This will remove difficulties faced in recruitment of staff or availing of finances related to examination section.Financial RequirementFor financing the information and communication technology (ICT) initiatives in state universities, the reforms panel has suggested that the larger universities, with surplus amount left from exam related revenue, may utilize the same for implementing IT initiatives.Smaller universities may collaborate with the larger universities and enter into an agreement with service providers jointly. Due to a large number of students of both the universities combined and economies of the scale, the cost per student of the IT solution should be reduced in comparison to purchase of IT solution by smaller university on its own.Smaller universities can share the infrastructure such as data centre, etc, of the larger universities and use in-house developed softwares of larger universities.The universities may opt for either Capex-Opex or transaction-based fee models for funding IT initiatives. In the first model, the universities invest upfront in the capital expenditure (Capex) of deploying hardware and software solutions. In the following years, the expenditure is then limited to operational expenditure (Opex). In the second model, the universities employ services of a service provider whom they pay per use on number of transactions. The fee per transaction is fixed slab.The committee has recommended that examination-related revenue should not be used as general revenue by the universities. It should be used only for examination related expenditure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17055907", "title": "TOI, UT police launch \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCity Connect\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A tabloid \u00e2\u20ac\u201d City Connect \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an initiative of The Times of India group and Chandigarh Police was launched on Thursday. It was unveiled by UT administrator Shivraj Patil on the occasion of the Raising Day of Chandigarh Police.City Connect, which will be a quarterly, will contain news of the city, activities, initiatives and tips by Chandigarh Police, information on eateries and best places to hang out, health and beauty tips, Bollywood news, and important contact numbers of Chandigarh Police.City Connect would be available in all major hotels, cafeterias, clubs and would be distributed to travelers on board the Shatabdi Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055755", "title": "'Arlekar move to accept previous PAC report questionable'", "text": "PANAJI: Can the Goa legislative speaker, Rajendra Arlekar, now accept a report of the public accounts committee (PAC) of the previous legislative assembly?As first reported by TOI on Thursday, Arlekar on Wednesday accepted a report of the PAC chaired by then opposition leader Manohar Parrikar in October 2011. But the report was not adopted by the committee because a majority of four members- all from the ruling Congress alliance- refused to sign it.Also, then-speaker Pratapsing Rane refused to table in the legislative assembly.When approached for his comment on Thursday, Rane, who is now the opposition leader, said Arlekar's action of accepting the report now is \"questionable\". He said the report was prepared by a committee of the previous assembly and now there is a new assembly in place. He also said that the report was never signed by the majority. Importantly, Rane held that a decision of a speaker of the legislative assembly cannot be reviewed by his successor, or even later on.Legal expert Amrut Kansar concurred. \"How can a report of the committee of the previous legislative assembly be accepted now? It was a report of the previous assembly. They have to constitute a new PAC and give it fresh terms of reference,\" Kansar said.Importantly, the report has also not been dealt with by the new PAC chaired by former chief minister Digambar Kamat. Kamat confirmed to TOI that his committee has not deliberated on the report of the previous committee.Advocate Cleofato Coutinho, a member of the former Goa law commission, wondered whether the report could be called a report in the first place. \"It has to be acceptable to a majority, otherwise it is not a report. The chairman of the PAC has to work out a consensus among the members. How he does it is his lookout. But if he is unable and the majority do not sign it, it is not a report,\" Coutinho said.So is there any significance to the move of Arlekar to accept the report and forward it to the government?Opinions differed on the issue. A senior Congressman accepted that the PAC is an important committee of the House to keep control on the executive, but said that its reports are only recommendatory in nature and do not have any penalizing powers. As such, Arlekar's action does not have much significance and is simply \"politics\".Curiously, another senior Congressman felt that it is the prerogative of the Speaker to accept the report or not, that a House committee is a \"mini-House\" and its findings have legal sanctity in order to initiate proceedings against those named in it.But some felt that the BJP is just trying to prove a point that what the Shah Commission revealed now about illegal mining in Goa, the BJP had taken cognizance of long ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059301", "title": "Ang Lee impresses with Kamal Haasan", "text": "After regaling Mumbai, Ang Lee shifted location to Chennai on Wednesday where Kamal Haasan conducted a 30-minute television with the director. But before that, Ang who was not familiar with Kamal Haasan's work wanted to see his films. So they drove down to Kamal Haasan's office where he has a fully equipped home theatre.Says Kamal, \"I took him to my office where he saw my new film Vishwaroop . I think he liked what he saw. It was very kind of him to make time for something beyond his jam-packed schedule only so that he could be familiar with my work. He had worked in South India in Pudicherry for Life Of Pi . He had heard of me but not seen my work.\"Ang was apparently very impressed with Vishwaroop . The two artistes have decide to collaborate in the very near future. Laughs Kamal Haasan, \"I don't know how impressed Ang was with my work. I've been deeply moved by his work. That's why I readily agreed to interview him for a television channel when the offer was made to me. He was surprised that I knew he was a micro-biologist before he began making movies. I've literally seen all his films, right from the first Pushing Hands. I think we covered extensive ground during the interview.\"Kamal Haasan is also impressed by Ang Lee's latest film The Life Of Pi and intends to make his next film film in 3D in collaboration with the legendary American filmmaker and special-effects supervisor Douglas Trumbull.Says Kamal, \"I have never done a film in 3D. I'd like to. What I've seen Ang achieve in Life Of Pi through the 3D technique is unique. I am glad I had a chance to get into a conversation with Ang. We seem to share so much in common.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054748", "title": "Doctor's mind-blowing success in two brain tumour surgeries", "text": "NAGPUR: They are two patients from different backgrounds but have a similar malady. Fate brought them to Meditrina Hospital in the city where both underwent difficult but successful operations to remove their non-cancerous brain tumours.The patients - an 18-year-old national volleyball player from Balaghat and a 70-year-old retired engineer from Nigeria - are back on their feet and are set to live normal lives. The tumours in both cases were congenital, that is since birth.Shubham Ratnere, a Std XII student from Balaghat, is a national-level volleyball player but was too poor to even think of the surgery. But as luck would have it, Gauri Shankar Bisen, a cabinet minister from Madhya Pradesh , came to his rescue and gave Rs1 lakh to the hospital for the surgery. Now Shubham is all set to take back to his game and studies.\"I was refused surgery by many doctors in Nagpur for want of money as well as expertise. But the two neurosurgeons here decided to operate on me. They did not charge me anything as their fees and hospital expenses. The rest was paid by Bisen Sir,\" said a delighted Shubham.He had approached Bisen at Balaghat for financial help and the MLA had promised him help from the CM fund. A few days later, Bisen had gone to Meditrina Hospital for his own treatment when the doctors mentioned that another patient from Balaghat had also come there on the same day. When Bisen went to see who the patient was, he was surprised to find that it was Shubham. After learning from doctors about the procedure and financial needs, Bisen handed over Rs1 lakh to the hospital on the spot for Shubham's treatment.The youth was also grateful to the two neurosurgeons, Dr Sameer Paltewar and Dr Nilesh Agrawal, who together took eight and a half hours to remove his tumour, and Dr Sanjay Ramteke, the neurologist who diagnosed the tumour and its intensity.\"I had begun to lose vision and as the tumour was growing rapidly. I am happy I can play volleyball again. But I would study engineering to earn for my family,\" he said. Shubham's father is a small-time bangle-seller. He cannot but thank God for his son's life. \"He is both a promising a player and the future bread earner of the family. I cannot do anything but bless the doctors and the minister,\" he said.Box - The story of Godfrey Amalu, a 70-year-old retired engineer from Enugu in Nigeria, is a contrast from Shubham Ratnere's tale. Amalu had the money for the surgery but doctors in Nigeria suggested him to just to just put a stent in his brain. Probably worried about Amalu's age, the doctors recommended the stent as they thought it would minimize the consequences of his disease and prevent him from suddenly falling unconscious or losing his memory.However, Amalu's daughter Chidimma, a nurse, decided to get the right treatment for him and through her network of friends located Dr Paltewar. \"We decided to come to Nagpur and not opt for big cities in India as our communication with Dr Paltewar through e-mail made us believe that he was the best person for my problem. Not only does this hospital have world class infrastructure but also skilled surgeons. This is called destiny,\" said Godfery, the 13th foreigner to be treated at Meditrina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055548", "title": "Probe ordered into inflated water bills", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of the NMC has ordered a probe into inflated water bills issued by the water department of the NMC in some prabhags in the city.The decision was taken after committee members brought to notice the inflated water bills being provided by the department and that the NMC officials were also demanding money from the concerned people to decrease the water bills.Standing committee chairman Udhhav Nimse asked officials to probe into the matter. He also expressed his concern over the amount being reduced after taking bribes. He instructed officials to check the wrong water bills issued to citizens and take action against erring officials.Nimse further ordered the NMC administration to divide the additional charge of the deputy commissioner (Tax) R M Bahiram and appoint efficient official for house and water cess department. Bahiram said, \"Inquiry will be conducted in this connection and punitive action will be taken against the concerned officials.\"Vikrant Mate of NCP said, \"There are financial irregularities in the water cess department of NMC. Wrong bills with increased the amount are being provided in some parts of the city. NMC officials are showing negligence to civilian complaints. Moreover, water bills should be distributed quarterly instead of half-yearly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055775", "title": "Congress using CBI for political gains: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: As a firebrand opposition leader, Mamata Banerjee had demanded a CBI inquiry into almost every incident in which the erstwhile Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government was in a spot. But as a chief minister, Mamata Banerjee now feels the \"CBI stick\" is being used for political purposes - to control political parties and state governments.Mamata on Thursday launched a blistering attack on the alleged misuse of the CBI by the Centre. \"Sources told me that the present UPA government has developed a feeling that there's nobody to change its decision because it is using the CBI stick to terrorize one and all. Even newly appointed ministers have started threatening other political parties. Though I have great respect for the CBI as an institution, the way it is being used for political purposes is simply not acceptable. It proves that CBI now stands for 'Congress Bureau of Investigation',\" she wrote in a Facebook post.Political analysts felt certain reports from Delhi that suggested the CBI may lodge a case against Trinamool Rajya Sabha MP K D Singh have triggered the outburst. The industrialist-turned-politician's name cropped up in the 2010 cash-for-vote controversy during Jharkhand Rajya Sabha elections.Singh, the former chairman of the Alchemist group of companies, was a Jharkhand Mukti Morcha candidate in June 2010 elections to the Rajya Sabha. He later switched camps to join the Trinamool Congress in November that year. Singh, who resigned as the Alchemist chairperson to turn into a full-time politician, is a key Trinamool leader tasked with the party's foray into states outside Bengal.Taking a cue from Arvind Kejriwal's allegations a day before that Mukesh Ambani , and not the Prime Minister, runs the country, the chief minister on Thursday claimed that repeated increase of prices of non-subsidized LPG cylinders are being made for the interest of few petroleum companies.Unlike Kejriwal, Mamata however, didn't take names. In a detailed Facebook post, she wrote, \"Again, the price of LPG cylinders (non-subsidized) has been increased by Rs 26.50 on Thursday. The present UPA government is really becoming irresponsible and intolerable. Even being a minority government, they have been taking all major policy decisions. Imposition of restriction on use of subsidized LPG cylinders and repeated increase of prices of non-subsidized LPG cylinders are being made for the interest of few petroleum companies.\" However, the decision to hike LPG prices was put on hold late on Thursday night.In a renewed appeal to all parties on whose support the UPA-II was banking on, Mamata said: \"Time is running out. I would appeal to political parties, even those who are extending outside support to the UPA II government, to stand up and oppose this decision.\"Mamata also appealed to people to build an opinion against the Centre. \"If the government is vindictive, remember that in our democracy, 'people' is the supreme authority. Let us fight the battle against unethical decisions of the minority government,\" she appealed.EOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17055468", "title": "Cop held guilty of injuring boy", "text": "INDORE: A sub inspector has been found guilty of injuring a boy with his bullet on Dussehra during Shastra Puja in Pardeshipura police station. CSP Rajesh Dandotia, who investigated the case, submitted the report to DIG A Sai Manohar.He said the sub inspector SD Sharma did not follow rules while cleaning the weapon as a result of which the bullet went off and injured a boy standing on the premises of the police station.He further said there are certain rules to be followed while cleaning any weapon. The sub inspector was supposed to keep the barrel up while cleaning it .However, no FIR has been registered as the family members of the victim are not willing to lodge the complaint.Dandotia said he had submitted the report to DIG and the decision on action against the SI would be taken by him.Earlier, Manoj Bhoi, son of Radheshyam Bhoi sustained bullet injuries when he went to supply water in the police station on Dussehra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056144", "title": "Sangvi park set to open on Saturday", "text": "PUNE: Former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar will visit Pimpri Chinchwad on Saturday to inaugurate Shiv Shrushti garden in Sangvi.The garden has murals depicting the events in the life of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj from his birth to his coronation.\"We want the younger generation to know about the history of our state. Hence, the garden has murals depicting events in the life of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj,\" corporator Prashant Shitole said.A meditation centre and training centre for martial arts and a library will also come up. Garden department chief Suresh Salunke said, \"The garden is on one acre. The total cost of creating it was around Rs 1.75 crore and it took a year for the civic body to landscape it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055325", "title": "'82% Mumbaikars with diabetic family do not check sugar levels'", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite having a family history of diabetes and one or more members of the family been diagnosed with the disease, 82% Mumbaikars do not go for regular blood sugar check-ups.A survey conducted as part of Sanofi Diabetes Blue Fortnight 2012 by HEAL Foundation in 900 households across Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore revealed that each family, included in the study, had at least one diabetic member.For instance, the survey revealed that 48% did not know what diabetes is and why it is caused. Only 28% knew the disease can be controlled with medication. Nearly 85.4% in the three cities never get their blood sugar level examined despite a family member suffering from diabetes.Dr Manoj Chadha, endocrinologist, P D Hinduja Hospital, said, that most Indians feel that they are experts when it comes to nutrition and medication.\"The survey found 90% do not consult a dietician despite having a diabetic family history. A person whose one parent is diabetic has 60% chances of getting the disease; if one parent suffers from diabetes along with the other parent coming from a diabetic family, the chances are 60% and if both parents suffer from diabetes, the chances are as high as 90%.\" he said.The survey says 55% of these people never engage in physical activities like exercises, walking or running.\"When one has a history of diabetes in the family, it becomes doubly important to take care of one's health. Diabetes cannot be cured, but it can always be prevented by keeping cholesterol at bay,\" said Dr Preetaish Kaul, principal consultant, HEAL Foundation.82% of Mumbaikars do not go for regular blood sugar level check-ups even though they have a family history of diabetes and one or more of the family members has been diagnosed with the disease.A recent survey conducted in 900 households across Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore, was conducted as part of Sanofi Diabetes Blue Fortnight 2012 by HEAL Foundation, revealed that there is still a lack of awareness even in the urban cities about diabetes. Each household included in the survey had at least one family member suffering from diabetes.For instance, the survey revealed that 48% of people who were questioned, did not know what diabetes is and why it is caused. Only 28% of people knew that the disease can be controlled with medication. What was worse, was that 85.4% of people in the three cities never get blood sugar level examined even when there is a family member suffering and taking treatment for the disease.Dr Manoj Chadha, endocrinologist at P D Hinduja Hospital said that most Indians feel that they are experts when it comes to nutrition and medication. \"The survey found that about 90% of people do not consult a dietician or nutritionist, even if they may have a history of diabetes in the family. A person, whose one parent is diabetic, has 60% chances of getting the disease; if one parent suffers from diabetes along with the other parent coming from a diabetic family history, the chances increase to 60% and if both parents suffer from diabetes, the chances are as high as 90%,\" he said.What's worse, about 55% of these people never engage in physical activities like exercises, walking or running. \"When one has a history of diabetes in the family, it becomes doubly important to take care of one's health. Diabetes cannot be cured, but it can always be prevented by keeping cholesterol at bay,\" said Dr Preetaish Kaul, principal consultant, HEAL Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17056197", "title": "Rasavikalpam cultural show begins in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: 'Rasavikalpam', the ten-day cultural extravaganza, being organized by the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Akademi in association with the district administration and Nehru Yuva Kendra, began at the Town Hall here on Thursday.Kathakali exponent Guru Chemencheri Kunhiraman Nair inaurgurated the function. District collector K V Mohankumar and others were present. The inaugural programme was followed by a Bharatanatyam performance. The programme aims at reviving the old glory of the city by converting it as a hub of dance and music in the northern region.Renjith and Vijina will stage Bharatanatyam on Friday. On Saturday, Lavanya Ananth will enthrall the audience. Kathak dancer Parwati Dutta has been conducting workshop for students at the Town hall from November 1 to 3.Sree Lakshmi Govardhanan will stage Kuchipudi on Sunday. Narthaki Nataraj will perform Bharatanatyam on Monday. Birgitte Chataignier will perform Mohiniyattam on Tuesday. Indira Kadambi will take demonstration classes on Bharatanatyam from November 4 to 6. Rema Srikanth dance company will present Bharatanatyam on Wednesday and Meenakshi Srinivasan on Thursday. Yasmin Singh and Aarti Singh will stage Kathak on November 9 and Sumitra Guha will present Hindustani vocal on the concluding day. Manju Bharghavee will conduct workshop on Kuchipudi from November 7 to 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17056688", "title": "Kerala to launch 30-day programme for agricultural reforms", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state agriculture department has set a one-month deadline to complete a series of agri-reforms programmes initiated by the government this year.Chief minister Oommen Chandy inaugurated a month-long initiative in the state capital on Thursday. The projects include generating farm related employment at panchayat level, implementation of mechanization process, high-tech farming and setting agri-kiosks across all districts in the state.On the issue of conversion of farm-lands, state agriculture minister K P Mohanan said that the agriculture department is studying the proposed land use bill, 2002, which is being circulated to different departments for suggestions and recommendations. \"We will not allow anything that will harm the progress of the agriculture sector in the state,'' he said.The minister added that the state is planning to initiate conclaves that will include agriculture experts, students and veteran farming families who will initiate cultivation in barren farm lands across the state.\"We have been able to increase cultivation in 400 hectares of farm lands that were lying barren this year. We have also given Rs 25,000 a hectare to farmers for farming expenses and Rs 5,000 a hectare for farm owners who have given their farm lands on lease,'' he said. \"Kasaragod will be the first district in the state to become fully organic and we will introduce safe-to-eat food products in select horticulture outlets in the city,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "17056370", "title": "Schools, colleges to remain closed as wet spell continues in the Nilgiris", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Schools and colleges will remain closed on Friday in view of the meteorological department forecast for heavy showers, announced the Nilgiris collector, Archana Patnaik. All private and government schools located in all the taluks in the Nilgiris will remain closed.Meanwhile, heavy rain has continued in the Nilgiris especially in Glenmorgan area, Ketti, Kotagiri and Gudalur and its neighbourhood since Wednesday morning. Wet spell prevailed in Ooty, Coonoor and other parts of the hills as well.According to rainfall records, the Nilgiris received an average rainfall of 42.67 mm with Glenmorgan and Naduvattam areas recording heavy rainfall of 131 mm and 96 mm respectively ending 24 hours on Thursday morning. While Ooty recorded 15.4 mm, Coonoor received 16mm of rain. Thick clouds were seen over in Ooty, Coonoor and Kotagiri areas. Outdoor activities here were interrupted by the rains.Fortunately, there have been no major incidents of trees being uprooted or landslides in the hill district. According to the administration, the disaster management has been put in place. Two weeks ago, uprooting of trees and minor landslides on the Ooty-Coonoor - Mettupalayam were reported besides minor damages in oter places in the hills.In few places the damaged NH roads falling within the Ooty town limit are slightly posing threat to the motorists. The damaged roads are a long pending works yet to be attended by the concern authorities.The floods and the landslides occurred in November, 2009 are fresh in mind of the locals. The incessant rains for the past two days have caused a deep sense of fear among them.Government Botanical Garden (GBG) received 40%less crowd than usual. According to garden officials, the wet spell across Tamil Nadu resisted people from travelling. The advancement of the northeast monsoon had played spoilsport for the second tourist season which extends normally till end of October.Meanwhile, Nilgiris Collector, Archana Patnaik has announced holidays for schools and colleges on Friday in view of the weather forecast by the meteorological department. The holiday has been announced for the private and government schools located in all the taluks in the Nilgiris.However, on Thursday, holiday was declared for schools and colleges only in Ooty, Coonoor, Kotagiri and Kundha taluks in the district, while schools in other two taluks, Gudalur and Pandalur functioned as usual as these areas were expected to receive only moderate rains. However Devala and Gudalur received heavy showers for the past two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "valmiki nagar (west champaran)", "code": "17053981", "title": "Modi launches jungle safari at Valmiki Tiger Reserve", "text": "Valmiki Nagar (West Champaran): Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on Thursday inaugurated the ambitious Eco Tourism project and launched jungle safari, elephant safari and bullock-cart safari at the Valmiki Tiger Reserve. \"The initiative will not only help us attract tourists but also provide employment to the locals,\" he said.Modi recalled the area didn't have facilities to fascinate tourists. Yet, tourists came to see the Gandak barrage. \"But now we have a Valmiki Vihar with 12 two-bed rooms and also a guesthouse and 'Eco Huts' for those wishing to stay,\" he said and added adventure buffs on safari could go inside the reserved forest area.The reserve forest is spread over 901 sqkm with almost 899 sqkm coming under protected area. Taking up the issue of displacement of Tharu tribes, the deputy CM said more than 10 lakh Tharus were living in the area. \"We will not displace a single of them,\" he asserted and added the state government in fact planned to provide electricity through solar energy to the Tharu villages.The state government is also working on a proposal to arrange paying-guest accommodation for tourists wishing to stay in villages to know about our culture. \"This will also generate income for the locals,\" he said and suggested to the locals to invest in vehicles and hire them out to tourists for jungle safari.The deputy CM said details about the tiger reserve have been uploaded to valmikitigerreserve.com and an information centre would also be opened at the tiger reserve to facilitate tours to the reserve. He also assured to do the needful to get repaired the dilapidated 25-km stretch of road leading to Valmiki Nagar.Also present at the occasion were Bettiah MP Sanjay Jaiswal, Ramnagar MLA Bhagirathi Devi and principal secretary (forest) Santosh Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17053688", "title": "Messi, Cristiano good but Ronaldo was the best: Luis Figo", "text": "MARGAO: Luis Figo does not need an interpreter. Fluent in five languages, including English, the Portuguese football legend who was among the world's best footballers of his time, spoke with an amazing clarity of thought on a host of topics during his media interaction on Thursday. Figo is in Goa to attend the closing ceremony of the YCL at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda.Excerpts:It's nice to have you in Goa. Is this your first visit?Yes , this is my first visit to India and I am glad that it happened to be Goa that I am visiting. Goa has so many connections with Portugal and this state means a lot to the Portuguese. I am pleased with the invitation to attend the Youth Champions League because it's a youth development event and something that I believe in. I am glad that I will be able to play a small role in the development of football. It is the young who shape the future.But India's football is nothing much to talk about...There are so many kids participating and we can look forward to the future. Such kind of initiatives will create excitement, a buzz and that can help the game a great deal. The transformation cannot happen overnight but I think we can discover some talent from such initiatives. I can do my bit with my experience.That tournament brought Portugal together like never before and we have not seen such kind of support for the national team. We started with a loss and then fought our way to the final. The tournament will always remain special.Who was the best you played with?Ronaldo. (Brazilian) Ronaldo was the world's best during that time and he won plenty of awards. That time the quality of players was much more than what we have now. What made Ronaldo different was his sheer physical strength. He is the best I have played with.Your views on Indian football?I am a bit surprised that India, with all its resources and population, does not have one decent footballer. Portugal is a country with 11 million people but you have more than a billion here.You belonged to the Golden Generation which helped change football inPortugal...It's not just the Golden Generation of players who helped in the change. The clubs, academies, the fans and the federation all who helped us compete at a very high level. I spent 10 years at Sporting Clube (de Portugal) and they allowed me to grow, giving me the best of conditions at the club. India must now find its own golden generation and the process must begin now.Ronaldo or Messi?It's a simple answer and I keep saying this every time the topic is brought up. You cannot compare the two. They are two great players and if you compare, one is bound to lose, which will be unfair to the other. They are both high quality players, both entertain, both score goals and both bring in a lot of quality to the team. But they are both totally different players and play in different situations. In the end, choice is subjective.Who would be your pick for the Ballon d Or award?Again, it's a matter of debate, but I must say that there are much fewer choices now. During our time, you had 10-15 players who were all great footballers and anyone of them could have won the Footballer of the Year award. This is the big difference.You are among the few footballers to have played for both Barcelona and Real Madrid. But Barcelona fans will hate you more simply because they loved you so much. Why did you leave Barcelona?I felt I was not recognized for what I was at Barcelona. It was a difficult decision since I had everything at Barcelona. But in the end, and as I see it from my time at Real Madrid where I won plenty of titles and honours, it was the right decision. I have no regrets about that.You had a pig head thrown at you when you returned to Nou Camp for the Clasico with Real Madrid. Do you think the Clasico is the greatest and most enchanting football rivalry? What makes the Clasico so special?The Clasico is fascinating. I think each country has a separate football culture and each rivalry is different but the Clasico, for the moment, remains special. They have the best players in Spain and the quality is high-class. What makes it more interesting is that the rivalry between Real Madrid and Barcelona goes beyond football.With Jose Mourinho taking charge of Real Madrid has the Clasico become all the more special?Whether it's Mourinho or anyone else, the Clasico will always be there. The clash is between two of the best teams and it does not matter who is coaching either side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055363", "title": "Nearly 1000 vehicles rush to recalibrate", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO is seeing a record rise in the number of taxis and autos arriving for recalibration.By Thursday evening, the Tardeo RTO had recalibrated a record 829 e-meters in one day, and this figure is likely to touch 1,000 a day soon, sources said.As far as autos are concerned, a record 1,200 plus autos have begun arriving for recalibration daily and this figure is expected to touch 2,000 as the November 25 deadline is fast approaching, RTO sources said.\"We are under tremendous pressure to get all the recalibrated meters tested and approved as per the revised fares. The new meter involves resetting all parameters. The new minimum distance reading is for 1.5km instead of 1.6km, and the next drop is for 100 metres instead of 200 metres,\" said an official. He further said there were long queues of autos and taxis since the past two weeks.\"We want to ensure that passengers get autos fitted with the recalibrated meters,\" said an official who did not wish to be named. He added that the new e-meters will bear a yellow sticker mentioning 'Recalibrated as per the October revised tariff'. Those who have travelled in these autos have found that the drivers are demanding exact fares and there is no rigging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17055020", "title": "16-year-old found dead", "text": "BHOPAL: A 16-year-old girl was found dead in her house here on Thursday. Prime facie it appears that the deceased committed suicide by hanging herself. But according to the police the possibility of a foul play cannot be not be ruled out.The deceased name is Shaheen, a resident of Motilal Nehru colony under the limits of Nishatpura police station.The police said they got the information of incident from people's hospital. The girl was found unconscious in her house after which the family members rushed her to the hospital where doctors declared her dead, the police said. The attending doctors told the police that there were marks on girl's throat suggesting that she would have hanged herself. Meanwhile, the body has been sent for the postmortem. Statements of the family members is also yet to be recorded.That may throw some light into the incident, informed police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053728", "title": "Anaka's finally living up to her promise", "text": "MUMBAI: After nearly a decade in the squash circuit, India's No. 1 junior Anaka Alankamony is finally coming out of the shadows cast by her more illustrious and better known teammates, Dipika Pallikal and Joshna Chinappa.Her win at the Ipswich Open in Australia last month is the latest testimony to her rising career graph. Not only was it her maiden title win abroad, but also one of the most challenging, that saw her stun the top seed and world No. 39 Kylie Lindsay.\"That win was a big boost,\" says the 18-year-old from Tamil Nadu , who is currently ranked 92 in the world. \"I generally don't play in the international circuit. So, I really did not know where I stood in terms of performance and skills. My first title was in Chennai, my home ground. But in Australia, there was no crowd support or home advantage. So that made it a bigger achievement.\"Juggling her game with a demanding engineering course, Anaka emphasizes on the need for a college degree. \"I am enjoying my game because I don't feel any pressure. I just love playing squash. But getting a degree is equally important. It's more of a back-up, in case you get injured real bad,\" says the second-year Computer Science student at the Sri Sivasubramaniya Nadar College of Engineering, an institute that has churned out the likes of off-spinner R Ashwin.However, her biggest concern at present is dearth of sponsors. \"I don't have many contacts and the only way to get any sponsors is to go through my academy. Right now, I get nominal help from the government. But I hope to secure some sponsorship soon, so I can have a free hand. As it is, squash does not guarantee much money,\" says the product of Indian Squash Academy in Chennai.Top seed in the ongoing CCI-Western India Open squash tournament, Anaka will next play in the World Women's Team Championship in France, along with Pallikal, Chinappa and Aparajitha Balamurukan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054338", "title": "Three vehicle thieves arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police arrested three vehicle thieves and recovered stolen automobiles worth Rs 12 lakh from their possession. The Pet Basheerabad police held Y Swamy, 23, K Swamy, 22, of Qutbullapur and M Subhash, 29, of Jeedimetla. On Tuesday at around 2pm, the Pet Basheerabad police stopped Y Swamy and Subhash travelling on a Passion Pro bike near Dulapally crossroads as part of routine vehicle-checking.As the duo was unable to produce any documents, they were taken to the police station. \"On interrogation, they confessed that they have been committing vehicle thefts for the past couple of months in Jeedimetla, Balanagar and Pet Basheerabad areas,\" inspector B Janaiah said. Later, police arrested K Swamy from Qutbullapur on Tuesday night and recovered five Maruti Omni Vans, a Maruti 800 and three bikes from his possession on Thursday.The trio was produced in court and later remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055776", "title": "Kamat tells centrally empowered committee about gold deposits", "text": "PANAJI: Nandkumar M Kamat, member of the Goa planning board, has submitted documents on gold deposits in Goa to the Supreme Court-appointed centrally empowered committee (CEC) chairman P V Jaykrishnan on Wednesday.Kamat also submitted copies of official notes on gold and heavy metal policy sent to the office of the chief minister in 2011, and has requested the CEC to make a disclosure of the geochemical analysis of ore (high and low grade) exported from Goa compulsory to reveal the contents of 33 metals besides iron. He sent these documents through Pradip Sarmokadam, an expert on SWM and environmental certification, who had a brief meeting with the CEC chairman at the Circuit house, Panaji , on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054711", "title": "Plea to stay Son of Sardaar release dismissed", "text": "NAGPUR: In a relief to actor-producer Ajay Devgn, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has dismissed a petition asking to stay the Diwali release of 'Son of Sardaar' on technical grounds. The petition was listed before a division bench of Justices Pratap Hardas and AR Joshi. Devgn who had produced the movie, Censor Board of Film Certification (CBFC) chairperson Leela Samson, and five others were made respondents.Other respondents included - Union Information and Broadcasting minister Ambika Soni (Now Manish Tewari), state home ministry, National Commission for Minorities chairman Wajahat Habibullah, Nagpur commissioner of police and inspector of Jaripatka police station. Due to some misprint in the daily cause list of the high court, the status of the petition was not shown, but it came up for the hearing on Thursday morning.The bench had taken objection on making Union Information and Broadcasting minister as respondents and asked the petitioners - Jatinderpal Singh Uppal and Taranjeet Singh Himmat Singh Bevali - that they should have made ministry respondent instead of minister. The petitioners had objected to certain dialogues and scenes of the movie terming them \"as showing the Sikh community in poor light\".Earlier, petitioners' counsel Kamal Satuja contended that Devgn, who portrayed the lead character of a young Sardar in the movie, had said very obscene and indecent things about the community. Devgn was shown as a joker and an insane fellow who becomes an object of ridicule. Satuja pleaded that they had earlier filed a complaint in this regard with CBFC, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and also with the CP and Jaripatka police, highlighting their grievances but no one responded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ghazaibad", "code": "17056046", "title": "Ranji players trying to stay in favour", "text": "GHAZAIBAD: The 79th edition of the Ranji Trophy couldn't have come at a better time for those cricketers who will be playing in the upcoming Test series against England. With the Indian team against England to be picked on the final day of the first round on November 5, both established players and young guns will be keen to catch the new selection committee's eye.This is why the likes of Virender Sehwag and Suresh Raina will be facing off when Indian cricket's flagship domestic competition gets under way on Friday with matches across 12 cities, involving 27 teams divided into three groups. The two-division Elite and Plate format has been done away with this year.In a way, it's back to the grind for those players who sometimes take their place in Team India for granted. So we find Raina leading the Uttar Pradesh team against a Sehwagled Delhi in the opening match at Ghaziabad, with not just the team's fortune but also their own places in the national team at stake.The 11 India A players who are playing in the warm-up match against England at Mumbai will rush back to join their respective Ranji teams so that they can get another opportunity to prove their form and fitness.Established players like Sachin Tendulkar , Zaheer Khan and Gautam Gambhir will also take the opportunity to get a decent hit in the middle before they square up against England in the first Test from November 15.There are also some cricketers who have either been injured or been in and out of the Indian team. They will take this opportunity to reiterate their class and calibre. There are youngsters too who will want to prove their pedigree to the national selectors. With a crowded international schedule ahead and fears of injuries to boot, there is a greater chance of getting a look-in into the national squad these days, more so than it was in the past.Top teams like Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, UP, Delhi, Punjab and Baroda have players who have been discarded from the national team \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from one format or the other \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and are taking the Ranji route to get back in favour.For example, UP has some discarded Test players in Praveen Kumar , RP Singh , Mohammad Kaif and Piyush Chawla. Likewise, Delhi has Ishant Sharma, Baroda has the Pathan brothers, Karnataka has Robin Uthappa and Tamil Nadu has Murali Vijay and Abhinav Mukund . These are the guys who have tasted blood and would not like to be left to grind it out in the domestic circuit.Others like Cheteshwar Pujara , who is now fully fit, Amit Mishra , Ishant Sharma and Ravindra Jadeja too will look at the tournament as a platform to get a nod when the selectors sit down to pick the Test team.As for the Ranji Trophy itself, it will be a tough task for twice-defending champions Rajasthan to become only the second team after Mumbai to complete a hat-trick of titles . They rose from the Plate division and went all the way to win their maiden crown. They did an encore to prove that their first triumph was not a fluke. First up for them at Kolkata are Bengal, who are a tough team at any given time.Mumbai, Railways, Delhi, UP and Rajasthan are the teams which have won the national championship during the past few seasons and will look to lift the coveted Trophy once again to reaffirm their strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14386008", "title": "Very common matrimonial landmines", "text": "Happily Ever Afters aren't perfect but they aren't impossible either. Our experts help you navigate some common matrimonial landminesUniversally, all marriages have their spells of good and bad and more often than not, share the same kinks in the chain. Be it pesky in-laws or intolerable cleanliness issues, living with someone day in and day out can have its moments of insanity. The trick is to not let them get the better of the relationship. Marriage counsellor Sonali Raisingh and clinical psychologist Ranjan Shah list the most common problems marriages face and how to deal with them.Parent trap We tend to get immune to our family's levels of crazy and find it strange when someone points them out to us. Dealing with in-laws is tricky territory for both as one is expected to be respectful while disagreeing on multiple counts. Raisingh suggests that couples set a few boundaries to avoid messy confrontations. It is also important to support your partner and give your relationship priority over how your parents feel.\"For example, if your in-laws call a few hundred times during the day, learn to limit the number without being rude,\" says Raisingh. \"Take your time to call back or text instead. Make plans in advance so they don't pop over unannounced.\"As for unsolicited advice, instead of meekly listening, be respectful but assertive about what you think. Say things like, 'I appreciate your concern but we will discuss it and figure out what's best for us'. Do not encourage complaints about your spouse and put up a united front regarding decisions. To keep unwarranted advice at bay keep private matters private. If you mention problems to your mother-in-law, her natural reaction would be to give you advice. So it's best not to discuss issues you don't want interference on.Family planning According to Raisingh, \"Most couples have difficulty in setting the time to have children. Due to social and biological factors, women tend to be keen to start a family earlier whereas men like to be financially and emotionally prepared. Postponing it can drain the relationship.\"Shah adds, \"It'll never seem like the right time, but the younger you are when you have kids, the more energy you'll have to deal with the disruptions they'll throw your way.'Infertility takes on a different level of emotional toll. \"Not being able to conceive is often taken as a failure of the union. Discuss other options before you start trying to conceive and you'll be able to handle disappointment better,\" says Raisingh. \"The worst thing to do is to blame yourself or your partner, especially since this isn't something you can change. Weigh your options, but most importantly, shield each other from negativity.\"Money matters Financial baggage can also break a marriage. It's best to be transparent about financial commitments. According to Shah, most partners are surprised by each others spending habits and debt. Be it home loans or credit card bills, never hide the status of your finances and make it a point to take a joint decision on big expenses. \"Things tend to get a little complicated as both partners work and get used to a certain financial independence before marriage. To suddenly become answerable to someone else takes a little adjusting to,\" he says.Child rearing Whether you want to be a Tiger mom or a Lily dad, agree on parenting styles. According to Raisingh, \"Many parents end up adapting disciplinary techniques similar to what they grew up with. If your parents were strict, chances are you'll be stern as well. If your partner's parents were permissive, (s)he'll be laid back, making you the 'bad guy'.\"Talk about disciplining techniques and the idea is to be consistent, be it reward or punishment. \"Children are smart enough to see through empty threats,\" says Raisingh. As long as you dictate house rules together, kids won't play one parent against the other.Bedroom games A chunk of marital problems arise in the bedroom. After a while, infrequency of sex becomes a major factor for friction. Day-to-day monotony takes a toll on energy levels as well as physical intimacy. According to Shah, \"Holding out on each other as punishment is also common and is the worst way to make your point. Interestingly, when it's physical intimacy it lacks, that is exactly what can rejuvenate a relationship.\"Body beautiful Your wife may not have maintained a svelte figure or your husband might have a paunch and thinning hair, but that's hardly reason to bring it to their notice. Instead of making your partner conscious, Shah recommends suggesting activities that you can do together such as hiking or adopting a healthy diet together. \"Make it about yourself. Say you need to get fitter and need company,\" he says.Don't underestimate the effect of monotony on the relationship. \"With both partners working, household chores can no longer be 'his' and 'hers'. Partners should evenly distribute them to ease the pressure. Small gestures of cleaning up and paying bills can help your partner feel cared for and loved, which helps reduce resentment,\" says Raisingh.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055097", "title": "Alert traffic constable nabs thief posing as ACB officer", "text": "MUMBAI: An alert traffic cop on Thursday arrested a 34-year-old Santa Cruz resident for allegedly attempting to snatch a bag containing Rs 12 lakh by posing as a senior anti-corruption bureau (ACB) officer.Accused Akbar Shaikh allegedly followed victim Jeevan Chavan from Santa Cruz to Churchgate, after which he made Chavan accompany him in a taxi to the ACB office at Worli to \"investigate\" the reason behind him travelling with such a huge sum, the Worli police said.Around 11.15am, Chavan, an office boy, was on his way to the Bombay high court to hand over the cash to his employer. \"Shaikh accosted Chavan outside Churchgate railway station and posing as a cop asked the latter to produce a receipt for the large sum of money he was carrying. When Chavan said he didn't have one, Shaikh made him get into a cab and asked the driver to head towards Worli,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone III) Kishore Jadhav.In his police complaint, Chavan said, \"When we reached Worli around 11.30am, he asked me to get out of the vehicle, and before I could react, tried to snatch my bag.\"Seeing the commotion, a traffic constable who was passing by got suspicious. \"Chavan told the constable that Shaikh had claimed he was an ACB officer. Shaikh's fraud came to light when he failed to produce any ID card that could prove he was a cop,\" said Worli police assistant inspector Ravindra Wani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054646", "title": "Delhi commission for women condemns Modi for his 'Rs 50 crore girlfriend' remark", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) on Thursday worked itself up into a bout of outrage over Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's widely-condemned \"Rs 50 crore ki girlfriend\" remark about Sunanda Pushkar , wife of Union minister Shashi Tharoor . And to give vent to its anger, it called an urgent press meet which was addressed by its chairperson, Barkha Shukla Singh.A charged Singh took on Modi in what was described as a public appeal to women to rise against such remarks that are an attack on women's dignity. She demanded a public apology from Modi, asking women of the country to unite against such attacks.Singh brought out the poetess in her to condemn Modi by reciting a couplet - 'Nafratein palna durbhagya raha ho jiska / Woh kisi rishtey ki azmat kahan pehchanta hai / pyar ko paise main is tolane wale so kaho / koi bandar kahan adrak ka mazaa janta hai' (A man who had the misfortune of fostering hatred won't recognize the glory of a relationship / please tell this man who puts a price on love / that a monkey shall never know the taste of ginger).However, Singh's discomfiture was evident when she was asked if the commission's condemnation and appeal against Modi's comment was a political move at a time when Gujarat was heading for elections. She denied this vehemently, reiterating that this was just about safeguarding the dignity of women. She was, however, caught off-guard when asked for her stand on Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh's remark about Modi's \"wife\" a few hours back. Singh had asked Modi to reveal his marital status, claiming that a search on YouTube led to the name of one Yashoda Ben as Modi's \"wife\".The DCW chairperson said she had no idea what Digvijay Singh had said. Asked if the commission would issue an appeal similar to the one against Modi if it was a Congress leader, Digvijay Singh, now, Barkha Singh said, \"Yes, certainly. If he has made an attack on the dignity of a woman, then I would condemn it too. The commission would take the same stand in case of any person,\" she said.The DCW chairperson said in her statement: \"Remarks like '50 crore girlfriend' are against the values of the Constitution.\" Alleging that this was done with the objective of garnering votes, Singh scored a few political points herself, pointing out that this was happening when the UPA government was doing its best to empower the women of the country.Modi had drawn flak from many quarters over the Pushkar remark. In fact, Pushkar was defended by her husband in a very dignified manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17054323", "title": "Cyclone Nilam adds 800 tonnes to city garbage", "text": "CHENNAI: While Chennai slept, its roads were abuzz with activity on Wednesday night. Dressed in neon overalls, thousands of civic workers swept, sawed and scooped to clear the mess caused by Cyclone Nilam.Civic workers collected 800 tonnes of 'garden waste' and 500 uprooted trees in addition to the usual 4,500 tonnes of regular garbage. While 200 four-member teams were tasked with clearing uprooted trees, close to 8,000 regular workers were assigned to clear other garbage. According to senior officials, about 7,080 mechanical saws, more than 20 bobcats (loading machines), 40 JCB machines and 1,500 lorries were pressed into service.\"We were prepared for two eventualities - of people getting marooned and trees and electric poles falling,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan. The workers were asked to clear all the main roads by 3am and cover other areas by morning. Their work was closely monitored by senior officials, Karthikeyan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17053819", "title": "Cyclone Nilam effect: Overcast conditions prevail in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Unexpected cloudy weather prevailed over the city and it became dark early on Thursday evening. Weather officials said that the cloudy weather was due to the influence of the Nilam cyclone which has moved towards Tamil Nadu , forming a depression.Officials said that some rain may occur in south Gujarat region on Friday under the influence of the same system. While the night temperatures will remain high since the weather is cloudy, a dip in the minimum temperatures by two to three degrees is expected once the clouds clear by Sunday.Currently, the night temperature remains around 18 degrees which is likely to go further down by the weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054434", "title": "Stranded truck disrupts rail, road traffic at Mankapur railway crossing", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur-Delhi train traffic was disrupted for about an hour, on Thursday afternoon, after a truck carrying chicken feed broke down and got stranded on the tracks at Mankapur railway crossing. The truck was coming from Saoner.Traffic on NH69 got disrupted and vehicles on both sides of the level crossing were stranded till 5pm. The traffic jam stretched for almost 2km on both the sides. The incident also delayed four superfast trains that were to pass through the level crossing.K Meshram, a gangman at Mankapur level crossing said that at around 2.50pm the truck coming from Koradi side broke down on the tracks. As the vehicle was carrying a heavy load, the two gangmen and a traffic cop deployed at the crossing couldn't push it off the tracks. Later on, a police crane was pressed into service. It took almost 45 minutes for the crane to remove the stranded truck from the tracks, said Mehsram.Even though the truck was removed from the tracks at around 3.45pm, vehicular traffic remained affected till 5pm. Railway police APSI, K S Thapa, reached the spot on being informed of the incident. He detained the truck for disrupting railway traffic.This is the third such incident in last 30 days, said Meshram. \"It would have taken hours to clear the track if the incident had occurred at night. But for the local residents, the truck would have remained stranded on the tracks for hours,\" remarked Meshram.Due to the incident several trains had to be detained. Interestingly, even though four express trains had to be detained, the senior railway officials took the whole issue lightly. \"The incident on Mankapur railway crossing has not disrupted railway traffic in any way. No trains were detained or delayed, nor has any railway property been damaged,\" said senior divisional operations manager, CR Satyendra Kumar.According to motorists who frequent this stretch, traffic jam at the busy Mankapur railway level crossing, has become a routine now. All this is happening due to the apathy of the railways and the traffic police authorities, they alleged.They said that the traffic jam is the worst during peak hours-8.30am to 10.30am and 4pm to 7pm. The snail paced traffic movement also creates a problem for other light vehicles as they get sandwiched between buses and trucks, which is an unsafe situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17056103", "title": "Will under-19 cricketers go from boys to men?", "text": "CHENNAI: The U-19 World Cup heroes have proved their mettle in age-group cricket, but now it's time for them to show they deserve to play with the big boys. For the likes of Tamil Nadu's B Aparajith and Delhi's Unmukt Chand , one good season will bring them into India reckoning.Unmukt, who made his domestic debut in 2010, has averaged 40.52 in the 13 matches he has played so far while Aparajith's debut season didn't go too well. The Chennai allrounder scored just 52 runs from four matches and couldn't hold on to his place as TN went on to play the final.\"It's a fresh start and I'm quite excited about the new Ranji season. After playing two Ranji seasons and several U-19 tournaments, I'm confident of having a good run,\" Unmukt told TOI on Thursday.Unmukt, who has become a regular in the Delhi Daredevils side, was impressive with the bat during the recently-concluded Champions League T20. The 19-year-old feels sharing the same dressing room with Virender Sehwag , Kevin Pietersen and David Warner has helped him mature as a batsman.\"I'm lucky to play with these great players. I'm going through a learning phase and their tips are a huge help. All of them have been very supportive,\" Unmukt explained.The youngster is already being compared to Virat Kohli. \"Virat is a source of inspiration and I look to learn from him. Emulating a player of his stature can happen later,\" Unmukt, who idolizes Sachin Tendulkar , said. For Aparajith, it's a matter of forgetting last year's first-class disappointment and looking ahead. \"I'm mentally in a better shape now. I've have done well at the junior level and gained a lot of experience. Playing in different conditions and facing different types of bowlers has made me a better player,\" Aparajith said.TN skipper L Balaji , who felt Aparajith was a little underprepared last season, believes the allrounder will come up with some good performances this time around. \"We all know he is a talented cricketer, now it's a matter of applying his talent and coming up with the goods,\" Balaji said.Other U-19 stars who will be keenly watched are Sandeep Sharma, the rightarm medium pacer from Punjab who was India's joint-highest wicket-taker at the U-19 World Cup, and Smit Patel, the wicketkeeper-batsman who scored a crucial unbeaten half-century and shared an unbeaten 113-run fifth wicket partnership with Unmukt to steer India to victory in the U-19 World Cup final. He will be Parthiv Patel's understudy in the Gujarat side. A lot of expected of Mumbai left-arm spinner Harmeet Singh too.Having done away with Elite and Plate divisions and having the 27 teams divided into three groups, each of the teams will get to play eight matches in the league phase. There will be 108 league matches and seven knockout games. After 115 matches over three months, involving 27 teams, we will have a winner just after the Republic Day next year. May the best team win.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17056061", "title": "Faizabad violence: Rashtriya Lok Dalslams UP govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) state president Munna Singh Chauhan on Thursday accused the ruling Samajwadi Party government of not doing enough to diffuse the communal tensions in Faizabad. Chauhan who had unsuccessfully contested assembly elections from Bikapur constituency in Faizabad added that it was because of the callous administration that led to the tension and subsequent imposition of curfew in the affected parts of the district.The party demanded an inquiry into the incident to be done by a retired judge of the high court and strict action be taken against those responsible for the communal strife. The party also demanded adequate compensation for the people affected by the communal tension. Communal riots broke out in Faizabad on October 24 during the idol immersion of goddess Durga, when two groups clashed with each other.Meanwhile, RLD state general secretary KK Tripathi informed that party's district vice-president in Ambedkarnagar, Shiv Narayan Singh has been elected as the chairman of Mehruva-Gola cooperative society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054725", "title": "F1 gone, foreign 'prostitutes' stay on", "text": "NEW DELHI: The F1 circus has moved on leaving behind tourists, some of them of the unwelcome kind. Delhi Police sources say a number of foreign prostitutes used the recent F1 race as a pretext to get tourist visas and are now plying their trade in the city. Among them are some who were caught earlier for prostitution and evicted from the country.The crime branch is learnt to have sent a list of all such women to the Delhi home department, the Union ministry of home affairs and the foreigner regional registration offices (FRRO), requesting that visas not be issued to them in future. Last year, the crime branch had busted four sex rackets around the F1 season. At least two gangs involved foreign nationals.\"We have found that the same girls are returning to the city to earn money. We want to ensure that, once sent out of India, they are not allowed in again without a background check,'' said a senior officer who is monitoring these cases.However, foreign policy experts say this decision will lead to an unnecessary row of the kind witnessed some time ago when women in the CIS countries protested against being generally labelled prostitutes and denied visa by Indian authorities. \"The Indian authorities should deal with the issue case by case,'' said an expert from JNU.This time, the Special Investigation Team of crime branch has reportedly busted a gang of CIS nationals who earned more than Rs 5 lakh a month by joining sex rackets with bases in south Delhi, Goa and Mumbai. Six women aged 23-28 were caught but investigators believe other women from the group are still active in Delhi.The pimp for the group reportedly married an Indian to remain in India and has spent three years in the city. \"The accused paid a rent of Rs 50,000 in GK-II, and Rs 30,000 each in Arjun Nagar and Safdarjung Enclave. The main accused has proper records with entries from 2009. We now have all the details about the movement of these call girls and how much they charge. They earn Rs 4-5 lakh a month,'' said a source.Sources said the group has learnt to evade police by soliciting directly through social networking sites and phones. They also don't involve Indian pimps or prostitutes to avoid sharing their profits. One of the accused, an Uzbek ballet dancer, allegedly charged more than Rs 50,000 a night after moving to the city from Dubai for better earnings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054113", "title": "Gujarat woman in Mumbai for business deal killed", "text": "MUMBAI: A 50-year-old woman from Gujarat who had come to Borivli (E) for a business deal has been kidnapped and murdered. Her decomposed body was found in Kanjurmarg on Wednesday.The local police and the crime branch have formed separate teams to trace the accused, all acquaintances of the victim Bharati Jaiswal.Bharati had come to the city on October 26 with her garment trader friend Jaydeep Patel. \"The duo arrived in Patel's car in the morning and met the four accused at night. But the meeting went awry and the two groups had a dispute,\" said deputy commissioner Pravin Patil. The accused then took Bharati and Patel to a room in Dindoshi, and thrashed them before taking away their belongings at knifepoint. However, Bharati soon succumbed to death due to suffocation.The four decided to dispose of her body.According to an official from the Kasturba Marg police station, Jaiswal's body was taken to Kanjurmarg in Patel's car and dumped near a service road off the Eastern Express Highway towards Thane. The accused then drove to Uttar Pradesh via Nashik. Patel, who was not aware of Bharati's death and kept asking the accused about her whereabouts, was told that she had been released.When the car reached Uttar Pradesh, Patel managed to free himself from his captors and escaped. He returned to Mumbai where he registered a complaint of kidnapping with the Kasturba Marg police on Tuesday. On Wednesday afternoon, the Kanjurmarg police found Bharati's body. The cops then added murder charge to the case.The victim was dressed in a black salwar and red kurta and her hands were tied with a yellow nylon cord. \"The Kanjurmarg cops sent wireless messages to all police stations about a body being found. By then, Bharati's son had come down from Gujarat to inquire about her disappearance. Our personnel took him to Kanjurmarg where he identified his mother's body on Thursday on the basis of what she was wearing. The body has been sent for an autopsy,\" said an official.The police are recording the statements of Patel and the victim's son, but the exact motive for the murder is still unclear. \"We suspect that the accused had a dispute with Jaiswal and Patel over monetary issues. There's a possibility that they wanted to recover some dues. Robbery is not being ruled out either,\" said an official. The police have got the names of all the accused. \"We have detained a common acquaintance of the accused and Jaiswal for questioning. This man acted as a facilitator for the business transaction,\" said a crime branch official. Also, police teams have been sent to Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17054808", "title": "LPG price hike a UPA 'gift' for women on Karva Chauth: Advani", "text": "SHIMLA: Senior BJP leader L K Advani on Thursday said that by increasing the price of non-subsidized LPG cylinders by a further Rs 26, the UPA government has given another \"gift\" to women ahead of Karva Chauth.He said the UPA government has miserably failed in curbing inflation.Addressing a public rally in Majra area of Nahan on Thursday in favour of BJP candidate and former health minister, Dr Rajeev Bindal, Advani said that UPA government has lost its relevance as there is no coordination among its ministers.As Nahan assembly constituency has sizeable number of Muslim votes, Advani was accompanied by BJP leader Shahnawaz Hussain, apparently to woo Muslim voters.\"Congress has always used Muslims as a vote bank, but never thought about their welfare,\" he said.Referring to the recent scams involving the UPA government \u00e2\u20ac\u201d like 2G, CWG and Coalgate \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he said these have maligned the country's image globally.Advani said that rising prices have made the life of common people miserable as running a kitchen has become a challenge. He blamed the wrong economic policies of the UPA government at the centre for the runaway inflation prevailing in the country.Lashing out at the UPA government, he said that during NDA regime, then Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee had extended special industrial package to Himachal Pradesh , but Congress-led UPA government, on coming to power, scrapped it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17055644", "title": "Two booked for wrongful restraint", "text": "MARGAO: The Maina Curtorim police on Thursday booked an offence against two persons-Xavier Fernandes and Minguel Fernandes, both residents of Raia-on charges of wrongfully restraining a panchayat secretary during the village gram sabha on Sunday.Acting on a complaint filed by the village sarpanch, Rumaldo Gonsalves, the police registered the offence against the two under Sections 353 and 427 of the IPC.Further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17056077", "title": "Tech-savvy women click online to break fast", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With their husbands away on work, many women living in the city will be relying on their webcams and smartphones to get in touch with their husbands to break their fast.Therefore, along with shopping for their Karwa \"thalis\" and fancy clothes, they have also been making sure that their laptops and computers are in working order.Sunita Singh, a resident of Sector 28 too has been using Skype to break her fast in her \"husband's presence\" for a while now. \"My husband is an Army officer and for the last six years, I have been breaking my fast through Skype. Thanks to technology, I can at least see my husband before breaking the fast,\" she said.Amisha Punn, a resident of Sector 35 said, \"My husband works for a multinational company in Pune and would not be able to come to Chandigarh this time, so I'll have no option but video chat for breaking the fast. Though my mother-in-law says that it's alright to break the fast without seeing the husband, it's my wish to see him before doing so.\" Manjali Gandhi, a resident of Sector 40, Chandigarh, who too is in a similar situation said, \"My husband is working for a multinational company and so most of the time he is abroad. Even now it has been two years since he has been away from home and so I use gmail video chat or Skype to get in touch with him. It is only after I talk to him that I break my fast. This time too I'll either talk to him through Skype.\"And it is not just Indian women who would be fasting and breaking their fast online. There are some foreigners too, who fascinated by the festival would be doing so. Mari Martin, who has come here from Afghanistan would be keeping a fasting and would use Skype to connect with her husband in Afghanistan to break her fast.\"I shifted to Chandigarh three years ago for my daughter's education and since then I have been keeping Karva Chauth fast for the long life of my husband. Even though in our country no one observes this fast, I was quite fascinated when I learnt about it. And as the fast is for the husband's well-being, so I thought I would keep it too,\" smiled Mari, who follows various rituals of the fast. However since her husband is in Afghanistan, she uses multimedia to see him and breaks her fast only after seeing the moon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17054013", "title": "'Srijani' launches exhibition of hand-woven products", "text": "PATNA: The art lovers of the city are in for a treat as Srijani, a group of women belonging to marginalized section of society, opened the three-day exhibition-cum-sale of their traditional and hand-woven products at Ashiana Nagar on Wednesday. From saris, home decor to stationary items, everything is on display wrapped in the culture of the state.Srijani director Veena Upadhyay said, \"Srijani products are expression of views of women who otherwise might have got lost in economic backwardness and patriarchal society. The products also attempt to revive the fast-eroding culture of the state with the advent of modernism.\"She said, \"Many of our saris are inspired from Mithilanchal art. While some depict the culture prevalent during the time of Lord Buddha, others are inspired by Madhubani paining.\" Upadhyay also showed cushion covers depicting the theme of Chhath festival. Saris made of cotton and tassar silk and the ones having Rajasthan's famous Dabu print are sure to catch the eyes of customers. The kurtis with applique work were also on display. The vegetable dyes were used in stoles. Beautiful bags, toys, accessories made of recycled silk, furniture made of bamboo, stationary products and home decor items displayed the craftsmanship of women artisans.Another very attractive item on display is what they called 'narratives'. They are embroidery on canvas, based either on some cultural theme or depicting the desires of a woman who aspires hard to realize her dreams. \"These narratives are the outcome of three levels of training given to women of Vaishali district,\" said Upadhyay. She said the products made by women were testimony to the fact that economic backwardness of women could surely be overcome if their hidden potential was properly harnessed.Srijani, which has already trained 123 women of the state, is currently teaching 45 women. Srijani has been invited to famous Artisans' gallery in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17056772", "title": "Congress\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Sattar is Nanded mayor, Chavan deputy", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Congress once again proved its supremacy in the Nanded Waghala Municipal Corporation, with its nominees Abdul Sattar and Anand Chavan being elected mayor and deputy mayor respectively on Thursday.Both Sattar and Chavan are considered close confidants of former chief minister Ashok Chavan , who had managed to retain his hold on the municipal corporation by winning 41 seats in the 81-member general body on October 15.Eleven members of the Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM), which along with two members of its ally, Samvidhan Party, abstained from voting, leaving the field open for the Shiv Sena-BJP combine to take on the Congress with just 16 votes at its disposal.Sattar and Chavan who bagged 52 votes each were declared elected for the respective posts by district collector Dheeraj Kumar, who acted as presiding officer. Sena candidate Balaji Kalyankar and BJP's Sudarshana Khombe received 16 votes each. Ten members of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the lone independent in the general body of 81, voted in favour the Congress nominee.City unit Congress general secretary Munna Abbas appreciated the NCP's gesture of extending its unconditional support to the Congress nominees in the mayoral election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17054887", "title": "HSIIDC gets 20% enhancement fee in Manesar", "text": "GURGAON: With the first phase of enhancement money collection in Manesar over, the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructural Development Corporation (HSIIDC) has recovered only 20% of the target amount. Senior officials told TOI that Rs 400 crore of enhancement money has been collected so far.Earlier this year, in accordance with a Supreme Court order, the corporation had paid Rs 1,500 crore to the district revenue officer, as compensation money for the local farmers. And it is this money, with 11% interest added to the amount, that the HSIIDC says is recoverable from IMT's plot owners in the form of enhancement fee. \"We had set an October 31 deadline for plot owners who wanted to make a down payment of their enhancement amount interest-free,\" said an official. Given the backdrop of protests and street demonstrations that have marred the marred the issue, the HSIIDC is seeing the amount recovered as a positive sign.Industry representatives, especially the local associations, have mounted a protest movement against enhancement fee, are also planning to take legal recourse to deal with the matter. \"We will take this to the court. We are also preparing a case against the HSIIDC at the Competition Commission of India,\" said Amina Sherwani of the Manesar Industrial Welfare Association. Plot owners, averse to paying the enhancement money, have called the corporation's demand unreasonable. \"They should use their own surplus funds to pay it. We don't have to pay the enhancement because the gap between the acquisition price and the sale price was already high,\" said an industrialist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17056060", "title": "National University Of Advanced Legal Studies mourns student\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s demise", "text": "KOCHI: On Thursday, National University Of Advanced Legal Studies (Nuals) campus wore a gloomy look as it had lost one of its brightest students in a bike accident on Wednesday. Teachers and students were shocked after hearing about the accident.\"He was a bright student. It was a shock for us when we heard about the incident. He was a cool guy who was full of of energy,\" said his teacher Abhaya Chandran. Vyshak was one of the best students in the campus who had a craze for bikes and sports.\"Apart from good academic records, he had a zest for sports. He was the gold medal winner in snooker contest held as part of national inter-law university championship,\" he said.Vyshak used to come to campus on his Enfield. \"He was interested in learning new things. He was a very friendly person,\" said student councilor Tony Philip.Nuals also organized a meeting to condole the death of Vyshak on Thursday.Vyshak was killed in the wee hours of Wednesday when his bike rammed the median at Edapally. He was riding an imported model of Yamaha R1, which costs around Rs 15 lakh. Vyshak had borrowed the 1000 cc bike, having Goa registration, from his friend Anand Mohan of Thiruvananthapuram.Speed thrills, but killsJust three seconds and the speedometer will touch 100 kmph. It is this thrill that killed Vyshak, who was riding at a speed of 200 kmph when the accident occurred. According to police, the youngster failed to negotiate the small curve on the road and rammed the median.\"In my 31 years of service, I have not seen a bike such a bike accident. We can literally carry the parts of the bike in a sack. The impact of the collision was so huge as the bike was travelling at a speed of 200 kmph,\" said traffic sub inspector V M Nandakumar.Traffic assistant commissioner K S Baby Vinod said the power and speed of these superbikes should not be tested on our roads.\"It is not illegal to ride such bikes on our roads. But youngsters who use superbikes tend to check speed. While the permissible speed limit of motorcycles is 50 kmph, youngsters vroom through the roads on superbikes at a speed of 100 to 150 kmph,\" he said.Police said they had asked the owner of the bike to submit the original registration and insurance documents. \"So far they have not turned up at the station. We have registered a case,\" police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17054854", "title": "These kids catch their robots young", "text": "GURGAON: The obscure, yet alluring science of robotics holds a place slightly aloof from the other scientific disciplines. This is where science can really be seen in action. And, with such emphasis on robots and 'humanoids' in popular cultures and comic books worldwide, it is no wonder that it starts appealing to students from a very young age. One enthusiast Pradyuman Mehta, for instance, started dabbling in robotics at the age of seven. \"I made my first robot back then,\" he said. However, 'back then' isn't old enough to evoke a feeling of nostalgia in a student who will turn 12 next month.In the last four or so years he has grown quite a lot as an architect of toy-robots. The autonomous mobile systems that he now designs, using special student kits, can also turn left and right using a gear system. \"Unlike others, I decided to attach three-wheels to it, instead of four. So it can turn around easily,\" Pradyuman said, with his machine, leashed on a wired controller, in front of him. He, along with some 500 students from various schools across North India, participated in the Inter-school Robotics Challenge 2012, organized on Wednesday at The Shri Ram School.Beginnings, in the field of robotics, are very humble. And understandably the young enthusiasts, who gathered inside the school's auditorium for the tournament, had nothing on display that really dazzled the onlooker. Here the machines were simple, designed at short notice, and programmed to work around a set of obstacles placed on the 'challenge arena.'Prateek Sharma, 16, with his teammates, used infra-red sensors for his robot. \"This thing turns around at the edge of any platform on itself, simply by sensing depth,\" he said. Prateek is a student of Insraprastha International School, and has in the past participated in seven such tournaments. Already an expert %in handling robo-kits, and fluent in computer programming %languages, Prateek is now developing his own credo for successful robot design. \"For a good %design, you don't have to think how the bot will solve a given problem. You have to think like you are the bot.\"This robo-rage, at least in Indian schools, has been a fairly recent phenomenon. According to the organizers, 60 different schools participated for this year's robotics challenge. \"This is the fourth year of the tournament. In the first year, we got some 10 schools to participate. The next year was some 20 or 25. So every year has seen the level of interest in robotics go up,\" said Tarun Bhalla, CEO, Building Blocks, the organizer of the event.And it isn't just the schools in Delhi or Gurgaon. Anurag Panchal is an eleventh standard student in Raunaq Public School, which is situated in the small city of Ganaur in Sonipat district. \"We take separate lessons in robotics after school. I have always been interested in the subject,\" said Anurag, a budding engineer. He came with his two schoolmates, carrying a bot that took 'just a few days to finish'.These young mechanical wizards don't see toy-bots as an idle pastime, a stand-in for video-games or cricket. It was evident by the enthusiasm in the auditorium that most of them harbour dreams to make it big in the world of science and engineering, and see toy-robotics as a valuable foundation. The 12-year-old Pradyuman, his bout of 'challenge' now over and his three-wheeled bot now at rest, has, like others, very specific aims. \"I want to be an engineer and I want to work with Apple. I know it's tough, but I am aiming for Apple.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17055646", "title": "Segregation at source is critical", "text": "BANGALORE: The past eight weeks have been an eye-opener to anyone who lives in the Garden City or has passed through our, now, Garbage City which has over 20,000 tonnes of mixed waste strewn all over.What can we do to partner towards a clean city? Segregating waste at source is critical. Once you segregate 750 gms to 900 gms of green kitchen waste per day per person, you can easily compost that either in a khamba, or earthen pot, or aggregate that waste from apartments and do it collectively.Realty apex body Credai took up this issue with members and many apartment complexes are coming together to segregate and process wet and green waste. They've initiated a process to recycle dry waste by tying up with NGOs and organizations in the vicinity.Industry bodies want to become zero garbage campuses and treat their waste within their facility. Some organisations like Britannia have become zero-waste facilities by recycling all the waste they generate. Biocon and Bosch will shortly follow suit. City Connect and various organizations plan to adopt neighbourhoods and convert them into zero-garbage zones.Simple ramps to wheel trolleys, bins to store segregated waste, sheds to sort and store, and facilities and infrastructure to process wet waste are all that's needed.Begin with an audit to understand your waste and plan and invest in the appropriate processing capability. Imagine if all industries, campuses, apartment blocks, commercial establishments processed municipal solid waste as they do their industrial and other waste... We'll minimize the load on the city's processing units.The city needs to invest in decentralised processing solutions, so we don't ferry over 4,000 tonnes of waste generated every day to neighbouring villages, and hence minimise waste getting dumped into landfills or open quarries.The BBMP notification of October 1 treats anyone who generates more than 10kg per day as a bulk generator. Hence, apartments, hotels, offices, restaurants, schools, etc. have to handle their waste themselves. Segregation at source is also mandated.The ministry environment and forests and the Supreme Court have laid out rules and guidelines. Like rain-water harvesting is an essential pre-requisite, as is an STP, so should SWM (solid waste management) and the facilities and infrastructure to collect, manage, store and process waste we generate.There are easy solutions but the theory of 'one size fits all' won't work. There are technologies and size and price options, both for composting and biogas. All of us contribute to waste generation, individually and collectively, daily. Therefore, we have a serious responsibility to be an active player in responsible waste management.Kalpana Kar(The writer is an expert in solid waste management)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17054383", "title": "Govt shying away from RTI query on Ganga funds?", "text": "VARANASI: The Ganga Maha Sabha, an organisation working for the cause of River Ganga has accused the central government of not providing desired and complete information sought under the RTI Act.\"We made a second appeal when we were not provided complete information the first time. But we were denied the information the second time too,\" said Acharya Jitendra, the general secretary of Ganga Maha Sabha.The Ganga Maha Sabha in its first appeal dated August 8, 2012 sought three-point information. The first was to provide the copies of government orders (GOs) issued on the basis of the decisions taken in the three meetings of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) under the chairmanship of the Prime Minister on October 5, 2009, November 1, 2010 and April 17, 2012.The second appeal was to provide the copy of the GO that assigned the task of cleaning the Ganga to National Mission for Clean Ganga (NMGC), while the third point was regarding funds provided to NGRBA for the conservation and cleaning of the river since 2009.According to Acharya, in his first appeal, he received information on August 23, 2012 about the funds sanctioned and released to different states for the implementation of NGRBA projects, and the decisions taken in the three meetings of NGRBA. \"The ministry did not provide copies of GOs that we had applied for,\" he said, wondering why the government is hesitating in providing the GO copies.He said instead of giving the copies of the GO for affixing responsibility of Ganga cleaning to NMCG, the ministry responding to the second appeal (dated September 19, 2012), provided the copy of memorandum of association of the NMCG, a registered society formed for the implementation of work programmes of NGRBA.It may be mentioned here that The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) had approved the Ministry of Environment and Forests' proposal for 'World Bank assistance to NGRBA for abatement of pollution of river Ganga' at an estimated cost of Rs 7000 crore.The World Bank Board has also accorded approval to this project and the loan agreement with World Bank was signed on June 14, 2011. The World Bank will support the Government of India by providing technical assistance and financing of USD 1 billion (approx Rs 4600 crore). To facilitate project implementation project and monitoring, NMGC, a registered society, was formed at the central level.According to the memorandum of association of NMCG, besides many other works, the NMCG would implement the work programme of NGRBA and the World Bank-supported NGRBA projects, coordinate and oversee the implementation of projects sanctioned by MoEF and NGRBA, and undertake any additional work or functions as may be assigned by MoEF.The governing council, which is vested with overall management of the society, is headed by the secretary, MoEF, and the other 12 members include secretaries, additional secretaries, principal secretaries of different ministries and state governments, and chairman of Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB).Besides, the governing council may co-opt up to three experts as members in addition to these members. \"We also want to know whether the government officials in service can be made members of a registered society or NGO,\" said Acharya.According to the information provided under RTI Act, the centre has sanctioned Rs 2598.47 crore out of which an amount of Rs 492.06 has been released to different states for the implementation of NGRBA projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056352", "title": "Keeping fit is Sukhwinder\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s way of life", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sukhwinder Singh Sukhi feels that exercise makes his day successful. That is the reason why this 50-year-old agriculturist has an enviable physique, which he maintains by working out in his home gym.\"Exercising is more important for me than food. I have had a gym in my house for more than 10 years but it is not the only source of exercise. My motive is fitness and not bodybuilding. As you grow older, you start thinking more about fitness,\" said Sukhi.A sports enthusiast since his college days, Sukhi used to play basketball and tennis which he still plays and prefers as a mode of keeping fit. \"I have a tennis court in my house and a basketball ring. Along with this, I have my free-weights. I used to lift weights six days in a week at one point in my life and played basketball. But now I only use the gym three to four times a week.\"Preferring free-weights to machines, his gym in his South City house, is full of dumbbells and weight-sets along with a multi-gym, though he is planning to buy a treadmill in some time. Though he confesses that he is not a fan of professional bodybuilding, he sponsors a local bodybuilding meet every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054297", "title": "Aid fails to bail out acid attack victim", "text": "MUMBAI: The abundant generosity shown by Mumbaikars in funding the treatment of Jharkhand acid attack victim Sonali Mukherjee is yet to bring results. The Delhi hospital where she is being treated is allegedly forcing her to foot the bill for medication, dietary supplements and transportation, all of which was factored into the cost of treatment.On Thursday, Sonali Mukherjee was in Mumbai to thank the NGO Beti that had raised Rs 15 lakh for her reconstructive surgery at B L Kapoor Hospital in New Delhi.That was when her benefactors learnt that no surgery has been performed since August. \"We had been promised that the next operation would take place mid-September. On Thursday, I spoke to her doctor and he said they would do so within a week,\" said Anu Ranjan who runs the NGO. She had raised Rs 12 lakh for the cause in a single day. The NGO feels responsible to donors, including diamond merchant Mehul Choksi, director Ramesh Taurani and actor Juhi Chawla among others. \"I hope Mukherjee receives proper treatment that was promised her and that the funds transferred to the hospital are used in a transparent manner,\" said Anu's husband Shashi Ranjan.Dr Sanjeev Bagai is CEO and dean of Radiant Lifecare which manages B L Kapoor Hospital. He told TOI, \"It takes four to eight weeks between surgeries. Mukherjee's treatment is free and she is not under medication so there is no question of charging her. We have received Rs 13.5 lakh from the NGO and are awaiting Rs 7-8 lakh more. Two lakhs have been promised by a Canadian talk show but that is all.\"However, Bagai admitted that several donors in Delhi had come forward to help her in person. \"I do not know the details of their contribution. The case has become so high-profile that Sonali even shot for a popular game show with Amitabh Bachchan on Wednesday. The money from that will flow into her personal account. She has enough money to travel by taxi if she chooses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17055651", "title": "'Clear Colvale of illegal scrapyards'", "text": "MAPUSA: Colvale residents have demanded that illegal scrapyards should be immediately cleared from their village. After strong apprehensions raised by villagers, the panchayat body along with Bardez joint mamlatdar Anish Prabhudessai conducted an inspection of the scrapyards on Thursday.The officials took down the names of all the scrapyards in the village and their current operation.The villagers alleged that there are a total of 48 scrapyards in the village, out of which four have valid licences while the legality of another four is to be decided by the court. The recent gram sabha of Colvale village resolved to oppose granting of any permission to scrapyards.They had also demanded that all illegal scrapyards be cleared from the village. Accordingly, the inspection was fixed for the purpose.\"Colvalkars are now referred to as the 'scrapkars'. The village is turning out into a scrapyard zone. There are as many as 48 huge scrapyards in the village, 40 of which are illegal,\" said Prakash Malvankar, a villager.\"They have been given permissions by the panchayat to operate in an area of 4x4 sq m each but they have captured areas over 400 sq m and the panchayat has been turning a blind eye to this,\" said Ritesh Varkhandkar, a local.\"There is also a problem of child labour who are being employed inside these scrapyards,\" said Ankush Shirodkar, another villager.Residents say that scrapyards have come up in the village over the past two decades and are rapidly increasing in number allegedly with the blessings of politicians.\"Over the last four years, we have been fighting against illegal scrapyards. The panchayat should at least act now, otherwise we will be forced to take law into our hands,\" said Varkhandkar.\"The inspection is being conducted as per the demand of the recent gram sabha. A detailed report will be prepared and will be sent to the mamlatdar and higher authorities to initiate action,\" Colvale sarpanch Nilam Naik told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17056715", "title": "Sleuths unable to track assets of NC Hills scam kingpin", "text": "GUWAHATI: The vigilance and anti-corruption wing of Assam Police is finding it hard to track down the huge amount of money and assets belonging to the prime accused in the NC Hills multi-crore scam, R H Khan, that are hidden in several locations.Following inputs, anti-corruption sleuths raided two places on Wednesday night but it ended in a wild goose chase. The two places raided simultaneously by the sleuths were the house of one Hari Borah at Borbari area and the plot of Nur Islam at Satgaon area of the city. However, nothing was found in the raids.\"We have information about the locations where R H Khan might have hidden his black money and on the basis of these leads, we made the last two raids. We have to act according to inputs but one can't expect success in every move. We have more information and we should hit upon something concrete soon,\" said a senior official of the anti-corruption wing. Both the Wednesday operations were meticulous \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the sleuths stripped the walls, floors and even opened septic tanks during the searches.Sources said that Hari Borah had bought the raided property some six months ago from a businessman who was close to R H Khan. \"No incriminatory evidence was found from the house of Islam. We interrogated both of them,\" added the source.Earlier, in August, the anti-corruption wing had raided the Tarun Nagar residence of R H Khan. With the NIA and the CBI bringing him to book, the court of special judge, Assam, issued a search warrant against him in connection with a corruption case. The CBI charged Khan with misappropriation of funds allotted for the social welfare department of the hills district.Khan, who has been lodged in Central Jail, Guwahati, since 2009, was arrested by NIA when his role in siphoning off several crores of public funds to Dimasa militants was detected by the investigation agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17053767", "title": "Indian challenge ends at world junior badminton championships", "text": "NAGPUR: Pratul Joshi fought gallantly for over an hour but could not get the better of powerful Korean Kwang Hee Heo in the boys singles pre-quartefinals of the BWF World Junior Badminton Championships at Chiba, Japan on Thursday.With Pratul's narrow three-game loss, the Indian challenge came to an abrupt end in the annual tournament. Pratul's teammate Harsheel Dani also suffered a three-game defeat against seeded Malaysian Teck Zhi Soo in 52 minutes.Rohit Yadav found wanting against talented Chinese Xue Song and bowed out in straight games.The only remaining boys doubles pair of B Venkatesh and Santosh Ravuri too could not progress beyond last 16 stage.RESULTS (All pre-quarterfinals)Boys singles: Harsheel Dani lost to Teck Zhi Soo (MAS) 13-21, 21-19, 15-21; C Rohit Yadav lost to Xue Song (CHN) 10-21, 12-21; Pratul Joshi lost to Kwang Hee Heo (KOR) 22-20, 16-21, 16-21.Boys doubles: B Venkatesh-Santosh Ravuri lost to Yilu Wang-Liu Yuchen (CHN) 6-21, 13-21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055856", "title": "Madhyamik hurdle for Mamata's panchayat poll plans", "text": "KOLKATA: The February 25 Madhyamik examinations stand between the completion of electoral roll revision and chief minister Mamata Banerjee's intent to hold panchayat elections by January-February 2013.What's more, the Election Commission has extended the deadline for fresh applications for inclusion in the voters' list to November 8. The final voter list will now be published on January 5, instead of January 2, as declared earlier. The state will need at least 25-45 days to complete the process leading to declaration of the election notification. Due to the Madhyamik exams, the election process has to be completed by February 20 because of the high court ban on the use of loudspeakers.It will be touch-and-go for the state election commission if it is to keep up with the chief minister's February deadline.On October 25, the ECI had said that the deadline for roll revision has been extended to November 8 because of the eight public holidays in October.The ECI's order came after a Left Front delegation met the CEC on October 23 to say that a sizeable section of the voters will be unable to meet the October 31 deadline.CPM leader Rabin Deb said: \"We are appalled by the fact that even though the ECI issued the notification on extending the deadline, the state CEO has done nothing to inform the public. Instead, it is giving misleading and erroneous public advertisements. One such ad on Wednesday said the roll revision would be in October 2013! They are working at the behest of the Trinamool Congress government.\"The reason for Deb's anguish against the state government is due to their earlier insistence to ECI to suspend the electoral roll revision in Bengal for sometime and allow it to go-ahead with the panchayat elections as per the 2012 electoral roll data. The EC turned down the request questioning the state government's motive.Panchayat elections do not follow the pattern of Lok Sabha or assembly polls. Here the voter list needs to be \"adopted\" by the state election commission and a list of atleast 900 voters per booth has to be prepared and displayed.As per the 2008 panchayat election data, there were 51,919 booths in 36,000 polling premises. The polling premises are slated to increase to 41,000 this time around.If the final list is declared by January 5, 2013, it needs to be further tabulated for the panchayat polls and listed for the 41,000 polling premises. The recently passed amendments by the Mamata Banerjee government on reservation for SC/ST, backward classes and women also have to be incorporated.The state election commission will be left with 45 days between January 5, 2013, and February 20, 2013, if the Madhyamik schedule is unaltered. Leave out the Sundays, and there are 38 working days. If you feel it is still manageable, then consider this - most of the people engaged for the ECI work are the same schoolteachers who have to double up as invigilators for the Madhyamik examinations. It seems tough for the government to meet the February 2013 deadline, as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055732", "title": "Calangute local arrested with 320gm ganja", "text": "PANAJI: A resident of Calangute was allegedly caught with 320 gm of ganja on Thursday.Acting on a tip-off, the Calangute police conducted a raid at Khobrawado, Calangute, and allegedly caught Tyrone Nazareth red-handed with 320 gm of ganja worth 7,000 and seized cash of 37,800 from him. Calangute police have registered an offence under Section 20(b) (ii) (a) of the NDPS Act 1985. He has been placed under arrest and police are conducting further investigations.Tyrone had earlier been caught in a similar drug case by the anti-narcotics cell, Panaji , in 2009 and an offence registered against him under Sections 20 (b), 21 (a) of NDPS Act 1985. He was also arrested by the Mapusa police in a similar offence, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054719", "title": "Students\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 bid to take out rally foiled", "text": "HYDERABAD: Violence erupted in Osmania University on Andhra Pradesh Formation Day on Thursday with students attempting to take out a rally from the main gate of the campus to NTR Garden to protest against the state government's official celebrations. About 50 students under the banner of OU Telangana Students' Joint Action Committee (OU-TSJAC) fought a pitched battle with the police and paramilitary forces stationed at the NCC gate till afternoon. Two student leaders were reportedly injured in tear gas shelling.Trouble started at around 11 am when about 10 students gathered at the NCC gate of the campus shouting slogans in support of Telangana. The mob turned violent within minutes as more students residing in campus hostels joined them. As stone pelting started in no time, the police retaliated with tear gas shelling. While the students managed to remove the barricades twice during the day, the police personnel managed to retain the cordon around OU. Earlier, police stopped vehicles from passing through OU to prevent any untoward incidents. However, heavy downpour dampened students' spirit and put a spanner in their day-long protest plan.The stand-off lasted for a few hours as students were forced to retreat towards the ladies hostel. With the mob growing in strength near the ladies hostel, officials resorted to mild lathicharge. The intensity of violence came down by afternoon but students gathered at the B Hostel around 2 pm and raised slogans against police. Several students were reportedly arrested and removed from the spot to prevent escalation of violence.Protesting students said people from Telangana refer to the AP Formation Day as the day of betrayal of the Telangana cause. \"When the sentiments of people from the region are at stake, the state should have desisted from conducting an official function this year. As people from the region are demanding separate statehood, the state government should not have hurt their sentiments by celebrating the AP formation day,\" said M Krishank, spokesperson, OU-JAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17056665", "title": "Global meet on law, religion from November 24", "text": "MANGALORE: For the first time in undivided Dakshina Kannada district, a city-based law college will host a conference in association with a foreign university. SDM Law College and Centre for Postgraduate Studies and Research in Law in association with Ghent University, Belgium, will hold the four-day conference, beginning November 24, on rethinking of religion and law in India.This is the fourth of such international conferences. While the first conference was held in Delhi, the last conference was held in the Czech Republic. This conference is useful for law students in this region because they do not get many opportunities to attend conferences related to law. The presence of only four law colleges in the two coastal districts minimises opportunities to take part in academic events of this nature.Apart from delegates of different Indian universities, delegates from 22 foreign universities will be taking part. Students, research scholars and teaching faculties will discuss topics ranging from conflicts related to religion in India to religious and traditional values to diverse aspects of religion and laws related to different religions.BK Ravindra, principal of SDM Law College, told TOI that the aim of organising the conference is to provide better understanding of Indian culture, religion and laws to foreign students.Eminent personalities like former chief justice of Punjab Rama Jois, Member of Parliament Ram Jethmalani will take part in the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17055523", "title": "Post reshuffle, battle lines redrawn", "text": "JAIPUR: Battle lines have been redrawn between the state's two most powerful Jat families, that of late Nathuram Mirdha and of late Ram Niwas Mirdha. The bitter rivalry between the two families that dates back to the 1970s has already drawn first blood\u00e2\u20ac\u201ddenial of ministerial berth to Nagaur MP Jyoti Mirdha, the granddaughter of Nathuram Mirdha.And the gladiator getting ready from the Ram Niwas Mirdha family is none other than Divya Maderna, the granddaughter of the late leader's son Harendra Mirdha's father-in-law Parasram Maderna.Mysteries of the union cabinet reshuffle held on Sunday are gradually getting deciphered. Congress sources confirmed that it was the simmering rivalry between the two Mirdha families that set the stage for the last minute political maneuvering, resulting in the Nagaur MP conceding ground to Jaipur Rural MP Lal Chand Kataria and the state getting a bonus minister in Jodhpur MP Chandresh Kumari.A month ago when the Nagaur MP's name appeared among the probable Congress leaders from Rajasthan who could get a chance to represent the state's politically influential Jat community, the news ruffled a few feathers in the Marwar region. Local Congressmen and community members dismayed over Jyoti's alleged long absences from the constituency voiced their concerns with the party leadership.A section of the Jats as well as the Bishnois from the region were already piqued with the Congress state leadership over the Bhanwari Devi kidnap and murder episode that led to the arrest of party's legislators Malkhan Singh and Mahipal Maderna last year. The opposition BJP had been attempting to get Maderna's wife Leela and daughter Divya to its fold. \"The Madernas were uneasy that while they were left to fend for themselves, the party was promoting the family's competitors,\" a Congressman close to the family said.Testing times drew the families of Madernas and Mirdhas (Ram Niwas) towards the rising local opposition against the Nagaur MP. \"A firm message was conveyed to the party high command that any promotion to Jyoti Mirdha was unacceptable to the extent that Divya might switch over to the BJP and the loyalists of late Ram Niwas Mirdha would support her,\" a well-placed Congress source said.The party high command, it is believed, dropped the Nagaur MP's candidature realising that it could ill afford a drift among its Jat voters. The party, instead, settled for Jaipur Rural MP Lal Chand Kataria, a close relative of Richpal Mirdha, the nephew of late Nathuram Mirdha.At the same time, the Congress high command gave a cabinet berth to the Jodhpur MP to send across its 'reply message' to the Marwar Jats. \"Cabinet post for Chandresh Kumari has a bigger message for the Jats than for the Rajputs; the party wants the Jats to get it clear that it was no longer averse to promoting their rivals, the Rajputs, in Marwar,\" said a Congress office-bearer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17056079", "title": "Get ready for fluctuation in your power bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: You are unlikely to receive an inflated electricity bill in the month of November despite the hike in the power tariff. Reason: The software that generates electricity bills has not been updated accordingly. As a result, the new electricity charges or the electricity duty will come into play in the next month. However, the bill that you would receive in December is likely to be a heavy one, as the updated software will generate the bills with arrears of two months.The UP Electricity Regulatory Commission ( UPERC) had ordered a hike in power tariff rates on October 19 with retrospective effect from October 1. While, the domestic consumers were not brought in the ambit of the hike, the industries saw a hike by around 30%-65% in their tariff structure. The overall increase in the tariff was accounted at 20%.Likewise, the electricity duty was raised from 9 paise per unit to 5%-7.5% of the electricity charge depending upon the type of consumer. Almost 5% will be charged on domestic consumers, while 7.5% will be charged on the industrial and commercial consumers, effectively hiking the duty from eight paise per unit to 20 paise per unit.However, with UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) unable to get its bill generating software updated, the bills will continue to get evaluated on previous electricity charges as well as the electricity duty. Managing director, AP Mishra confirmed that new bills are unlikely to be evaluated according to the new tariff rates because the software is yet to be updated.The lapse has sent alarm bells ringing among the UPPCL top-brass, which has been expecting a rise in revenue because of the increase in tariff. According to UPPCL sources, the utility was expecting a rise of around Rs 200 crore in its revenue recovery given an average 20% rise in power tariff.But, with the dipping demand leading to less consumption of power in October and even in November, revenue recovery is unlikely to keep pace. In fact, according to the projections of different distribution companies, the actual revenue recovery is likely to miss the target by over Rs 300 crore for the month of October. The UPPCL had set a target of Rs 1,733 crore for the month, against which the distribution companies said that they would be able to recover Rs 1,423 crore.On October 27, Mishra sent a cover note to all distribution companies suggesting that the bill generation be accorded due priority. The MD cautioned that the billing comes under the ambit of audit and hence it will be the responsibility of the concerned engineer if any bill is generated at an under-charged rate. Higher revenue would have given an added advantage to UPPCL, which sought to buy power from various sources during the festival season. This is likely to get constrained. Mishra, however, affirmed that the corporation will be trying to tap as many consumers, especially in rural areas to raise its coffers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17054157", "title": "Church leaders now lend an ear to LGBT", "text": "CHENNAI: Many traditional religious leaders may consider homosexuality a sin, but some churches are making efforts to understand the concerns of sexual minorities. The discussion gathered force in Chennai on Thursday when church leaders met representatives of sexual minority groups, taking forward efforts at finding common ground, which began sometime ago.This April, the National Council of Churches in India (NCCI) circulated two documents on a study it had done to understand sexuality in a way that would not condemn people with different sexual orientations. NCCI asked the churches to study the scriptures and find Biblical passages to support its understanding of human sexuality so that lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgenders aren't termed sinners. It then compiled the findings.\"'The Ecumenical Document on Human Sexuality' and 'Public and Sensual', a Bible study booklet which will help churches understand what the Bible says about human sexuality, were received in the NCCI general assembly held this April in Bangalore,\" said Rev Asir Ebenezer, finance secretary, NCCI. Copies were circulated to all churches, and the documents will be revised after feedback is received. Ebenezer was in Chennai for a three-day national-level consultation to review HIV/AIDS programmes in churches and sensitise clergymen.NCCI, an umbrella organisation for Protestant and Orthodox Churches in India, represents 13 million Christians across the country. The organization commissioned the study following the 2009 Delhi High court verdict that decriminalised homosexuality. It was a verdict that many churches did not concur with. \"They felt it was wrong according to the scripture, but since the verdict empowered people with different sexual orientations, we commissioned the study,\" said Ebenezer.At Thursday's session on 'Key Affected People: Voices the Church Must Hear', both church leaders and representatives of sexual minority groups exchanged views. \"The church doesn't get a chance to hear the voices of sexual minorities. They don't approach traditional religious leaders as they will be considered 'sinners',\" said Fr Philip Kuruvilla, general coordinator, Ecumenical Solidarity for HIV/AIDS.While the churches have begun addressing these issues, they are still sensitive topics, say clergymen. \"Attitudes to tricky issues like sexuality will take generations, not years, to change,\" said Rev Dr Daniel Premkumar. \"But we are growing in terms of understanding.\"Sexual minorities made their voices heard at the session. \"All religions talk about honesty but when I am honest and open about my sexuality, you don't respect it,\" said Sunil Menon, founder of Sahodaran, a male sexual health project. He was talking about the discrimination faced by gays.Abina Aher, a transgender activist from Delhi, spoke about the violence perpetrated against people of her community and stressed on the need for sensitization. \"Transgenders and gays know they are different and suffer from low self-esteem, which is why there are more suicide attempts among them,\" she said.This is where religious organisations can lend a hand. \"Churches can play a major role in changing the mentality of the people by talking about the issues in their sermons,\" said Kousalya of the Network for Positive Women.Winds of change are setting in. \"Some churches have opened their doors to transgenders. In Tamil Nadu, one transgender has been theologically educated and is waiting to be ordained,\" said Ebenezer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054814", "title": "Stone pelted at channel's office", "text": "MUMBAI: Supporters of the Republican Party of India (RPI) on Thursday afternoon hurled a stone at the office of a popular TV channel at Vile Parle (E) in an effort to force them to oust cartoonist Aseem Trivedi from the channel's reality show.Trivedi was embroiled in a controversy earlier this year over his cartoons, which allegedly insulted the national emblem. Two supporters had filed separate cases against the cartoonist in Mumbai and Bheed.RPI leaders had objected to the channel's decision to include Trivedi in the show. RPI leaders had met representative of the channel, who said they did not intend to hurt anyone's sentiments and would consider the party's request. Trivedi and other participants have since been locked in a house and their every action is captured on camera and telecast on the entertainment channel.The Vile Parle police have registered a rioting offence against the eight persons who arrived at the channel's office on bikes and pelted a stone at the building. An officer said, \"We are yet to establish the identity of the attackers.\" Cops said that they were unaware about that the RPI activists' plan to protest against the channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053898", "title": "After Nooriya Havelivala incident, cops work on ways to ensure \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsober\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 driving in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven months after an inebriated Alistair Pereira ran over seven persons on Carter Road, the police launched their anti-drunk driving campaign in June 2007; the drive slackened a bit in 2009, but the Nooriya Havelivala incident prompted the police to re-launch the campaign with renewed vigour, this time, with new strategies to nail drunk motorists. Since 2007, the police have booked 84,615 drivers.\"We carry out surprise checks and change the timings and locations of our nakabandis. We have asked bar and pub owners to screen patrons and stop them from driving if they are too slosh-ed,\" said joint commissioner (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar. The patron can, instead, take help from a chauffeur provided by the hotel/pub or hire one from a private agency.\"We are procuring more breath-analyzers. Creating awareness about the dangers of drunk driving is one of our objectives. Our personnel visit colleges, roping in students for the drive. They stand at busy junctions, holding placards against drunk driving. Peekay mat chala, an anthem composed by mass media students of Wilson College, has taken the internet by storm,\" Phansalkar added. Other initiatives include counselling sessions for BEST drivers, street plays and awareness programmes for truck drivers.While all the efforts are commendable, drunk driving has still caused five fatal accidents this year. \"It's not possible to check every drunk driver. The city guzzles around 1 lakh litre alcohol daily. But our efforts have helped to contain the menace,\" said a senior officer.The traffic cops have also learnt to deal with the offenders more strictly, after a motorist sent a proxy to court. \"We have made it compulsory that the offender will have to produce photo identity proof in court,\" said the officer.To make the punishments stricter, the Union cabinet has also given the nod for a rise in penalties for flouting traffic rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055571", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation slaps 1-lakh fine on octroi evader", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) octroi department has slapped a fine of Rs 1 lakh on a consignment of liquor being carried in a van without paying octroi.A Maruti van, MH-15 DC 4658, carrying 37 boxes of liquor collectively worth Rs 1.5 lakh was caught by the deputy commissioner (octroi) Haribhau Phadol and his staff at the Pune octroi post at 3.30pm on Wednesday. Phadol said he received a tip-off about the likelihood of the driver trying to escape the octroi post and thus could reach on time to prevent it from happening.\"The vehicle was filled with liquor boxes from Palse and I was informed about it. The liquor was being transported to Ashish Wines at Indiranagar,\" said Phadol.He added some days back another vehicle, MH-15 BX 9513, transporting wine to Om Wines at Nashik Road was caught by the octroi department. \"The vehicle caught last week had material worth Rs 1.45 lakh and we slapped a fine of Rs 1.1 lakh,\" said Phadol.Phadol said it is difficult to prevent traders from evading octroi, but the drive will continue. He added that he has also had to deal with threats at times.The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), which is in power in the NMC, had announced cancellation of privatization of octroi collection and directed the NMC administration to start octroi recovery on its own. Officials said octroi collection had increased by 34% ever since this was done since May 19 this year. They pointed out that the NMC had also earned revenue of Rs 1 crore by imposing fine on octroi evasion.Phadol said around 1,030 cases of octroi theft were registered during the last four months . From October 16 to 28, around 30 cases of octroi evasion were registered and revenue amounting to Rs 5.6 lakh was recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17055519", "title": "Conman posing as IAS officer lands in cop net", "text": "JAIPUR: Almost a week after a man posing an IAS officer working with the Prime Minister's Office conned Rs 5 lakh from a city lawyer on the pretext of getting him a job of legal advisor, Jaipur police has arrested the fraudster from Bhopal.\"He is a big fraud. He owns a vehicle which on which it is written 'Government of India, Prime Minister Office'. Our team has also found fake identity cards, visiting cards, passes of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha ,\" B L Soni, commissioner of police said on Thursday.While cheating the city lawyer, the accused had also stated that his job at the PMO was that of a programme officer.In the investigation so far, it was also found that Bhopal police had registered cases of arms act and rape against the accused.\"During his one-month stay in Bhopal, he had also conned a sarpanch of a village on the pretext of doing them some favour from The PMO and had charged Rs 2 lakh,\" a senior police officer said.It may be recalled that the accused met the lawyer and after winning his confidence asked a sum of Rs 15 lakh for a job in a big company as legal advisor.The officer said he would be presented before a local court on Friday. \"We are aiming to take him in police remand to find out if he made more victims in the city or even in the state,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "17055724", "title": "Trinamool leader held for murder", "text": "DURGAPUR: A Trinamool Congress leader was arrested from Natungram village on Wednesday night for allegedly masterminding the murder of coal mafia don Seikh Selim.The detective department officers had earlier arrested six persons for their involvement in the murder. After interrogation, Seikh Ziaul - one of the suspects - spilled the beans and named Durjay Biswas, reportedly a leader of Trinamool Congress Seva Dal, as the key person behind the murder.\"According to Ziaul, Biswas prepared the blueprint to kill Selim and provided the money for buying guns. He had hatched the plot to gain control over the illegal coal empire in Laudoha and Pandaveswar,\" said Asansol Durgapur Police Commissionerate ADCP (east) Sunil Yadav. Police have taken Biswas on remand for further interrogation after he was forwarded in court on Thursday.On October 25, some unidentified youths sprayed bullets on Selim from an improvised carbine in front of his house around 4.30pm. Cops seized the footage of the CCTV installed in front of Selim's gates and picked up six persons after a probe.The arrest of a Trinamool leader has created a stir in the district. While Pandaveswar MLA Gouranga Chatterjee alleged that the arrest of a Trinamool leader proved the ruling party's involvement in the illegal coal trade, Trinamool leader Prabahat Chatterjee said, \"I don't know him and he is not our party member. Trinamool as a party is not involved in illegal coal mining.\"However, V Sivadasan, former district head of Trinamool Congress Seva Dal in Asansol, said, \"When Mamata Banerjee dissolved the Trinamool Seva Dal committee six months ago, Biswas was a party member. But I don't know whether he is still engaged with other works of Trinamul Congress in the area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhiwandi", "code": "17054474", "title": "1 dies in freak mishap", "text": "BHIWANDI: One person was killed and six others injured when a dumper lost control and rammed into the Gupta family home in Bhiwandi, on Thursday.The dumper belongs to the municipal corporation.Cops suspect the driver, who fled, to be drunk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17053811", "title": "Explain bad state of canals: HC to govt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court on Thursday issued a notice to the state government and Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) over a PIL emphasizing the poor condition of sub-minor canals because of non-maintenance.A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala sought an explanation from the authorities for the condition of these small canals near Dholka, Dhandhuka and in Central Gujarat. This came about after the petitioner, Amrish Patel from Jan Sangharsh Manch, placed photographs showing the dilapidated canals before the court.Appearing for the petitioner, advocate Mukul Sinha submitted that due to grave negligence and poor construction, the walls of minor and sub-minor canals collapse completely whenever water flows through and the water leaks out from the sides. The water thus never reaches the canal end.The lawyer contended that water is available even in branch canals, but these minor and sub-minor canals are so poorly constructed that they have been useless till date, even though they were constructed less than a decade ago. He claimed that these canals do not last for more than a season after construction and repairs. He alleged that corruption has not spared even the 'Lifeline of Gujarat'.The PIL sought HC directions to authorities for immediate repair of these canals. It also demanded an inquiry into the issue to fix liabilities on the officers responsible for dereliction of duty which has resulted in destruction of the minor and sub-minor canal system. It also asks to take appropriate departmental action against them.The petitioner also urged the court to ask authorities to ensure water supply from the main canal to farmers of Dhandhuka, Dholka, Viramgam, Sanand, Bavla, Rajpura and Bagodara talukas before the start of the next kharif season.The case will be heard further after the Diwali vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "17056503", "title": "Schools, colleges to remain closed as wet spell continues in the Nilgiris", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Schools and colleges will remain closed on Friday in view of the weather forecast by the meteorological department, announced the Nilgiris collector, Archana Patnaik . The holiday has been announced for the private and government schools located in all the taluks in the Nilgiris.Meanwhile, heavy rains continued its spell in the Nilgiris especially in Glenmorgan area, Ketti, Kotagiri and Gudalur and its surrounding areas since Wednesday morning. Wet spell prevailed in Ooty, Coonoor and other parts of the hills as well.According to rainfall records, the Nilgiris received an average rainfall of 42.67 mm with Glenmorgan and Naduvattam areas recording heavy rainfall of 131 mm and 96 mm respectively ending 24 hours on Thursday morning. While Ooty recorded 15.4 mm, Coonoor received 16mm of rain. Thick clouds were seen over in Ooty, Coonoor and Kotagiri areas. Outdoor activities here were interrupted by the rains.No major incidents of trees being uprooted or landslides were reported in the hill district. According to the administration, the disaster management has been put in place.Government Botanical Garden (GBG) received 40 per cent less crowd than usual. According to garden officials, the wet spell across Tamil Nadu resisted people from travelling. The advancement of the northeast monsoon had played spoilsport for the second tourist season which extends normally till end of October .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17056242", "title": "Case against teacher over molestation", "text": "KANNUR: Kasaragod railway police has registered a case against a teacher from Payyannur on charges of molesting a woman as she was getting down from a train at Kasaragod.According to railway police, the complainant woman, Shilji Jose, and her husband were coming from Mangalore in the Mangalore Chennai Mail (12602), and when they got down at Kasaragod around 2 pm, a teacher from Payyannur, Raveendran, allegedly tried to molest her. Police have registered a case under sections 323 and 354 IPC.Police also said both the complainant and the accused are said to be involved in another case that was registered in Kasaragod police station and efforts are on to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054649", "title": "Family, activist want Gadkari, others as co-accused in case", "text": "NAGPUR: Activists and sister of Yogita Thakre have demanded that Nitin Gadkari , former city police chief Praveen Dixit, forensic experts and others be included as co-accused in the 'murder case' of the girl who was found dead in a car at the BJP national president's residence more than three years ago.The demand came from Jammu Anand, the district secretary of the Communist Party of India (CPI) and president of the association of domestic helps. Addressing a press conference at the CPI office at Ganeshpeth on Thursday, along with Yogita's elder sister Kiran, Anand said they will meet state CM Prithviraj Chavan and demand that the seven-year-old's murder case be transferred to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).In a new development, Anand claimed that Yogita was not suffering from sickle cell disease as was being claimed by Gadkari in his recent public speeches. The BJP chief had indicated that the disease could have played a role in her death.Anand produced a copy of an investigation report submitted to the judicial magistrate first class (JFMC) which had a statement from Dr Saira Merchant, a paediatrician at the Government Medical College and Hospital. It clearly stated that Yogita's pathological report did not mention that she was suffering from sickle cell.\"Yogita had congenital heart disease which would need to be treated in the long run,\" Merchant's statement added. This was informed to Yogita's mother when the girl was discharged following a heart treatment.Anand said it was inappropriate on Gadkari's part to give himself a clean chit in public when the case was yet to come to a conclusion. The BJP chief had blamed the media for tarnishing his image by linking him to the death of Yogita.The CPI leader slammed the state criminal investigation department (CID) for a lackadaisical probe despite the High Court's direction to it for a fair investigation. The state CID submitted a final report for the second time before the lower court seeking closure of the case in May this year stating that the offence was \"registered under pressure of media and senior officers\". The court had sent back CID's earlier report, which is almost identical to the one submitted subsequently, criticizing the investigating agency's role.Anand accused Gadkari, Dixit, forensic experts of Government Medical College and Hospital and officers of Kotwali police station of conniving to manipulate the records and mislead the investigation. \"We have never named Gadkari as a perpetrator but it is certainly someone close to his family or one who is well-acquainted with the premises where Yogita's body was traced,\" he said.The activist also claimed that the car (MH 31 DB 2727) in which Yogita's body was found in the premises of the Gadkari's residence at Mahal on May 19 in 2009 has also been disposed of. Driver Manohar Panse, while leaving for Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar international Airport to receive Gadkari, had spotted the body in the car. For reasons not clear, police had later claimed the body was found in another car bearing registration number MH 31 CS 2727.\"Gadkari rewarded driver Panse with the post of director in seven companies on July 24, 2009, to ensure he remained silent,\" Anand charged.The activist added that he and Yogita's family would approach the lower court to challenge state CID plea to close the case. \"We are hoping justice will be delivered the culprits nabbed,\" said Kiran.Apart from suffering injustice, life for the Thakres in the last three years seemed to have remained unchanged. They continue to reside quite close to Gadkari's residence, at Tulsibagh. Yogita's mother Vimal is still a domestic help and father Ashok is an assistant at roadside food vendor's stall near Panchsheel Theatre. Kiran informed that their present landlord had also asked them to vacate the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17053895", "title": "Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad fails to find new director", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Outgoing director of Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, Prof Samir Barua has got a three-month extension following differences of opinion among members of the selection committee over the choice of his successor. Barua's term as IIM-A director was to have ended on November 7.L&T;'s chief A M Naik , who is also the chairman of IIM-A board of governors, has asked Barua to continue for another three months. The board will consider the choice of the search committee on December 28 before forwarding it to the Union HRD ministry.However, this will be possible only if the search committee can finalise a panel before the next board meeting.Difference of opinion among the members of the search committee is said to be the main reason behind the delay in finalizing the panel of three prospective directors. The final call will be taken by the HRD ministry.The search committee was supposed to submit three names out of the 11 shortlisted candidates for the IIM-A top job before September 28. It is learnt that there is no unanimity over the choice of the three contenders.Earlier in June, some members of the IIM-A board of governors had raised concerns over the constitution of the search committee, which was hurriedly appointed by the outgoing chairman Vijaypath Singhania on March 24. The four-member committee had Rama Bijapurkar, management consultant and visiting faculty; Ashank Desai of Mastek Ltd; Prafull Anubhai, alumni-turned-faculty; and Hasit Joshipura of GSK Pharma.After Naik took over from Singhania as the chairman of the board, the search committee was reconstituted by replacing Anubhai with textile baron Sanjay Lalbhai. Naik became the chairman of the search committee.\"The members of the committee are divided over the three names. One set of people is against suggesting names of any existing IIM-A faculty and wants to bring somebody from outside. Hectic lobbying is taking place with e-mails being exchanged among faculty members and even alumni,\" said a member of the board who did not wish to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17056733", "title": "Centre sanctions Rs 9 crore for sports development in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Union ministry of youth and sports on Thursday sanctioned Rs 9.31 crore to the state for development and maintenance of playgrounds in 666 village panchayats and 44 block panchayats under Panchayat Yuva Krida Aur Khel Abhiyan (PYKKA).In 2009, the ministry had sanctioned an amount of Rs 4.81 crore to the state for the development and maintenance of playgrounds in 333 village panchayats and 22 block panchayats.Under the PYKKA, which was introduced in 2008-09, playgrounds were developed and maintained in villages and block panchayats across the country in a phased manner. Competitions are conducted annually at block, district, state and national level in these playgrounds.The scheme aims at creation of basic sports infrastructure in 2.50 lakh village panchayats and 6,400 block panchayats in a phased manner over a period of 10 years. It provides 100 per cent central assistance to states and union territories for holding annual rural sports competitions at block, district, state and national levels. .Under the scheme, each village panchayat and each block panchayat will be given a one-time seed capital grant of Rs1 lakh and Rs 5 lakh, respectively. In addition, while village panchayats will be given an annual acquisition grant and annual operational grant at Rs 10,000 and Rs 12,000 per annum, block panchayats will be given Rs 20,000 and 24,000 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059165", "title": "Dancers emote naturally: Sudarshan", "text": "Dance has seen a radical evolution in Tollywood, feels choreographer Sudarshan ChakravortyYou explore a dance form that breaks away from the quintessential Bangali's perennial hangover with all things classical. Was it difficult? There was a time when no one had any clue to what contemporary dance was. Dance would mean either Rabindrik or creative. And since not many people knew about Bengal's own indigenous classical form, the Goudiya Nritya, they embraced these. Blame it on the bangaliyanar tokma but Bengal has always been fascinated with classical. I tried to turn it around. And the first step was creating an organic, non-derivative dance form. With a bit of struggle, I started gaining acceptance in non-dance areas especially theatre. I feel those involved with theatre are more erudite, wellread and are willing to accept newer forms. There are watertight compartments but the compartments are larger in theatre and they create ripples. They started understanding what I wanted to do.So, you embraced theatre or theatre embraced you? Theatre in Bengal has come a long way from the 70s and 80s. Certain directors are trying to see the larger picture in the form of non-textual body language. That's where I come in. I've been associated with Kaushik Sen's Swapnosandhani for for-three years now and that association fructified into his latest production, Macbeth. Theatricians are trying to see my point of view. They are excited about contemporary dance forms.Have films been the most natural progression? It all started with theatre, of course. I had worked in one or two movies in isolation. There was this film starring Jisshu Sengupta and Arunima. That was my first. My second film was Nilanjan Banerjee's Tomar Jonyo. Slowly, directors started recognizing my work. I was also working on events, my dance company, Sapphire's productions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d we performed for the President's welcome. I worked with 80 dancers and got them prepped up in just three days. It's been a busy year for me.You are choreographing Swastika Mukherjee in Mainak Bhaumik's 'Take One' Yes. For the first time, a song sequence is borrowing so heavily from contemporary movements. The entire sequence uses Sita as a metaphor of womanhood and motherhood and explores how, at every step, it's the woman who has to continuously keep proving her mettle. Barriers and lines are drawn for a woman. In the movie, whatever real-life stituation Swastika is facing is being replicated and reflected through dance. Mainak understands avant garde. Even his brother, Mayukh, used to be such a cutting-edge musician. That's the best thing about young artists and directors. Imagine taking the oft-talked about Sita's agnipariksha and patal prabesh to an entirely abstract level. It's a big, big leap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17055655", "title": "Jewel thieves kill security guard", "text": "BANGALORE: A 45-year-old security guard with a private finance firm was clubbed to death when he tried to overpower dacoits when they tried to steal from a neighbouring jewellery shop in Talaghattapura, Ramanagaram district in the wee hours of Thursday.Thanaji Patil, a native of Belgaum, was a resident of Vajarahalli on Kanakapura Road. The assailants smashed his head with an iron rod and dumped his body in a ditch near the crime scene, said police.\"The thieves attempted to break open the door of the jewellery shop. Thanaji, who was guarding a finance firm around 50 metres away, heard the sound and rushed to the sport. But he was clubbed to death,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055549", "title": "'Think' fest kicks off at Bambolim today", "text": "PANAJI: The three-day 'Think' festival will kick off at the Grand Hyatt, Bambolim, on Friday morning.Organizers said that the conclave is designed to be India's most thought-provoking platform for ideas from across the globe. The festival brings together brilliant, cutting-edge minds from across all the key disciplines that impact human affairs - politics, business, sports , cinema, media, religion, etc.The keynote address will be delivered by Tarun Tejpal at 9am followed by Fawzia Koofi ( Afghanistan ) and Jason Burke (UK).Other speakers will be Shekhar Dattari, Swami Shivanand, GD Agarwal, Sachin Pilot and Ben Hemmersley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17054529", "title": "Botsa daughter's mega wedding bash has govt staff in a tizzy", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The marriage of transport minister Botsa Satyanarayana's daughter in dusty Vizianagaram, 40 km away from here, on Friday has the entire administration of the three coastal districts deployed for wedding duties, literally. \"It is the mother of all marriages for this part of the world. We have to make it a gala success\" said a senior district official. A huge number of hotel rooms have been booked for the VIP guests, four borewells sunk for water supply at the venue -- Pradeep Nagar Colony -- and a Rs 2 crore marriage mandapam erected by a film set designer from Hyderabad.The official 'gram sandarshana' programme that is held every Friday has been cancelled by the district authorities since they would be busy 'serving' Sattibabu (as the minister is famously called in this part of the world) at the wedding ceremony.Sattibabu's daughter Anusha, a medical student, is tying the knot with the scion of Somi group, a realtor. For those who came in late, Botsa is also the Pradesh Congress chief.Not surprisingly, ministers are attending the marriage at the cost of the state exchequer. Sources said some of them have converted their visit to 'official' on the pretext of holding review meetings.A few of them are coming with their families and are being put up at a five star hotel whose room tariffs are the highest in the town. \"The state exchequer would be spending about Rs 50,000 on each of the ministers, which includes their stay and transport. The review meetings are just an excuse, but it involves a huge protocol exercise,\" confessed a senior official from the district administration not wanting to be named. Sources said the 'hospitality' responsibility has been entrusted to the panchayat raj and rural water supply departments.Worse still, officials of the Road Transport Authority (RTA) have roped in taxi owners, including those whose documents and vehicle papers had been seized a couple of days ago, to transport ministers, MLAs, MPs and other top leaders from Vizag to the wedding arena, a 40-minute drive. Over 300 Innovas and Scorpios have been stationed at the police barrack grounds here. A travel operator on condition of anonymity told TOI he was asked to park his Scorpio at the grounds. \"I was not even given a chance to represent my case on the seized documents and here I am asked to park my vehicle at the police barrack grounds along with a driver,\" he said.Taxi owners were promised a rent of Rs 1,000 per day when the commercial rate is over Rs 4,500 a day. Cab owners say they would lose out big time if all their vehicles were `drafted' for the wedding.Governors -- E S L Narasimhan (Andhra Pradesh), K Rosaiah (Tamil Nadu) and H R Bharadwaj (Karnataka) - 300 VVIPs and 2,000 VIPs are expected to the attend mega marriage. Apart from 25 ministers, 150 legislators are likely to descend at the venue. Daggubati Purandeswari , Killi Krupa Rani, K Jana Reddy, P Balaraju, J Geeta Reddy, Bhatti Vikramarka and DL Ravindra Reddy are some of the ministers who would be there. Apart from the officials and VIP guests, arrangements have been made to accommodate about 80,000 invitees. There would be 500 constables, 35 DSP rank officers and 120 SHOs drafted from various parts of the state for bandobust duties, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054384", "title": "Nagpur University members seek chancellor's intervention on dropped queries", "text": "NAGPUR: Though Nagpur University (NU) vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal will not be able to attend Saturday's Senate meeting, he ensured that many controversial queries related to him were dropped, claimed members from Secular Panel - a political group in NU. According to them, over 50 queries which would have caused embarrassment for the VC and the administration were dropped from Senate agenda without assigning concrete reasons. NU used Section 38 of Statute to drop these queries asked by members, including Dinesh Agrawal, RD Singh, KM Bhandarkar, PK Dakhole, Abhijit Wanjari, and Ravindra Kshirsagar among others.Aggrieved by the untenable and arbitrary ruling, these members have written to Sapkal requesting him to admit their dropped queries. They warned that if their legitimate rights were not restored, they will seek redressal from the chancellor K Sankaranarayanan and also demand adjournment of the Saturday's meeting.According to them, VC used his clout to drop \"uncomfortable\" questions related to his own conduct and decision to purchase a luxury sedan (Skoda Laura) worth Rs16 lakh allegedly flouting norms, at a time when the university was going through a severe financial crisis. The issue was first exposed by TOI while reporting as to how the VC used his special powers granted under Section 14(7) to purchase the vehicle for himself, despite the fact that his old vehicle ( Honda City ) was still in good condition.Another dropped query was related to BCCA paper leak where Kshirsagar had specifically asked whether NU's Board of Examinations (BoE) had taken a decision to withdraw police complaint lodged at Sitabuldi, flouting the 'speaking provisions' of Section 153 and 154 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), despite the fact that many members had opposed the move. Even NU standing counsel had termed it illegal, still Sapkal, being the chairman of BoE, went ahead with the decision. Kshirsagar also wanted to know the reason behind constitution of another panel under Eknath Kathale to probe the paper leak when first committee headed by chancellor's nominee in Management Council, Sanjay Khadakkar, had already confirmed the leak.Even a query regarding appointment of SD Dawande as director of LIT over two senior professors by flouting norms was dropped for no reason. Many important queries on the exorbitant examination fee hike were also ignored. The members also sought explanation on controversy over engineering dean recommending Rs1,500 as annual fee but NU revising it to Rs1,950, but NU choose to drop it.Agrawal told TOI that VC can't reject the questions asked on his conduct as he was representing the chancellor in the Senate meet. \"The VC can't give ruling on chancellor's behalf while rejecting queries against himself. We are going to raise the issue with the chancellor and also in the Senate meeting,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054710", "title": "Medical hopefuls on hunger strike against faulty admission process", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 18 people, including seven medical aspirants, all class XII pass-outs, began their indefinite hunger strike at Azad Maidan on Thursday.The parents and students were protesting against the 'faulty admission process' followed by private medical and dental colleges in the state this year after two rounds.Some of the protesters came from far-off places like Yavatmal, many others from Nagpur and Nashik will join the stir on Friday, claim members of the Forum for Fairness in Education. \"We plan to sit here throughout the night. On Friday, there is a meeting of the Pravesh Niyantran Samiti (PNS),\" said Jayant Jain, president of Forum for Fairness in Education.\"Only 50 parents have been called for the hearing, while more than 100 are still clueless. If the parents do not get justice, then they will continue with the strike,\" he added. Gajanan Bhagat, a protester, saidone of the parents, who is geared up for the indefinite strike, said, \"My daughter scored 157 marks in the entrance test and is among the meritorious students . She was still denied admission as the colleges failed to follow norms. Students who have scored less marks than her have managed to get seats.\"The PNS, which monitors admissions in medical colleges, was to decide on the complaints and allegations regarding enrolments by October-end. However, the meeting was postponed and now students and parents are worried that they may lose an academic year. They are also concerned about the new syllabus and the difficult level that they would have to face in the new centrally conducted National Eligibility and Entrance Test (NEET) for medical and dental admissions from 2013, if they have to reappear next year.Admissions in private and medical colleges were done through ASSOCET conducted by the Association for Private Unaided Medical and Dental Colleges (APUMDC). After a Supreme Court order, the association conducted only two rounds of admissions. After the second round, admissions were to be done at institute level. However, colleges failed to follow the norms prescribed by the PNS. Many of them did not even announce their vacant seats in advertisements and many others closed down the admissions before the prescribed date. Parents approached the PNS with their complaints. The PNS asked all colleges to make the admissions given after the second round provisional and to be confirmed only after they are scrutinized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17056255", "title": "Letter from \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcburglar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 stumps cops on heist trail", "text": "MALAPPURAM: \"The Bhagavathi doesn't need gold ornaments; they would be useful for people like me. God exists in our minds, not in the sreekovil of a temple and deities do not want ornaments as they do not have a physical existence.\" A burglar can't be more philosophical.The police team investigating a burglary at Payyangattil Bhadrakali Temple near Edappal on October 8 is baffled by a letter purportedly written by the person who stole the gold ornaments of the deity after locking the priest inside the temple.Though they are yet to confirm the authenticity of the letter, police suspect that it was written by someone who is familiar with the temple. Priest Surendran had also claimed that the robber was a daily visitor to the temple for a week prior to the heist with a kid of around 12 years' old.A postcard addressed to the priest from one Ramabhadran Adiyodi says the temple committee had lied about the actual worth of the ornaments. \"The ornaments do not add up to three sovereigns as claimed by the temple committee and police. It is less than 2.5 sovereigns,\" the letter says.The letter also has some words of advice to the priest. \"There is no need to open the doors of the sreekovil when lighting the lamp at the sub-temple of Karimkutty deity. You (Pujari) better stop doing puja and start tapioca cultivation to lead a good life with your wife,\" it says. The author of the letter claims that he had come to loot the temple with his grandson. He also wants everything in proper order when he comes back to the temple on November 26.The case, registered by Changaramkulam police on basis of a complaint from the priest, says ornaments worth Rs 49,500 were stolen from the idol in the sanctum sanctorum of the temple around 5.30 am.The police team visited Tirur post office on Thursday and collected details about the postcard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17056711", "title": "Relieve me of duties, DGP to govt", "text": "GUWAHATI: The director general of Assam Police, Jayanto Narayan Choudhury, is seeking to move out of the state and be relieved of his current responsibilities after the panchayat election in January next. The former additional director of the Centre's Intelligence Bureau may return to the central government services.Choudhury is waiting for the state government to release him but sources said that chief minister Tarun Gogoi needs some time to find a new DGP before he approves Choudhury's release.\"I have written to the chief secretary that my tenure expires on January 16 next. I have also conveyed it to the chief minister verbally. The panchayat election will be held in January and I will see the elections through, after which I intend to leave,\" he said.The Assam Police rules provide for a minimum one-year tenure for the DGP, which implies that the incumbent could be in the top position for one year and above.Choudhury's letter to the chief secretary has triggered a race for the top cop's post among several aspirants. The process of selection of a new DGP usually takes some time.Choudhury is a 1978 batch IPS officer. Immediately next in line is 1979 batch officer Devendra Kumar Pathak, who is currently the additional director general (training) of the CRPF.The DGP's letter to the chief secretary seeking release from his responsibilities has also sent sparks flying in Dispur as this is the first time that an officer himself is asking to be relinquished from the top post in the state police department. Policymakers in Dispur refused to talk about Choudhury's move and most of them just said \"no comments\" when contacted.The state police force, which has been fighting militancy for more than three decades in the state is in a shambles as far as civil policing is concerned. The force has remained stagnant and needs to be upgraded and modernized. This apart, the state police force is also going through one of its worst phases when it comes to providing basic amenities to men of lower ranks within the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17056778", "title": "Workshop enlightens Odanadi inmates on life", "text": "MYSORE: The inmates and children of Odanadi Seva Samste (OSS) see life in an optimistic way, thanks to the six-day psychological workshop Tree of Life that was held since October 26.Around 25 inmates (workers and children) were part of the activity-based workshop headed by Australian psychotherapists Louise Carmichael and Careesse Cranwell and Indian clinical psychologist Sristi Sardar. Explaining about the activities at Tree of Life, OSS inmate Vinita said they were asked to compare their life to a tree and were made to write who and what matters to them and what doesn't.Odanadi Seva Trust founder-member M L Parashuram their NGO has been working to rescue, rehabilitate, reintegrate and empower sexually-exploited and trafficked women and children. Psychological technique-narrative therapy was the base of workshop, he added.\"The lives of the inmates and children were compared to a tree. The past has to be buried so that the roots get into the past, while the trunk turns into family and well-wishers. The leaves became their future and happiness,\" he explained.The workshop dealt on creating optimistic attitude, time sense, maintaining relationships, becoming responsible and other life-related aspects. It mainly focused on suppressing their fear and anxiety about people and life.Parashuram claimed that the workshop was first of its kind in Odanadi as well as in Mysore. \"Children and inmates expressed their fear and happiness in the workshop. It was effective. We want them to forget their past and lead a happy life,\" he added.Another inmate Jyothi said that she has become more confident and optimistic about life after the workshop. Endorsing her view, VI Std student Shilpa said that they had an interaction about their problems and fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17054235", "title": "Girl, 5, dies in wall collapse, eyes donated", "text": "CHENNAI: On Wednesday, when cyclone Nilam made a landfall between Mamallapuram and Kalpakkam, Yogalakshmi, 5, was crushed to death when a wall near her house in Tiruvallur collapsed. On Thursday, one of her eyes was transplanted to a one-and-half-year-old child, whose cornea had to be removed with a tumour.Doctors at Dr Agarwal's Eye Hospital, where the transplant was done, said the infant was recovering well. Yogalakshmi's father Thiyagrajan, a construction worker, and mother Devi, a tailor, told doctors they were happy their daughter's eyes would continue to see the world. \"We will do another transplant on Friday with the second eye,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054713", "title": "Telangana protests mark AP Formation Day", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hundreds of Telangana activists were arrested across the region for holding protests and demonstrations during the state formation day celebrations to press for their demand for a separate state. Many Telangana leaders and activists hoisted black flags to observe the day as 'Telangana vidroha dinam' (Telangana betrayal day).The police, as part of the preventive measures, put Telangana Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) chairman Kodandaram under house arrest. As he was not allowed to go out to participate in any protest programme, Kondandaram hoisted a black flag in front of his house.Another leader, Nagam Janardhan Reddy along with 15 associates, who went to Kodandaram's house was taken into custody and whisked away to the Kacheguda police station. A miffed Nagam protested against the action in the station demanding to know the reasons for his arrest. He was released in the evening on a personal bond.Telangana activists were kept at bay as there was heavy police presence at Tank Bund and in the vicinity of the NTR Stadium. But elsewhere they were able to hold the protests they had planned. 10 activists were arrested as they had come to Tank Bund to stage a protest at the Telugu Talli statue which was garlanded by chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy.TRS leader Harish Rao condemned the action of the police for arresting hundreds of Telangana activists in all the districts of Telangana.At the TRS office, Nayani Narasimha Reddy hoisted a black flag along with the party flag. He said the protests would be severe after the party discussions in Karimnagar on November 5-6.Police arrested more than a 100 activists who hoisted black flags in Karimnagar. MLC Naradesu Laxman Rao was also arrested.In Nizamabad, protestors hoisted black flags even at government offices. People stayed away from all official functions in response to the call given by T-JAC to observe the day as Telangana betrayal day. Empty chairs greeted officials at the functions as many political leaders also boycotted the functions.Telangana protagonists hoisted a black flag at the district panchayat office in Nizamabad. Police tried to prevent the rally taken out by the activists and took them into custody after a scuffle.Black flags were hoisted at the mandal parishad development office in Machareddy mandal and tehsildar office in Sadashivnagar mandal. In Adilabad, black flags were hoisted at the revenue divisional office, Nirmal, tehsildar offices of Ichchoda, Mamada, Khanapur, and Dilawarpur mandals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056194", "title": "Dengue outbreak: Ludhiana Municipal Corporation fails to flex muscles", "text": "LUDHIANA: Keeping dengue under check would not have been a problem for Ludhiana Municipal Corporation authorities had they paid attention to detail. While the Municipal Act could have been a deterrent for people unmindful of taking precautions against the disease, failure to implement it has rendered the Act ornamental at best.As per the Act, if a larvae of the aedes aegypti, the mosquito which causes dengue, is found in any house, people living therein are liable to pay penalty of up to Rs 500. However, the challan has not been issued to anyone so far.In the words of MC Medical Officer Dr Vipul Malhotra, \"Although the Municipal Act provides for issuance of challan of up to Rs 500 to people in whose houses the larvae of the Aedes aegypti mosquito is found, we have not issued any such challan this year. We fear backlash from residents and councillors have also been resisting the move.\" However, he said the civic body is taking preventive measures like destruction of larvae and regular fogging in all the wards. \"We cover 28 of the 75 wards in the morning and an equal number in the evening. This way, fogging in almost every ward is repeated in about three days. We have 14 big fogging machines and also 70 small machines in the wards,\" he assured.On their part, councillors deny resisting imposition of penalty from people in whose houses the larvae is found. Councillor from Model Town Extension, Manvinder Pal Makkar agrees to the efficacy of the penalty but also underlines the need to spread awareness. \"People should be made aware of the Act and about the Dengue disease. If the larvae is found in any resident's home after that, he should be penalized,\" he said, adding that councillors never stopped the MC from imposing the penalty.Councillor from Sarabha Nagar and Gurdev Nagar Bhupinder Singh agreed. Asking the MC to flex its muscles, he said, \"Dengue is a life threatening disease and needs to be checked. MC authorities need to act tough to control the disease and the provision of the Municipal Act should be implemented as it is meant for the welfare of residents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055623", "title": "Cross-examination of cop on Nov 7", "text": "NASHIK: Inspector Sukhlal Varpe of the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) was questioned at the sessions court in Nashik on Thursday. His cross examination will begin on November 7.Varpe told the sessions court how he got information on Bilal in September 2010 when he was in Nashik and the subsequent arrest of Bilal from Satpur. Articles including a brochure of Lashkar-e-Toiba, information on making improvised explosives, photographs of Maharashtra Police Academy, 700 grams of RDX powder, detonators, among other things were seized from Bilal.Meanwhile, Baig made an application in the court to alter the charge under the Explosive Substances Act framed against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17055493", "title": "Student alleges rape in moving car", "text": "JAIPUR: A 20-year-old college student has lodged an FIR with Jamwaramgarh police station in Jaipur rural saying that she was allegedly gangraped by four youths nearly three weeks ago. The girl claims that the youths abducted her and one of them raped her in a moving car. She also alleged that the men made some video clips showing her in a compromising position and threatened her not to report the incident to anyone.According to the police, the girl is a resident of Lalsot area in Duasa but lives in Jaipur's Transport Nagar area.\"The girl says that she had come to know one Sanjay Meena, a resident of Chomu, through a relative. He called her to Jamwaramgarh on the pretext of helping her to get the duplicate of a lost marksheet. As the girl went to Jama Mata Temple in Jamwaramgarh, Sanjay met her along with three other men identified as Ashok Meena, Raju Meena and Prakash Chand, the girl claimed in the FIR. The officer said that Sanjay forced her into a car and raped her. \"She says that she was blindfolded and gagged. She says that she was taken to a room where the three others raped her. They then dropped her at Ramgarh Mod in Jaipur,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054511", "title": "Purandeswari elevated; Kavuri threatens to quit", "text": "HYDERABAD: Against the backdrop of elevation of Union minister of state for commerce Daggubati Purandeswari as MoS (independent) of textiles, Eluru MP Kavuri Sambasiva Rao is said to have hardened his stand and likely to sever ties with the Congress. Kavuri had already resigned as MP when he was denied a berth in the Union council of ministers during the recent reshuffle.It is learnt that the MP has sent his resignation from the party as well as Lok Sabha membership to party president Sonia Gandhi on Saturday last. Sources close to him said he had urged Sonia on Thursday to recommend the acceptance of his resignation from Lok Sabha to the Speaker. Sources said that he would announce his final decision to quit the party on November 6. Sources said Kavuri was not willing to take up the party general secretary post offered by the high command. It is said that the senior MP has decided to distance himself from the Congress as his grandson is likely to join the YSR Congress and contest in the next general elections on that party ticket.He has been sulking with the Congress high command for promoting Purandeswari, also from Kamma community, though she is much junior to him and other seniors in the party. He is said to have resigned from the coordination committee of the state party headed by Ghulam Nabi Azad, AICC general secretary in-charge of state affairs.\"Kavuri is planning to retire from active politics,\" an aide told TOI over phone from Delhi. However, Kavuri was not available for comment. His office in Delhi said he had left for Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17055735", "title": "B S Yeddyurappa now piles on garbage issue", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa trashed the government over the garbage problem in the city. On Wednesday, he set a week's deadline to find solution to the issue, failing which he would launch a protest before the BBMP office. He attacked deputy chief minister R Ashoka, Bangalore in-charge minister, by stating that BBMP corporators, MLAs and MPs representing the city were sleeping over the issue.\"Ashoka has not noticed the garbage problem. Katriguppe is Mayor D Venkateshmurthy's ward, I found lots of garbage there. It has to be cleared within a week,\" Yeddyurappa told reporters.Taking jibes at his bete noire H N Ananth Kumar, he said the MPs representing the city have utterly failed. Two months ago, Yeddyurappa held a meeting with BJP city MLAs and MPs on the issue. He also visited Namakkal and Salem in Tamil Nadu to study scientific waste disposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17056725", "title": "All Assam Students\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Union for open talks on white paper with CM", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) on Thursday asked chief minister Tarun Gogoi to hold an open discussion with them on the white paper prepared by the state government on the foreigners' issue.Aasu asked the chief minister to hold a face-to-face discussion on the influx problem with the interest of the state and its people in mind. The students' body also reiterated that the white paper prepared by the state government was inflicted with anomalies and was factually wrong.Aasu had criticized the government's white paper only recently, saying that it was nothing but as a document of 'white lies', which had excluded all the historic and significant aspects. On Wednesday, the state government's spokesperson and power minister Pradyut Bordoloi, in retaliation to the student body's accusation, asked Aasu to point out the 'lies' in the white paper. The students' body, thus, called for an open discussion, saying it only wants \"result-oriented talks\".\"A white paper should be inclusive of solution and resolution as well, but what the state government has prepared is nothing but an incomplete and factually wrong document. The state government also admitted that it is an incomplete document and we pointed out the anomalies in the document. According to the state government, influx is not a major problem. It has, therefore, not included the Supreme Court's verdict on the issue as a problem of external aggression and internal migration,\" said Aasu president Shankar Prasad Rai.The students' body said implementing the core principles of the Assam Accord and updating the National Register of Citizens' (NRC) are the only solution to the influx problem. \"The document is not a white paper, but a note on the foreigners' issue. Gogoi had invited the students' body for a thread bare discussion if we detect any loopholes in the document. We want a face-to-face discussion with him. The dialogue should be result-oriented and in a free spirit. We also want answers regarding what happened to those who were detained by the two DC's at Kokrajhar and Chrinag districts. We want to know where are they being held and what steps the administration will take next,\" said Aasu adviser Samujjal Bhattacharyya. On Akhil Gogoi's allegation that the Assam Agitation has failed in protecting the rights of the indigenous people and also alleging that the movement took a communal turn, Aasu reiterated that it was apolitical and peaceful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17057957", "title": "New twist in Ajay-Shah Rukh Khan war", "text": "The war between Ajay Devgn and Shah Rukh Khan has just escalated.Responding to a news that Ajay's lawyers have have lodged a complaint with the Competition Commission about the unfair means adopted by the production house to promote Jab Tak..., a YRF spokesperson said: \"We would like to clarify at the outset that we still haven't received any notice from the Commission and will suitably represent our stance if and when called upon to do so.\"The bone of contention here is the share of screens for Son of Sardar and Jab Tak... , both Diwali releases. According to Devgn, YRF had come to an understanding with theatre owners that Ek Tha Tiger and Jab Tak... would be made available to them as a package. YRF rubbished these claims, saying, saying exhibitors \"were happy to play out Yashji's movie considering their long standing and emotional relationship with the banner and that a Yash Chopra/ Shah Rukh Khan movie, coming after a gap of eight long years, did not need any coercion for contractual screening.\"Refuting Devgn's claims that YRF has taken up the lion's share of screens, the spokesperson said, \"Of the 10,500 plus single screens available on an all-India basis, we have booked less than 1,500 single screens, an industry norm for an A-lister movie. If this was an issue, why wasn't it raised earlier?\"However, on Thursday, Ajay along with members from Eros International and Viacom called a meeting with theatre owners at Eros' office asking them to give fair chance to his film.A source said, \"About seven to eight members from programming team of various multiplexes attended the meeting in which they were told by the actor and the distributor that they have made a good product and fair chance should be given to their film SOS in terms of showcasing of the film.\" Multiplexes were indirectly told not to give into the pressure of the other banner and were promised that they would be provided proper marketing and publicity support if needed.''A friend of Devgn said that having invested Rs 80 crore in the film and with no other dates available, he has no choice but to escalate his war. Despite repeated attempts Ajay remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17056592", "title": "As race gets tighter, both sides woo PIO voters", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a very close presidential election where every single vote counts, both the Obama and Romney campaigns have been making special effort to reach out to the Indian-American community, which numbers over three million members according to the latest census.\"Barack Obama is not just a president for some of us; he is fighting for all of us,\" says a full page ad placed in India This Week and Express IndiaMeanwhile, The Northern California Asian Pacific Islanders Americans in its ad said, \"Ready to Go to Work. Vision for a better America. Vote Mitt Romney for president. Promising all my heart to restore strength to America. We will be strong again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054691", "title": "Geetika case: Kanda moves HC for bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly a month after police chargesheeted him in the air hostess Geetika Sharma suicide case, former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda on Thursday moved Delhi high court against the trial court's order dismissing his bail plea.The plea is likely to come up for hearing on Friday in the court of Justice P K Bhasin.On September 20, the trial court had denied bail to Kanda, who has been in jail since August 18, saying further probe was needed in view of a police report that the victim was pregnant in March this year.\"In the police file, there is report of a private gynaecologist which shows applicant/accused and victim had visited the clinic on March 9, 2012 and the victim woman was pregnant. This may be one of the cause for her first suicide note dated May 4,\" the court had observed.Taking note of the report the court had also said, \"It may be one of the causes for her to think about suicide and write a suicide note on May 4 but somehow she changed her mind. However, pressure tactics of accused allegedly continued and she was telephonically contacted to join duty,\" the court noted.23-year-old Geetika was found dead on August 5 at her Ashok Vihar residence in North West Delhi. In her August 4 suicide note, Geetika said she was ending her life due to \"harassment\" by Kanda and his aide Aruna Chaddha, co-accused in the case. They, however, denied the charge.Earlier, Kanda's anticipatory bail plea was rejected by the trial court and the HC, following which he surrendered before the police on August 18.The trial court had also rejected Chaddha's bail on September 7 and October 15. She had sought bail on the ground that she is a single-parent and has a seven-year-old daughter and also old parents to look after.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059762", "title": "Molly Aunty Rocks garners good response all over", "text": "Director Ranjith Sankar has just returned from Singapore, and is upbeat about the kind of response that his latest flick, 'Molly Aunty Rocks', is receiving from across the globe.The movie, which stars Revathy in the title role, is about a woman who is bold enough to do what she feels is right. It also stars Pithviraj as an egoistic bureaucrat. The movie, which opened in Singapore on a single screen, has already completed more than 100 shows in the US. \"This week, we will screen the flick in New York and Dallas,\" says Ranjith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17054182", "title": "Kids' competition to spread awareness on diabetes", "text": "KANPUR: With an aim to create awareness on diabetes among children, Uttar Pradesh Diabetes Association (UPDA) has launched a drawing and slogan writing competition in schools on the occasion of World Diabetes Day on November 14 this year.The details and topic of competition were announced by senior members of UPDA in a press conference here on Thursday.A recent World Health Organization report has revealed how the ailment is increasingly afflicting the youth nowadays.\"Prevalence of diabetes has gone up by six times in the last three decades in the city, leaving more than one-fifth of these suffering from additional complications of the heart, eye, kidney and blood vessels, says data collated from international medical journals. The kids often inherit the problems,\" said Dr Brij Mohan, President UPDA.Dr Nandini Rastogi of UPDA while addressing the media laid special emphasis on the need to create awareness among kids about diabetes.Talking about the programme schedule of the competitions, Dr Rastogi informed that students from class 6 to 10 can take part in these competitions. The schools can shortlist their representatives and send their details by November 03.The topic for the drawing and slogan writing competition is 'Change Your Lifestyle and Prevent Diseases: Be Healthy'.\"The selected drawings and slogans will be displayed in the UPDA seminar on Diabetes day at Lucknow on November 18. The first, second and third prize winners will be given cash rewards of Rs 8000, 5000 and 2000 respectively,\" added Dr Rastogi.Talking about the programme schedule of the competitions, Dr Rastogi informed that students from class 6 to 10 can take part in these competitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17056766", "title": "Delay shows up security gaps", "text": "The beaching of oil tanker MT Pratibha Cauvery in Chennai on Wednesday exposed serious lapses in security, and showed that the government's claims about putting in place a foolproof coastal defence apparatus after the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks were unfounded. Not only did the coast guard, marine police and Navy fail to rescue the stranded crew of the ageing vessel, they also appeared to find nothing amiss even six hours after the ship lost anchor and drifted towards the shore. A coast guard vessel arrived more than six hours after the crew sent out distress signals on Wednesday.Veeresh Mallik, a senior maritime safety expert in Delhi, said the director-general of shipping and Chennai port officials should be held accountable for allowing a 31-year-old vessel to ply in Indian waters. \"The DG shipping does nothing about an alarming increase in cases of dead vessels,\" he said, referring to the tanker's losing its main propulsion plant, boilers and auxiliaries due to the absence of power. \"The authorities should investigate reports that the licence and insurance of the vessel had expired,\" Mallik said. Indian ports have become a safe haven for dead vessels, he said. The grounded vessel was awaiting permission from the owner to sail to a dry dock as it was not seaworthy.Security experts said ships can enter Indian waters at will as there are no security checks. Another 26/11 is a real possibility, say marine defence specialists. The Pratibha Cauvery is the second large vessel to run aground near Chennai in less than a year. Another dead vessel, OSM Arena, beached near Marina in Cyclone Thane last December . Several large vessels, including cargo ship MV Wisdom and MV Pavit, have run aground in Mumbai in the past three years.A senior official in DG Shipping, Mumbai, said the Mercantile Marine Department (MMD) in Chennai, which is supposed to inspect vessels entering waters off the city, faces an acute staff crunch. \"Despite repeated alerts, the shipping ministry has not filled vacancies in MMD,\" he said. \"MMD, Chennai, does not have senior officials, with the post of deputy chief surveyor and vessel surveyor vacant. It is only clearing certificates of seamen now.\" If MMD had the manpower it could have saved the lives of the sailors who died while trying to escape from Prathibha Cauvery, he said.Control of India's ports is the purview of the shipping ministry and the coast guard and Navy blame the shipping ministry allowing ships that are not seaworthy into docks in various ports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17054943", "title": "Temperature falls, but dengue cases continue to rise in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: In spite of fall in temperature, seven new cases of dengue have been reported by the Noida health department out which three were from Delhi, said officials. Till now, 50 cases of dengue have been confirmed by the health department, 14 being Noida residents.Health officials said that many patients living in east Delhi came to Noida hospitals for treatment. \"The hospitals in east Delhi are few and they are already overburdened,\" said Satendra Kumar, district malaria officer.Suspected cases of dengue were sent to the Ghaziabad district hospital for verification. \"There were 45 new samples collected from various private hospitals and we sent them for a second round of verification before considering them confirmed cases of dengue,\" said RK Garg, CMO, Noida.Sources say trouble is brewing between the district hospital and health department. The first batch of 47 samples collected from private hospitals was sent to the district hospital out which 26 cases of dengue were confirmed. However, considering the cases 'suspicious', the next batch was sent to the Ghaziabad district hospital.District hospital officials, however, said there is no reason to doubt the testing done there. \"The kit through which the testing is done was given to the hospital by the CMO. Unless there is something wrong with that, there is no way that the test results can be wrong,\" said Dr Ashok Mishra, CMS, Noida.Health department officials, however, denied that there was any ulterior reason to send samples to Ghaziabad. \"The Ghaziabad laboratory is of a state level and there is no problem if we send it there,\" said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054701", "title": "AP signs memorandum of understanding on power restructuring", "text": "HYDERABAD: Seven states including Andhra Pradesh have expressed their willingness to join the power sector restructuring programme announced recently by the Centre. Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Tamil Nadu along with AP have signed memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Centre. The scheme was announced keeping in view the fragile financial health of power utilities coupled with serious systemic deficiencies in the working of state Discoms.As per the announced scheme, 50% of the outstanding short-term liabilities of the power Discoms to lending institutions would be taken over by the state government. The Discoms would issue bonds to the participating lenders backed by state government guarantee. During next 2 to 5 years, the state government would take over this liability through issuance of special securities in favour of the lenders in a phased manner, till the entire bonds corresponding to 50% of short-term liability of the Discom is taken over by the respective state government. Discoms have to take the responsibility for the remaining 50% of liabilities.\"The state Discoms already reeling under Rs 23,000 crore losses indicate that the entire power sector in the state may collapse anytime given the present financial position,\" pointed a senior official working in the power sector.Four power Discoms claimed that they had already incurred losses of over Rs 1,500 crore saying that the Electricity Regulatory Commission (ERC) has not accepted their Fuel Surcharge Adjustment (FSA) claims for 2008-09 and 2009-10 fiscals in total. The ERC is yet to approve another chunk of FSA claims amounting to Rs 8,000 crore. Meanwhile, pressure from the state government is mounting to purchase power at high rates and supply the same to agriculture sector which pays nothing under the free power scheme. \"In case FSA claims are again turned down or trimmed, the Discoms will plunge into a deeper financial crisis,\" cautioned senior officials of APTransco.State Discoms see great opportunity in the financial restructuring scheme announced by the Centre at a time when all of them are on the verge of collapse.\"There would be a moratorium on repayment of principal for 5 years including the maturity period of the bonds and special securities put together, so that there would not be much problem for the state governments also,\" elaborated energy department sources.The exact period of moratorium, rate of interest etc would be decided by banks in consultation with participating states and the RBI, and repayment will only commence at the end of 5 years with one tenth of the principal being repaid to the lending institutions every year. \"The restructuring plan will not have any immediate implications for state finances due to the moratorium on repayment of the principal and even the interest payment would be due only in the next fiscal,\" said a senior officer in finance department.RBI which is acting as nodal agency for the financial restructuring plan has asked all state governments to come out with special time-line for phasing of special securities in favour of Discoms and spell out their mind on the interest rate to be applicable for the bonds issued by state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17055769", "title": "Police release sketch of Ponda murder accused", "text": "PONDA: Police have released a sketch of a man, suspected of murdering Suvarna Gaude, of Bokadbag-Ramnathi in Ponda. The woman was found lying dead on a road at Tiska-Usgao on May 13.The head of the woman was smashed with a heavy object. Police also found a stone with bloodstains on it, abandoned near the body at the crime site. The clothes on the deceased's body were also torn.As per police information, the man appears to be a migrant labourer aged about 35 years. His height is about 170 cm with medium build and dark complexion. He had a beard, a trimmed mustache and black hair.The police have also declared a cash award of Rs 10,000 to the person providing any information or clue leading to the arrest of the accused and assured to keep the identity of the informant, a secret. Police said that the woman was mentally unstable and was staying at her parents' house at Conquirem-Guleli in Sattari.Police added that some eyewitnesses have informed them that the woman was seen walking around on the streets of Tiska-Usgao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053734", "title": "Digital divide: 'Lakhs stare at blank TVs'", "text": "MUMBAI: Vidyesh Rupal, a Chembur resident who works with a public relations firm, said he couldn't watch a single newscast on the small screen before leaving for work on Thursday as his analog television signals were unplugged. \"My neighbour's friend is missing after the cyclone hit Tamil Nadu's coast and I couldn't see any footage,\" Rupal said.Like him, approximately six lakh viewers in the city, cable operators said, could not watch cable-connected TV following a total shutdown of analog signals from the midnight of Thursday. The Bombay high court on Wednesday refused to extend the deadline for for cable operators to implement the digital system.In spite of the high court ruling, Cable Operators and Distributors' Association (CODA), led by Anil Parab, have lined up a morcha to the collectorate's office on Friday morning. \"We want the analog signals for six lakh viewers to be restored soon. If not, we may resort to a stronger agitation. We can also stop all signals of broadcasters at our level,\" Parab warned at a meeting attended by around 1,000 local cable operators.\"The government is misleading people. While authorities in Delhi say digitalization in Mumbai was 100% complete, local officials claim the figure is 90%. According to us, only 75% to 80% digitalization is complete.\"On the other hand, Ashok Mansukhani of the Mutimedia System Operators' Alliance said digitalization has been smooth. \"The government has clear directions that the cost of basic set-top boxes should be Rs 800 and officials are taking action against those overcharging people. On Wednesday, 50,000 set-top boxes have moved from multimedia system operators to local cable operators, which is an evidence of the acceptance of the new system. As far as fees and revenue-sharing are concerned, there won't be any confusion as the customer is king and not any operator.\"Several Mumbaikars, though, continued to complain that local cable operators have been citing shortage of set-top boxes as well as manpower and are continuing to overcharge. \"I fit a basic set-top box at home at Rs 1,500, almost Rs 700 to 600 more than what my neighbour paid seven months ago,\" said Raj Kadam from Thakur Nagar in Jogeshwari (East).Amit Meshram of Kandivli said when he approached his cable operator, he noted down his details and asked him to wait for two days as there was a waiting list. \"This means a blank screen for another week.\"Mulund's Saylee Dalvi, too, was worried that she and her kids may miss the upcoming cricket series and popular television shows. Sion's Akanksha Udar said, \"We need to arrange the money for a set-top box ahead of Diwali.\" Rajendra Kamath, a Matunga resident, though, is among the few who are looking forward to peaceful evenings at home without TV.The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) had directed closure of analog signals in four metros-Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai -and release of only digital signals. According to sources in the collector's office, as only around 7% Mumbaikars had to buy set-top boxes, the shortage would be tackled over the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054462", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation launches intensive drive to avoid dengue outbreak", "text": "NAGPUR: The NMC health department officials, during their three-day intensive drive to curb vector-borne disease, came across 2,691 breeding grounds of Aedes Aegypti mosquito - the dengue causing mosquito - across the city.Aedes Aegypti mosquito transmit dengue, a viral fever. The health officials are trying to make people understand that contrary to popular perception, dengue causing mosquitoes breed in clear and clean water.North Nagpur is worst affected area as far as Aedes Aegypti mosquitoes are concerned, confirmed NMC medical officer Dr Ashok Urkude.With increasing anxiety over dengue, the health department has stepped up its campaign to sensitize people on the causes leading to spread of dengue and its prevention. \"Many residential areas in the city have been identified as susceptible areas and door-to-door visits are being carried out to appraise people on preventive strategies,\" disclosed Dr Urkude.During their visits to around 54,602 homes (from October 29 to October 31), health officials destroyed many mosquito breeding grounds, claimed Dr Urkude. Insisting that there was no need to panic, Dr Urkude said, \"We just want to ensure that all adequate steps have been initiated to avoid an outbreak.\"Apart from 140 officials from the health department, the civic body is also pressing its teaching faculty and students from its 24 higher secondary schools to sensitize people, he added.Each student will visit at least 10 houses in the neighbourhood to ensure there are no mosquito breeding grounds. They will also appeal residents to observe dry day by cleaning water accumulated in old tyres, open water tanks and rooftops.However, residents alleged that neither anti-mosquito oil has been sprayed in drains nor is NMC carrying out fogging. Even corporators have rapped the corporation for this laxity. \"NMC authorities are not carrying out fogging in my Maskasath ward properly. Due to dumping of garbage in at least six open plots and unclean surroundings in many areas, the ward has become a breeding ground for mosquitoes,\" complained Congress corporator Alka Dalal.The civic body has six fogging machines and allotted one each to two zones. But nothing is being done, alleged the corporators. Corporators wondered that how a handful of health department officials and sanitary workers can visit over 54,000 houses in just three days between 7 am and 2 pm.One of the north Nagpur corporators Savita Sangole blamed the health department for mosquito menace. Endorsing Sangole, activist from North Nagpur Raja Dronkar too claimed that the civic body had failed to ensure curtail mosquito menace in North Nagpur. One fogging machine has been allotted to two zones, but these are hardly used, alleged BSP corporator Kishore Gajbhiye from Chandramani Nagar.Refuting these allegations, Dr Urkude claimed that adequate steps have been initiated to check spread of dengue. \"At present, the mosquito density in the city is between 16 and 12, which is the lowest. This shows that we have managed to check mosquito menace,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17056033", "title": "UP to implement groundwater schemes in 36 districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Agriculture production commissioner Alok Ranjan has directed the groundwater department to prepare groundwater management and conservation schemes in 108 development blocks of 36 districts on a priority basis. To implement the schemes in a time-bound manner, chief development officers of the districts concerned should be appointed the nodal officers, said APC. He directed for the implementation of June 2012 government order (GO) in this regard on priority basis in all districts.He also asked the ground water department to computerise the data available on rain water harvesting and groundwater recharge. APC had issued the directions in a meeting held on Wednesday.He also directed the agriculture department to encourage, in the areas facing scarcity of water, crop varieties which require little water to grow and focus on techniques of better water management in such regions. The groundwater management and conservation should be prepared on watershed basis, and groundwater department, agriculture department and remote sensing application centre will have to co-ordinate. SK Dwivedi, special secretary, groundwater department, said working plans for five districts - Aligarh, Saharanpur, Kannauj, Firozabad and Chitrakoot - will be prepared with the help of water and power consultancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055611", "title": "Mother-son duo held for multiple thefts", "text": "NASHIK: The mother-son duo arrested by the Sarkarwada police for thefts, were remanded in judicial custody by a city court on Thursday. Seema Bhise (40) and her 17-year-old son, residents of Panchvati, were arrested from the Main Road area of the city on Tuesday after cops received a tip-off about the duo, wanted since five to six months in connection with multiple theft cases in the city. The duo was seen lingering near a shop on the Main Road area of the city.On May 24, the owner of a computer showroom had lodged a complaint with the police that a laptop worth Rs 45,000 was stolen by a woman and one more person on May 1. The theft had come to light only after the staff at the showroom was reviewing the footage captured by the closed circuit television camera.After being arrested, the accused confessed to have stolen a laptop from the same showroom. During the investigation, the police also recovered designer glasses worth Rs 20,000, computer accessories and several other electronic items collectively amounting to Rs 90,000 all of which were stolen from shops at MG Road, Ghankar Galli, Panchvati Karanja, Nehru Garden as well as Ganjmal.DCP Sahebrao Patil said the accused wanted to match the lifestyle of their neighbours and hence took to petty burglaries. He said the modus operandi of the duo was to divert the attention of the owner or the watchman of the shop and steal articles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053785", "title": "Junior golf tours on the swing", "text": "MUMBAI: Catch them young, seems to be the new motto of the Indian Golf Union. In recent years, we have seen quite a few junior golf tournaments which augurs well for the game. But many of these tournaments are mostly held in the Northern, Eastern, or Southern parts of the country, while the Western region is normally bypassed. That's mainly because golf, as a sport, has still not caught the fancy of youngsters in this part of the country. In fact, hardly any golfing talent has come up from the Western region in many years.Things, though, seem to be changing now. Some promising juniors have come up from this part of the country, and more and more tournaments are now being held here too. From Monday onwards, over 100 leading Indian junior golfers will be seen in action in the Mumbai leg of the Toyota-IGU Western India Junior Championship, at the Bombay Presidency Golf Club (BPGC). The Mumbai round will be the fifth leg of the Toyota-IGU Junior Tour calendar and will feature the leading golfers in the under-18 and under-14 age groups.The points earned from these tournaments will be used for national team selections and international tournament eligibility as well as for the 'Player of the Year' award. In selecting the No. 1 ranked player, points are totaled from seven tournaments which must include the four zonal championships -- North, South, East and West, as well as the All India Junior Finals and the best two other tournaments from the season.The strong cast of top juniors will be fighting it out over 72 holes in the under-18 age group, among them names like Shubhankar Sharma, Viraj Madappa, Manu Gandas, Aman Raj and Abhishek Kuhar, who are among the leaders. In the under-14 age group category, Prakhar Asawa from Chandigarh Golf Club is in top form, having won the Toyota IGU Chandigarh Junior leg. Piyush Sangwan (DLF Golf and country Club ) and Feroz Garewal (Chandigarh Golf Club) will also be driving their golfing skills to champion their age group.One of the sidelights of the tournament will be a golf clinic, which will be conducted by professional golfer Harmeet Kahlon on the opening day of the tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17054074", "title": "Mosquito nets flying like hot cakes across Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Migrant workers from Karnataka and the northeast, who come to Madurai during Diwali to sell their wares ranging from readymade garments to plastics, are making a killing by selling mosquito nets this year. Their income has gone up more than what it did in the last few years.Krishna Kumar from Mangalore says he has been coming to Madurai for the last 10 years and that their idea to sell mosquito nets was excellent. He said they were going to collect more from Bangalore and had decided to concentrate only on selling such nets, which had all all-time demand as it helped keep the ubiquitous mosquito away.He said he had come up with the idea to sell nets when many people approached him asking for them, despite him not having any. He said his entire stock of 150 nets that he brought on an experimental basis was sold out last week. Hence he went back for new stock to Tirupur.S Srimathy of Anna Nagar who was purchasing a net said the mosquito menace was increasing in her area by the day and fumigation with even neem leaves did not help. \"Mosquito coils help to some extent but then my friend told me the fumes were not good for my four-year-old son. So I decided that a mosquito net was the best option and bought four for Rs 300 each,\" she said.Venketraju from Bangalore said a group of about 200 of them migrated to Madurai during this season with their goods, but that mosquito nets were helping them make good profits this season as compared to the last two years. \"Last year, many of us did not want to go back home because of heavy losses, but this year is really good thanks to the rains,\" he said. Nets range from Rs 150 to Rs 300 based on size. These merchants have decided not to decrease prices much after customers negotiate as the demand continues to be good.The alarming dengue deaths are one of the reasons why people are seeking mosquito nets. Residents in Anupanadi say overflowing drains and garbage were causing concern and that the corporation did not seem to be clearing it on a war footing. Meanwhile, NGOs and the Madurai corporation are coming up with awareness campaigns and posters asking people to avoid storing water in containers and to get rid of clutter to help tackle dengue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17054035", "title": "Hair-raising bid at smuggling!", "text": "CHENNAI: Talk about innovations in gold smuggling and this woman takes the cake. Zuraiya Mumtaz, a 55-year-old Sri Lankan national, was arrested at Chennai airport in the wee hours of Thursday for smuggling in gold biscuits weighing 700g hidden in her wig.Before Mumtaz arrived from Colombo by a Sri Lankan Airlines flight, officials had received specific intelligence about a possible courier coming to the city with gold concealed either on the body or in the baggage. Mumtaz managed to clear the Customs counter and was almost on her way out. When customs officials stopped her at the door, she resisted their attempts to search her. CISF women personnel were called in to help.They checked her baggage but found nothing. The customs officials then asked the women personnel to carry out a body search which too proved futile. One official insisted that the personnel carry out a search of her wig and head bun. Mumtaz said she was balding and hence she wore a wig and pleaded to be let off. When the women personnel searched the head bun, gold biscuits came tumbling down.The officials recovered seven gold bars weighing nearly 100gm each, together valued at 25 lakh. On interrogation, Mumtaz confessed that she had made a dozen trips to India, mostly Chennai. This time she told the officials that she was visiting her relatives in Chennai.Finally she confessed that someone in Colombo had given her the gold and asked her to smuggle it. She would be paid 5,000 in addition to the flight tickets. She pleaded with authorities to pardon her as she came from a poor family. She is the 15th Sri Lankan national to be arrested for gold smuggling in the last two months. Customs officials have upped their ante after inputs that Sri Lankan nationals were being used as couriers to smuggle gold into Chennai.In an earlier attempt, one courier brought in two photo albums spiral-bound with gold wires and an abacus made of golden rods. The smuggler, Seguadam Mohamed Rifai, was nabbed and the officials seized 890gm of 24-carat gold camouflaged as rings, rods and buttons in an abacus, a trolley bag, a photo album and his jeans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17056619", "title": "Kharagpur IIT invites entries for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKshitij 2013\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: IIT, Kharagpur has invited entries from engineering-management students for participating in its annual techno-management fest 'Kshitij' scheduled to be held in February , 2013.Entries have been invited for over 40 events encompassing nine diverse genres. Popular night-long coding competition 'Overnite' and aircraft designing competition 'Laws of Motion' are among the events. Online competitions will commence from the first week of November. Interested students should send their submissions before December 15. To participate in the fest the students need to register on the website , said the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17054959", "title": "Khalsa youth wing of Madhya Pradesh to organize modelling competition", "text": "BHOPAL: Khalsa youth wing of Madhya Pradesh will organize quarter-final round of modelling competition 'Mr. Singh International -2012' at Samanvay Bhavan on November 3.In all, 35 participants from various parts of the country, including Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Gujarat and MP will participate in the event. The contest will start from 7 in the evening.Medical camp held: Under the corporate social responsibility, BHEL, Bhopal, conducted a medical camp at Paderia village. The camp was conducted at Kasturba Hospital BHEL. Around 400 villagers and school students were examined in the camp. Besides, free medicines were distributed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17056616", "title": "SFI move to disrupt Rajyotsava Day celebrations foiled", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore city police arrested 47 members of the Students' Federation of India and later released them on station bail after they attempted to disrupt the Rajyotsava Day speech of minister for higher education CT Ravi here on Thursday. They wanted to stage a protest against a proposed move of the state government to close down several government schools in Karnataka based on recommendations of R Govinda Committee.The activists who were waiting in the flanks of Nehru Maidan with placards denouncing the government move rushed towards the dais as Ravi, the district in-charge minister started his speech. Police who had prior information of such a protest immediately swooped down on the activists and took them to the office of city police commissioner across the road. From there, they were driven down to Mangalore South police station in a police van.A non-flustered Ravi, unmindful of the commotion unfolding before him went ahead with the speech even as police went about their task of clearing the protesters. City police chief Manish Kharbikar told TOI that a case registered against the activists headed by SFI state joint secretary Jeevan Raj Kuthar in the jurisdictional south (Pandeshwar) police station under varion sections of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17054897", "title": "MCG fails to issue challans to violators", "text": "GURGAON: Even as cases of dengue are on the rise, the MCG has still not been able to issue challan to even a single household for not maintaining hygienic conditions, leading to breeding of mosquitoes. According to MCG officials, they are awaiting orders from the district authorities. The MCG's chief medical officer also claims that a Supreme Court order prohibits random fogging since diesel is used by fogging machines. The officer says that according to the court ruling, only the neighbourhood from where a confirmed case of dengue has been reported should be fogged.\"The reason why we have not been able to issue any challan so far is because we haven't received any written order from the concerned authorities. We have only received some verbal orders on how much fine we can impose on those who are not maintaining unhygienic conditions that lead to mosquito breeding,\" said Dr VK Thapar, chief medical officer, MCG.\"We don't have any basis on which we can issue a challan. If we do so, we might have to enter into legal issues. We cannot issue challans till the time we receive a written order,\" Thapar said.Thapar claimed that even though they are helping the district authorities carry out fogging, he said that it should be done in a proper way. \"The Supreme Court has put a ban on fogging as it is done by using diesel and is harmful for the environment. The court ruling says that fogging should be done only around an area from where a positive dengue case is reported. We are doing our bit by providing the infrastructure needed to the district administration to carry out fogging,\" Thapar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059011", "title": "Nigel Akkara is back on screen", "text": "You've seen him as a toughened convict in Muktodhara and now, Nigel Akkara is back on screen and stage in Alokananda Roy's latest production, 'Mokshagati'. The plot follows emperor Ashoka, and his progress towards moksha or self realization. Says the danseuse and choreographer, \"It's a unique concept where I've tried to marry the stage and the screen. We have already shot the indoor portion of the production. The outdoors will be canned in the first week of December. The stage show is on on January 27. That's where we are planning to seamlessly incorporate the screen bits.\"  Alokananda plays a multitude of roles in the production. \"I'm a village dance teacher. I'm also Ashoka's mother. I play Mokshada , who guides Ashoka to his moksha. The whole incident takes place in Kalinga but I've used Kalinga not as a place but as a character. You can say that I play Ashoka's conscience. The name of the character is called Bharti Amma, a take on Mother India. The character tries to dissuade the emperor from going to war. Kalinga would be ravaged, says Bharti Amma. And since Kalinga is not just a place but a character, Ashoka will end up killing his brother. The story revolves around the whole Buddhist notion of forgiveness.\" The technical director of the screen portion is Anil Kuriakose while Alokananda is the artistic director. How was it directing Nigel, we ask. \"He will always be Valmiki for me,\" says Alokananda, referring to Nigel's Valmiki Pratibha act in Muktodhara. \"I'm happy with the way the production is shaping up. Nigel has a big role to play in it. He embodies Ashoka but his character is called Mokshagati.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17054293", "title": "TNPSC paper leak: Odisha lawyer held", "text": "COIMBATORE: An accused in the TNPSC question paper scam was arrested in Orissa and produced before a judicial magistrate court at Perundurai in Erode district on Friday. He has been lodged in a sub jail at Erode.The accused, identified as Gagan Bihari Senapathi, 49, is a lawyer from Bhubaneswar. Two others, one a relative of Gagan and the other a printing press worker at Bhubaneswar, are absconding. Four other accused - Anand Rao, Thiyagarajan, Senthilkumar and Sridar Raj - have been arrested in connection with the scam. They told police that they received the TNPSC question papers from Gagan Bihari Senapathi. Based on their confessions, eight special teams led by deputy superintendent of police (CBCID- Coimbatore range) Rajarajan conducted detailed investigations in Andhra Pradesh, Orissa and West Bengal. A special team arrested Senapathi on October 30 in Bhuvaneswar and brought him to Erode by train. On Friday, he was produced before a court and remanded to judicial custody.According to sources, a relative of Senapathi, Mohan Mandan, was also secured by police. But the CBCID has denied the report.Mohan Mandan who was working with the printing press plotted the plan with the help of Senapathi. They decided to make money by selling the question paper in Tamil Nadu with the help of Anand Rao.The scam came out when Senthilkumar, who completed his PhD, and his brother Thiyagarajan, a driver from Tiruvallur district, were arrested on the basis of information provided by the other accused and they confessed to having got the paper from Anand Rao. Senthil Kumar had appeared for the written test for TNPSC Group II armed with the leaked question paper.The special team nabbed Anand from Visakhapattanam. Following the interrogation of Rao, police traced the origin of the question paper leak. Thiyagarajan claimed that he paid Rs 4 lakh to Rao for the paper in order to 'help' his brother in the TNPSC exam.TNPSC Group II exam was conducted on August 11 across the state. At an exam centre in Erode, candidates noticed a woman going through hand-written questions and answers prior to the exam. Suspecting that the paper may have been leaked, they informed invigilators. When she was taken in for interrogation, she told police that her husband, a bus conductor, had given her the question paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055521", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation to transfer its plot to NMC for Rs 1.25 crore", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has decided to transfer its plot of land at Anandvalli to the NMC housing project for Rs. 1.25 crore.The NMC has been building houses for the poor at different locations across the city. One of the housing projects is coming up on a 9,700 sq m plot in Anandvalli area in the city. But after the NMC planned a housing scheme on the plot, it discovered that the land belonged to the MIDC. Subsequently, the NMC requested MIDC to transfer the land. Speaking to TOI, a senior MIDC official said, \"We have already decided to transfer our 9,700 sq m plot to NMC and demanded Rs 1.25 crore for it. NMC is yet to communicate with us.\"The standing committee of NMC on October 25 had decided to pay Rs 1 crore to MIDC in exchange of the plot in Anandvalli. \"We have no such information that the standing committee had decided to pay us Rs 1 crore,\" an MIDC official said.The NMC has got the approval from the Centre under the JNNURM to build 16,000 houses for the slumdwellers and poor people. But, the NMC has set the target of building 11,200 houses as per the availability of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "guwahati/shillong/agartala", "code": "17056691", "title": "North East fumes at LPG hike", "text": "GUWAHATI/SHILLONG/AGARTALA: The Centre's decision to hike the price of non-subsidized cooking gas (LPG) by Rs 26.50 on Thursday evoked sharp reaction from consumer forums and people across the northeast.Chief coordinator of the Consumers' Legal Protection Forum ( CLPF), Ajoy Hazarika, termed another hike in LPG cylinders as \"anti-people\". \"Commoners will be badly hit by this decision. Black marketeering of LPG cylinders is already rampant. If the Assam government does not take steps to curb this, there will be total chaos. It seems many families will have to shift to firewood from LPG if the hike goes on this way,\" said Hazarika.Madhurima Saikia, a housewife residing in the Narengi area of the city, said the UPA government has lost the confidence of people. \"We just can't tolerate such a decision. The hike in LPG prices has become a joke. How we will run our kitchens,\" she added.Sankar Medhi of Maligaon area said, \"It seems the government is going to take more such harsh decisions in the coming days in the name of economic reforms.\"In Shillong, the hike in LPG price has also enraged the residents. \"These are the ill effects of the Manmohan Singh-government's blind following of neo-liberalism, which effectively leaves out the poorer sections of society from gaining from the state resources. We are supposed to be a welfare state, but the Central government has become a slave of western capitalism, a trend against which the vast impoverished masses of India will have to revolt,\" says a prominent trade union leader.\"I am shocked. Is there no one in the Congress who understands the plight of women, most of whom in this country spend most of their time in the kitchen,\" asked Saroj, a young housewife, who is finding it difficult to make two ends meet with her husband's meager salary.Rubia Hassan, a student pursuing degree in political science in a Shillong college, added, \"The Congress government is only catering to the greed of the rich and the people will show it its place in the forthcoming elections, both in the state and the country.\"Tripura food and civil supplies minister Manik Dey criticized the decision of the Centre and stated that the UPA II government don't have any ground to remain in power as they have virtually announced a war against common people.\"Such an undemocratic and anti-people government should resign immediately,\" said Dey. He added that said adding that in Tripura the price of the non-subsidized cylinders have hiked by Rs 29.50 and Rs 31 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17056627", "title": "Cops seek traders' help to beef up surveillance", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city police are seeking the help of traders in the city to prevent and detect crimes. They are planning an ambitious project of bringing the entire city under surveillance by integrating the security cameras installed at the commercial establishments to the surveillance network of the police.City police commissioner Putta Vimaladitya has already held a meeting with the representatives of the traders in the city and informed them about the plan.The traders have been asked to install surveillance cameras in their shops. They have also been told to install at least one camera outside the shop, covering the entrance area and the road in front so that they could provide evidence for crimes that occur outside the shops too. The traders have also responded positively to the initiative, said police sources.However, being part of the initiative is not mandatory for the traders, said the commissioner.\"We have taken this decision after we found that thefts, including that of vehicles, have increased in the city,\" said the DCP. Most crimes occur at busy markets and shopping centres, he said. The plan is to integrate the closed circuit cameras installed at the shops to the surveillance network of the city police. The video footages of the cameras will be checked whenever a crime occurs. \"We are hoping to establish a wide camera surveillance network in the city by November end,\" he added.The city police already have about 200 surveillance cameras installed at major locations. The video footages of these cameras are constantly monitored by the officials at the police control room. The initiative, if implemented, would strengthen the surveillance system of the city police by manifolds, the DCP said.The new initiative will be on the lines of the model successfully implemented by the Kochi city police a few years ago. They could successfully solve numerous crimes with the help of the visuals in these cameras.The most sensational being the murder of a sex worker, who was found dead in a lodge room in Kochi in February 2011. The police could track the culprit, Biju, within a week with the help of a surveillance camera installed outside a shop at Kacheripadi. The camera had caught the visuals of the culprit making a call from a coin operated public phone from the spot and also walking away with the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053984", "title": "US national Nooriya Haveliwala gets 5-yr RI for drunk driving", "text": "MUMBAI: A special court on Thursday convicted US national and Colaba resident Nooriya Haveliwala for mowing down two men, including a policeman, in a drunken state in January 2010 and sentenced her to five years' rigorous imprisonment.Special judge I M Bohari found 30-year-old Nooriya guilty under various sections of the Indian Penal Code, including for culpable homicide not amounting to murder, as well as under Motor Vehicles Act and Prevention of Destruction to Public Property Act.Lamenting the recent spate of drunk driving cases, the judge said, \"Alike incidents are taking place frequently. Drivers...cannot be allowed to treat people on the road as...toys.\" The judge noted that one of Nooriya's victims, police sub-inspector Dinanath Shinde, was doing his duty while the other, biker Afzal Ibrahim, died very young.Dressed in a salwar kameez and accompanied by her mother and family friends , Nooriya betrayed no emotion while the court announced her guilty early on Thursday. But at 1.20pm, as the judge pronounced the quantum of punishment, she broke down.Public prosecutor Kiran Raikar had sought the maximum punishment of 10 years, while Nooriya's lawyer Ashwin Thool had prayed for minimum punishment on the grounds that she is a woman and that, instead of fleeing, she offered to help the accident victims.\"She lost her father due to the pressure of the incident. She is keen to do something for the society and has started an NGO to create awareness about such incidents. This is a clear reflection of her conduct. This is a one-off and the court should consider her case,\" Thool said. He added that she is the only child of her 80-year-old mother and was willing to compensate the victims.After the arguments concluded, the judge pronounced the sentence: \"Considering the behaviour of the accused during the trial, her young age, old mother, I am of the view that a balance has to be maintained between the accused and the woes of the victims.\"Besides the five years in prison, the hairstylist was fined Rs 5.23 lakh by the court. Of the amount, the court ordered Rs 2 lakh each be given as compensation to the families of Shinde and Ibrahim. Of the injured, constable Shailesh Jadhav will receive Rs 50,000 and three other constables will get Rs 15,000 each. The police station officer of Kalbadevi traffic division will be given Rs 20,000 towards Qualis' repairs.Nooriya has been out on bail since April 2010; the two months she spent in prison that year will be set off against her sentence.According to police, Nooriya was driving drunk at about 120kmph on the intervening night of January 29-30 in 2010 when she lost control of her SUV at Marine Lines. The car rammed into a passing taxi that hurtled into Shinde and Ibrahim. Her SUV then spun and crashed into a parked police Qualis, injuring four constables.Police tests showed an alcohol content of 457mg per 100ml in her blood stream, though the permissible limit is 30mg. Nooriya's lawyers had maintained she was under the influence of medicines that her father had administered to treat her cold and cough.The court on Thursday accepted the prosecution's case that Nooriya was driving drunk. \"The accused (Nooriya) cannot deny her knowledge such driving would have caused culpable homicide not amounting to murder,\" the judge said.Relying on Supreme Court judgments in the Alistair Pereira and the Sanjeev Nanda cases, the special Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act court said such acts should fall under IPC section 304(II) (culpable homicide not amounting to murder).The court refuted defence advocate Sudeep Pasbola's argument that the alcohol content of 457ml, as claimed by police tests, would have sent Nooriya into a comatose state. \"The percentage of alcohol was of rarest nature and very high,\" the judge said, adding that alcohol capacity may vary from person to person.Pronouncing that Nooriya was a habitual drinker, the judge said: \"It is to be noted that beer tins were seized from the car and her bedroom. This panchnama has been admitted by the defence. The accused holds a US passport. It appears she was habituated to consuming beer.\" The court, however, acquitted her of the charge under the NDPS Act.Pointing at pictures of Nooriya's smashed SUV, the court said it established how dangerously she was driving. It dismissed defence argument that the injuries suffered by the victims were not sufficient to cause their death; the fatalities were caused by excessive blood loss and medical mismanagement. The judge pointed out that while Ibrahim died soon after the accident, Shinde died 10 hours later. \"Attributing their deaths to alleged medical mismanagement would be akin to rubbing salt to the injuries,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054274", "title": "IAS officer says she opposed stamp duty exemption to Ramky", "text": "HYDERABAD: K Ratna Prabha, the Karnataka cadre senior IAS officer who earlier worked with the AP state government as principal secretary of various wings like revenue, municipal administration and information technology, filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court saying that she opposed the proposed stamp duty exemptions sought to be given by YSR regime to Ramky Estates. She filed her affidavit in accordance with the directive of the apex court which was hearing a petition filed by one Sudhakar Reddy of Nellore who wanted the court to examine the role of all the IAS officials and ministers who were involved in the issuance of the 26 controversial GOs that formed part of the CBI's assets case against YS Jaganmohan Reddy .Ratna Prabha maintained that, as principal secretary of revenue at the relevant point of time, she stoutly opposed the exemptions when the file came to her. Stating that such exemptions would adversely affect the revenues of the state, I had even recorded my objections to the same, she said in her affidavit. However, the matter was referred to the state cabinet which ultimately granted the exemptions and this resulted in the issuance of GO Ms No 1435 on December 4, 2008, Ratna Prabha said.She also enclosed with her affidavit the photo copies of the GO and the file in which she noted her dissent to such exemptions.She also found fault with the petitioner Sudhakar Reddy for filing the petition against IAS officers without knowing whether this GO Ms No 1435 was about the exemptions or about the allotment of land. His petition called into question the GO for land allotments wheras it pertained to exemption of stamp duty, she said and sought dismissal of the petition.She claimed that she did a lot for the state as IT secretary and some jealous elements were out to defame her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055265", "title": "State cover for endangered grey wolf in Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: To protect the Indian wolf or grey wolf that is threatened with extinction due to shrinking habitats and conflict with farmers, the revenue and forests department has said it will not compensate farmers whose domestic animals are killed by the wolf, if the cattle carcass is moved from the site where it was killed.To get compensation, farmers take the carcass of the killed animal to government offices as evidence.Praveen Pardeshi, principal secretary, revenue and forests, said the wolf is found chiefly in the grasslands of central Maharashtra, comprising Marathwada and parts of western Maharashtra such as Solapur and Satara. An endangered and protected species, there are nearly 200 grey wolves in Maharashtra.\"The wolf's habitat is same as grazing ground for domestic cattle,\" he said. The wolf kills cattle for a meal, but farmers take away the carcasses. So the wolf has to hunt for another kill. \"Farmers often poison the meat to get kill the wolves. Hence, now on, the farmers only have to inform the range forest officer of the spot where the animal was killed,\" he said, adding the wolf does not eat entrails so it is easy to confirm if an animal has been killed.\"Else, the farmer can take a picture as evidence. This will ensure the wolf finishes its meal and does not kill another animal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17056177", "title": "National award for JDT Islam", "text": "KOZHIKODE: JDT Islam orphanage and affiliated institutions have bagged the award for the best institution in child welfare in the country instituted by the Union ministry of women and child development.The award, comprising a purse of Rs 3 lakh and a citation, would he presented by President Pranab Mukherjee at a function to be held at Rashtrapati Bhavan on November 14. The award is granted on the basis of quality of performance in child welfare and the number of children served.JDT Islam, formed in 1922 to provide a safe home to children orphaned during the 1921 Malabar rebellion, has 13,000 students on its rolls now in its 26 institutions ranging from nursery school to professional colleges. All these institutions have seats reserved for orphans.The JDT Islam orphanage, the flagship institution, has 418 inmates now, of whom 56 are from other states. The orphanage is presently sponsoring education of three of its inmates who had secured MBBS admission. It had secured 100% results in higher secondary and vocational higher secondary examinations last year.JDT Islam president Dr P C Anwar said the recognition would help the institution in expanding its services. He said the institution had recently started a special school for autistic children and those suffering from cerebral palsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17055597", "title": "'Parliament is political rehabilitation for Goa's politicos'", "text": "MARGAO: Ex PWD minister Churchill Alemao may be plotting his political comeback, however, the regional political players in Salcete, considered to be the heartland of Goa's politics, have taken his announcement with a pinch of salt, even as they lamented the tendency of Goa's politicians of looking at the Parliamentary polls as a means of political rehabilitation for candidates defeated in the assembly elections.Secretary general of the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP), Anacleto Viegas, speaking to TOI, was quite vocal in his view that people who have lost the mandate of the electorate, particularly those candidates who are facing charges of corruption against them, should not be allowed to go to Parliament.\"Such candidates should be weeded out, they should be shown their place by the electorate. The Lok Sabha should not have such types of elements. What will happen to India then?\" Viegas said, adding that if Alemao is given a ticket by the Congress to contest the Parliamentary elections, \"that will only reflect badly on the Congress party\".Anton Gaonkar, a leader of the Save Goa Front (SGF), the regional outfit on which Alemao had contested the 2007 assembly polls from Navelim and won, was also critical of Alemao's plans of contesting the Parliamentary polls.\"One of the main reasons for Congress' debacle in the assembly elections was the issue of 'family raj' or dynasty politics. I fail to understand, how Churchill will be able to convince the people to elect him to Parliament, when he has been handed a humiliating defeat by the voters barely a few months ago. This only goes to show that Churchill is unable to survive without power even for a short while,\" Gaonkar said.Independent candidate, Vijai Sardesai, who has, of late, been advocating the view that regional forces in the state should come together, also concurred with the view that the growing tendency of defeated candidates at assembly elections eyeing to contest Parliamentary polls was not a healthy indication for the state's development.\"Churchill is, no doubt, a formidable candidate having a wide reach in the constituency, but the million dollar question, or rather the Rs 35,000 crore question (referring, in jest, to the scale of the illegal mining as pointed out by the Shah commission) is whether the Congress will give him the ticket,\" Sardesai said. In the same breath, he added \"Parliamentary seat should not be looked upon as political rehabilitation of defeated candidates. Such candidates, if elected, end up in not putting their best while representing the state. When you do not put in your best, you sometimes do not get the required recognition. What happens is that when you lose the assembly seat and then go to Parliament, you do not perform well there as your sight is set on the seat that you have lost. As you try half-heartedly, you don't get recognized adequately, and the state loses in the long run,\" Sardesai said.A knowledgeable source in political circles, however, said that the Churchill's re-emergence on the political horizon was just one of his old tactics to exert pressure on the Congress leadership to award the party ticket to his daughter, Valanka.\"It appears that he is banking on the disqualification petition filed against the Benaulim MLA, Caitano Silva to go in Valanka's favour. If that happens, he might strike a deal with the Congress (probably like agreeing to make his rival within the party as the state Congress chief) and demand a ticket for Valanka as his pound of flesh. And if and when there is a vacancy for the Benaulim seat (in case Silva is disqualified) he will try to come in there,\" the source said. Political sources felt that if that really was Alemao's plan, it is unlikely to succeed, for two reasons - one, the local Congress leadership will prefer to keep Alemao at bay, so as not to further antagonize its voters, and two, the Congress party leadership at the centre - especially after Rahul Gandhi taking charge of the party affairs - is unlikely to give in to Churchill's demands.A political commentator, who preferred anonymity, was of the view that the formula for revival of the Congress party was to look beyond dynasty politics and nurture young leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054494", "title": "5 MPs stuck as flight delayed for 2 hours", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Kolkata-bound flight with over 100 passengers, including five MPs, on-board was delayed for almost two hours at Mumbai on Thursday, as the crew that was to fly them was unable to arrive in time from Goa.Sources said the passengers boarded the flight as per schedule for its departure at 6.30 pm. But the AI-774 flight took off at 8.15 pm.\"We were told was that the crew was held up. One passenger was going to visit his ill father and learnt while on board that he had passed away,\" said a passenger.Air India sources confirmed that the flight was delayed since the crew was unavailable. \"The crew was coming from Goa, but their flight was delayed and we did not have a back-up,\" said a source. ``Initially, we had expected a 45-minute delay and were not prepared for such a long wait.\"Officials said the passengers were made to board and the aircraft despite the crew's absence as they would not have received an early clearance for take-off otherwise. \"Mumbai airspace is extremely congested in the evening and if we had not boarded passengers and closed doors by a certain time, we would have missed our slot in departures,\" said the source. ``Had we waited for the crew to arrive before boarding passengers, the flight would not have taken off before 10pm.\"The five MPs on board included BJD's Bhartruhari Mahtab , Congress's Saifuddin Soz and CPM's Prasanta Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056247", "title": "50 severe dengue cases studied in last 4 months", "text": "PUNE: A group of doctors studying complications in severe dengue infections have documented 50 critical cases in the last four months where patients had suffered from increased severity with multiple organ failure. Mortality rate in such patients is nearly 20% to 25%.Critical care experts attached to intensive care units of 17 private hospitals in Pune are involved in the multi-centric study titled 'Dengue Infection related Multi-Organ Dysfunction Syndrome ( DIMODS)', sponsored by the Indian Society of Critical Care Medicine, Pune branch. The study evaluates prevailing treatment strategies in ICU care and aims to churn out the best supportive ICU care for such patients.\"The objective of the study is to find the morbidity and mortality of dengue infection with 'non-hematological organ dysfunction' where the patients had suffered organ failure due to reasons other than disorders in blood like low platelet count and bleeding. Low platelets is a common finding in dengue infection, but patients rarely become critical due to low platelets and bleeding hence finding non-hematological causes of organ dysfunction is important,\" said intensivist Sameer Jog who is associated with Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital.Jog is also the chief investigator in the study along with senior critical care expert Shirish Prayag. The 50 critical dengue cases were documented between July and October 31 this year.There is no definitive therapy for severe dengue infection and treatment largely remains supportive in the form of organ specific support therapy in the form of ventilation, dialysis, drugs to increase blood pressure etc along with standard ICU care.\"After completion we expect this study would probably be the largest multi-centric study addressing dengue infection with multiorgan dysfunction in the country. So far, studies from Thailand, Sri Lanka and Malaysia have been published but they do not address critical dengue patients and Indian data is scant,\" Jog said.Jog said, \"A person with severe dengue infection has developed any of the organ dysfunction alone or in multiple combinations of six of the following dysfunction.\" Dysfunction affecting lungs called acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), haemodynamic insufficiency due to leaky capillaries causing shock (low organ perfusion), encephalopathy affecting brain, hepatitis affecting liver, acute renal injury affecting kidneys and coagulopathy affecting body blood clotting system.\"Mortality of such patients is nearly 20% to 25%. That's why our study intends to address such patients in ICU,\" Jog said.\"As the study is ongoing and has registered with all Institutional Ethics Committees at all the participating hospitals, it won't be possible to comment on the results without Ethics committee's permission which will be sought only after completion of the study,\" Jog said. The study will document at least 100 critical dengue cases with organ failure and may be completed early next year.\"I will only advise people to consult a doctor and do not panic. If any of the organ dysfunction symptoms or signs are noted by your doctor get admitted in a hospital with ICU facility,\" Jog said.The 17 hospitals involved in the study are Adity Birla Memorial Hospital (ABMH), Bharati Vidyapeeth Hospital, D Y Patil Hospital, Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital, Jehangir Hospital, KEM Hospital, Krishna Hospital, Niramay Hospital, Mai Mangeshkar Hospital, MJM Hospital, Poona Hospital, Prayag Hospital, Ruby Hall Clinic, Sahyadri Hospital, Sanjeevan Hospital, Sant Dnyaneshwar Hospital and Shashwat Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17056663", "title": "State Commission for Women chief probes Puri doc\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The State Commission for Women (SCW) on Thursday began investigation into the mysterious death of Puri-based doctor Madhabilata Pradhan after taking suo moto cognizance.The SCW intervened two days after the Congress accused a BJD legislator of harassing Pradhan mentally and pressurizing Puri chief district medical officer (CDMO) to transfer her.SCW chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi met the victim's brother, CDMO Dr Gyanendra Sahoo and senior police officers in Puri. She visited a crematorium where police had buried Pradhan's body after nobody claimed the body after her death on railway tracks on October 27. The postmortem report said she committed suicide, even though Congress alleged that she might have resorted to the extreme step under duress. Pradhan had been missing since October 12.\"I will look into the circumstances leading to her death. I am meeting her family members and district officers to collect information,\" Panigrahi told media persons. A delegation of Mahila Congress activists also met her and demanded thorough probe about the involvement of some doctors and politicians of the ruling party behind her death.Brahmagiri MLA Sanjay Dasburma, who Mahila Congress accused of mentally torturing her, had earlier rubbished the allegation. But Dasburma admitted that he had recommended the doctor's transfer in the past.Panigrahi said she would soon visit the doctor's native place at Brahmagiri, about 30 km from Puri, and record the statements of her parents. Meanwhile, Pradhan's relatives told Panigrahi that they did not find her body during a search at the crematorium on Wednesday. \"We suspected that the police threw the body somewhere. Had they buried it, the body would not have disappeared,\" said Sukant Pradhan, her relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17054016", "title": "Nobody came to our help, ship captain tells police", "text": "CHENNAI: The captain of MT Pratibha Cauvery, who was airlifted from the stranded oil tanker by the Coast Guard on Thursday morning, was questioned by the police after being admitted to a city hospital.Hospital staff said Carl Fernandes, 46, told the police how the ship's crew attempted to escape to shore after the vessel ran aground on Wednesday. The ship sent out repeated requests for help but the Navy and the Coast Guard failed to respond. The agency that had hired the crew abandoned them and the vessel, and stopped supplying provisions and fuel three weeks ago.Fernandez, a native of Goa, appeared shocked when the police interrogated him, a hospital official said. He remained confined to the room, and police restricted even hospital staff from entering.A crew member who was rescued on Wednesday and questioned by the police said Fernandez could be charged with negligence, leading to the death of at least one sailor.Five sailors remained missing on Thursday, a day after 22 sailors attempted to escape the ship. MT Pratibha Cauvery has been docked off the coast for more than a month.A police officer quoted Fernandez as saying that he radioed repeated distress signals and crew members sent SOS for help after the ship lost anchor and started to drifting. \"There was no response from the coastal security agencies,\" he said. \"Crew on the bridge attempted to contact the Navy, the Coast Guard and the director-general of shipping via the Chennai port traffic signal room.\"turns from here.The captain told police that he asked for a vessel to tug the tanker out to sea. The vessel lost radio signals when Cyclone Nilam struck. The sailors then fired flares, hoping to catch the attention of the coast guard or police.He reportedly told police officers he had no choice but to order his crew to abandon ship as the vessel appeared to be sinking. \"The ship's keel hit the seabed at 2.30pm on Wednesday. The vessel was swaying as it was being buffeted by strong winds and was taking water from huge waves,\" Fernandez said.An investigating officer said the captain was under stress when he made the decision to abandon the vessel. \"The situation was very tense on the ship because neither the Navy nor the coast guard responded to distress signals from the ship even after it ran aground,\" he said.Roopak Kumar Mishra, a sailor who was on duty in the ship's communication room when the storm struck on Wednesday, confirmed that crew members made repeated signals for help. \"We were pleading for someone to save us, but no one responded,\" he said.Sastri Nagar police registered a case under Section 174 of the CrPC, based on a complaint by one of the crew members. \"We have taken statements from all the sailors. If we find that the captain is guilty of negligence, we will file charges under IPC Section 304 (a) (causing death by negligence),\" the investigating officer said.Rescued crew members told police that they had to ration a week's food over a month and drank rainwater that they collected. After the Met office issued a cyclone warning, the crew urged port officials to tug the ship out to sea, but received no response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055780", "title": "Now, deadline to fill KYC forms November 15", "text": "PANAJI: The deadline for filling up forms by LPG consumers as part of the exercise to weed out multiple connections has been extended to November 15, 2012, sources said. The oil companies had set October 31, 2012, as the last date for customers to submit their forms and papers.The customers in general and those with ghost connections have to fill 'Know your customer' (KYC) forms, but the second category has to comply with the requirement on priority. Customers with the same name and address, whose connections have been blocked, are advised to fill the KYC forms.The others who are required to fill KYC forms are those having different names and the same address.But long queues of customers were seen on Thursday, as the message about the KYC process was not understood, sources said.\"The date for filling of KYC forms has been extended for persons with multiple connections up to November 15, 2012,\" Shabhri Mandrekar, director of civil supplies, said. The oil companies are enforcing a 'One household, one connection policy'. But customers, who have no problem about their connections, are requested not to fill the forms right now but they will be covered in a phased manner, a source at the Hindustan Petroleum company said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17056488", "title": "Four cases of H1N1 reported from district", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four cases of H1N1 have been reported in Coimbatore since Wednesday. While two cases were registered in a private hospital, one case was admitted in the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) and one was house quarantined since he was not in critical condition. On Wednesday, two cases of H1N1 were registered at G Kuppusamy Naidu Memorial hospital.An 82-year-old man from Erode and another 45-year-old woman from Tirupur has tested positive and are undergoing treatment at the hospital. While two cases tested positive at the CMCH. A 19-year-old boy tested positive but was house quarantined since he was not in critical condition and was detected early. Meanwhile, 43-year-old woman from Ponnaiyarajapuram was admitted in the hospital with breathing problems and she tested positive for H1N1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17056869", "title": "Number shock: Fear of maths actually triggers physical pain", "text": "WASHINGTON: Fear of maths can activate pain networks in the brain, according to a new study. Researchers from the University of Chicago found that anxiety about maths can activate regions of the brain linked with the experience of physical pain and visceral threat detection.The study led by Ian Lyons found that in individuals who experience high levels of anxiety when facing maths tasks, the anticipation of increases activity in regions of the brain associated with the physical sensation of pain. The higher the maths anxiety, the more such neural activity was increased.\"We provide the first neural evidence indicating the nature of the subjective experience of math-anxiety,\" researchers said.Previous research has shown that other forms of psychological stress, such as social rejection or a traumatic break-up, can also elicit feelings of physical pain. But the new study examines the pain response associated with anticipating an anxietyprovoking event, rather than the pain associated with a stressful event itself.The new research suggests that simply anticipating an unpleasant event may be associated with the activation of neural regions involved in processing physical pain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17055449", "title": "Attempt for a world record", "text": "INDORE: In an attempt to make a world record, a city resident Govind Katia, on Thursday, using Ayurveda techniques 'Drinking and taking out equal quantity of water' drank 1.5 litres of water and successfully took out the same amount by inserting a tube in stomach. The water was measured through glasses before and after attempting the challenge.The challenge took place at Batukeshwar Garden at South Rajmohalla area where a many good number of people were present to see it happen. He said, \"Now we will send the recording figures to Limca Book of Records, India Book of Records and Golden Book of Records for approval. We had already taken permission and gone through the mandatory guidelines before the attempt. I want to spread the miracles of Yoga in the country and abroad,\" he saidYogacharya Katia name has already been recorded in Golden Book of Records and India Book of Records for swallowing of longest piece of cloth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17055622", "title": "Rain adds to garbage mess", "text": "BANGALORE: The wet weather during the past two days has proved that rain and garbage can be a potent mix. And Bangalore which is grappling with a garbage crisis now has a bigger mess to tackle.The non-stop rain saw pourakarmikas not turning up for work on Thursday morning resulting in garbage pile up in some areas. \"Garbage was not cleared in Rajajinagar and Basaveshwaranagar on Thursday morning. The rain has compounded the problem. Garbage heaps lie behind Basaveshwaranagar post office and Patalamma temple. Residents have to put up with unbearable stink, a soggy mess and increase in the number of mosquitoes,'' said N Lakshmi Narasaiah, former chairperson, Karnataka Land Army Corporation.Many have a similar complaint. \"Garbage in our area has not been lifted since the rains started,\" said Raj Mannar, a resident of Defence Colony. \"The road is strewn with wet leaves and twigs, and this could pose a risk to pedestrians,\" he said.Some have complained of irregular garbage clearance. \"There has been no regular collection of garbage in our area for quite some time now,\" said N Mukund, a resident of Jayanagar V Block. \"Since the rains started, there has been absolutely no garbage collection in our area,\" he added.\"Garbage has not been cleared in our area since October. And BBMP has not made even an attempt to address the issue,\" said A Vidyashankar, a resident of BTM Second Stage, ward number 176.BBMP officials said that 300 lorries were deployed to carry 3,000 tons of garbage from the city to Mundur landfill, on Thursday.Accusing the BBMP of going back on its promise of sending only 20 trucks, residents of Doddaballapur, near Terra firma, said: Nearly 50 trucks of garbage is dumped in Gundalahalli village. We have not been allowing the trucks for two days now. We cannot trust the BBMP of developing our roads and allow dumping,'' said DC Shashidhar, Doddabelavangala village panchayat member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "17054172", "title": "Break arms, legs of rapists: Sharad Yadav", "text": "REWARI: JD(U) president and MP Sharad Yadav on Thursday exhorted the khap panchayats to \"break the hands and legs of persons who dare to rape and sexually exploit dalit girls.\"Yadav, while addressing a rally organized by Haryana's opposition party Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) in Rewari, said Khaps have failed to protect the state's women. \"Instead of coming up with the bizarre explanations behind rise in rape cases against women, Khaps should do something about it,\" he said.Last month, a khap panchayat in Jind district had blamed consumption of chowmein for the growing incidents of rapes in Haryana saying it leads to hormonal imbalance. Similarly, Khap panchayats had provoked outrage after a khap leader advocated lowering girls' marriageable age from 18 to 16, saying unmarried women are vulnerable to rapes.Yadav on Thursday said, \"It was shocking that khap panchayts came up with weird suggestions but has not talked about the safety of the girls and dalits. The khaps should declare that they would break the hands and legs of persons who dare to rape and sexually exploit dalit girls.\"The INLD rally was oganised on the occasion of the 99th birth anniversary of its late leader Devi Lal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054006", "title": "Drunk woman rams BMW into auto in Mumbai, 4 hurt", "text": "MUMBAI: A few hours before Nooriya Haveliwala was convicted, another woman, who was also at the wheel in an inebriated state, drove her sedan into an autorickshaw in Mankhurd, injuring the auto driver and three members of a family inside it. One of the victims is battling for life as she has slipped into a coma following a head injury.Although the accused, Aarti Santosh Shetty (32), wife of a logistics Chembur businessman, initially blamed her chauffeur, an eyewitness confirmed that she herself was in the driver's seat.Subsequently, she was arrested and released on bail later in the day. Her driver's licence was confiscated and would be suspended, said the Makhurd police.The incident occurred around 4.30am on Sion Panvel Highway near a police chowky in Mankhurd. The Sayyed family was travelling from Kurla to Nerul in an auto after hearing about the death of a relative.According to the eyewitness, Mukund Singh, who was travelling in his car behind Shetty's BMW, both the auto and the sedan were headed for Navi Mumbai. \"Suddenly, the white BMW seemed to lose control and drove straight into the auto,\" said Singh, a freelance photographer. In the impact, Mohammed Raza Sayyed (19), was flung to the road, followed by his parents, Mohammed Hussain Sayyed (48) and Mobin Zahira Sayyed (35), and the driver, Naseer Hussain (30). Alarmed by the noise, police personnel from the nearby chowky rushed onto the road. \"The policemen found the victims lying injured on the ground,\" said Mankhurd police senior inspector Shankarsingh Rajput. They took the four to Rajawadi Hospital. The auto was mangled beyond recognition.\"The woman driving the sedan tried to flee the spot, but she again lost control and this time, rammed into a parked road-roller. Following the crash, the air bags in her car deflated, as a result of which the woman, and her friends seated behind, got stuck inside,\" Singh told TOI. He and the policemen helped the three women out of the car. \"The woman who was driving was so drunk that she could hardly stand straight. Similar was the state of her friends,\" said Rajput.At the police chowky, the women's identity was established but Shetty refused to cooperate, officials claimed. \"Other than revealing her identity, Shetty declined to answer any of the questions posed by the officials. She asked them to contact her lawyer. Shetty did not say where she had partied or why she was headed for Navi Mumbai,\" said the police. Shetty was taken to hospital where a medical test confirmed that she was drunk at the time of the accident.At Rajawadi Hospital, the doctors sent Mobin, who had suffered an injury in her head, to KEM Hospital. After operating on Mobin, one of the neurosurgeons at KEM said, \"Chances of her survival are bleak. She is in a comatose condition. She suffered internal bleeding and had a clot in her brain.\" While Hussain Sayyed, who owns a garment shop, suffered a fracture on his right foot and abrasions all over, their son has fractured his left foot and suffered minor cuts on the body. Neither Hussain nor Raza has yet been told about Mobin's critical condition.The auto driver, Naseer, also suffered abrasions on his arms, legs and back. He said the collision was so powerful that he lost consciousness for 15-20 minutes. \"More than my injuries I am worried about how to sustain my family, now that my auto is damaged beyond repair,\" he said.Shetty has been booked under sections 279 (rash driving) and 338 (grievous hurt by an act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the IPC and section 185 (drunk driving) of the Motor Vehicle Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17056654", "title": "Armed goons rob city housewife in broad daylight", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An officer of the National Security Guard (NSG) and his wife on Thursday alleged police laxity in arresting three goons involved in an armed robbery in their home in Khandagiri area.The officer, Dhiren Kumar Sahoo, said three men had barged into their Kalinga Nagar home on Tuesday morning, beaten up his wife and robbed her at gunpoint. Sahoo said his wife, Nirmala, and daughter were alone at the house at the time of the incident. Sahoo is an NSG inspector posted in Kolkata. He rushed back home from Kolkata after hearing the news and lodged a complaint at Khandagiri police station on Wednesday. But no arrest has been made as yet.The Sahoos along with some neighbours met DCP Nitinjeet Singh on Thursday, demanding immediate arrest of the culprits.Recounting the ordeal, Nirmala said she was working in the kitchen when she saw three masked men pointing a revolver and daggers at her. Her daughter was studying in another room at that time. \"Since it was morning, the door was open. I was taken aback on seeing the intruders,\" Nirmala said. \"When I raised an alarm, they attacked me with the dagger, snatched my gold necklace and some other household belongings,\" she added.Some residents of the area had gathered outside the house on hearing the commotion. \"My neighbours tried to catch the goons, but they brandished the revolver at them and fled. My neighbours took me to a nearby hospital for treatment,\" said Nirmala, who received a serious injury on the forehead.\"It's shocking that goons have the audacity to break into a house in the morning,\" Dhiren said, adding that the incident pointed at the deteriorating law and order in the city and police failure to curb such crimes.\"Our investigation is on. We are trying to nab the culprits. We are also taking the help of the neighbours, who saw the culprits escape,\" the DCP said.The daring robbery came a day after unidentified criminals attacked two traders and decamped with their money at Jadupur in the same Khandagiri area. Bansidhar Sahoo and Saroj Sahoo, who own shops in Unit-IV market, were returning home when the assailants pounced on them on Monday night.The city had witnessed daylight robberies earlier too. Armed crooks had barged into a businessman's house and attacked his wife in Bomikhal area on September 30, 2011.There is also a rise in incidents of snatching and burglary in Bhubaneswar, leaving cops in a tight spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054523", "title": "Nilam effect: Rain chills Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city witnessed heavy rains through the day on Thursday with cyclone Nilam weakening into a depression, bringing down the day temperature by 6 degree celsius with the afternoon turning into an unusual cold grey hue. The rainfall came in heavy spells at times and continued incessantly until late Thursday evening. The state capital's maximum temperature nose-dived to 24.3 degrees Celsius, as against 31.1 degree Celsius on Wednesday. The city recorded 10.1 mm rainfall by Thursday evening.Met department has forecasted rain and thundershowers at many places over the state in the next 48 hours. The rainfall would be heavy at one or two places over north coastal AP, Telangana and Rayalaseema during the next 24 hours, officials said.Weathermen said that the cyclonic storm Nilam weakened on Thursday into a depression and remained stationary over south interior Karnataka close to Chitradurga. The forecast shows that the depression would move northwestwards and weaken further into a low pressure area during the next 12 hours.Meanwhile, three trees were uprooted in the city near S R Nagar police station, A C guards near Shantinagar and Jaya Gardens near Malakpet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055759", "title": "Goa State Pollution Control Board rejects objections in excess mining case", "text": "PANAJI: At its meeting held on Thursday, the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) rejected the preliminary objections raised by mining units.Based on a PIL, the high court of Bombay at Goa had asked the GSPCB to decide on the matter of excess mining in the state validity of environment clearances (EC).The 48 mining companies had argued that the GSPCB does not have the jurisdiction to conduct a hearing in the case as ECs are issued by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).After its meeting, the board chariman, Jose Manuel Noronha, in an order said, \"The preliminary objections raised by the mine units, hereinabove, on the maintainability and jurisdiction of the board, to hear/consider, the impugned show-cause notices, are hereby rejected, at this stage. However, the submissions raised by the mine units shall be considered at the time of final disposal of the present matter.\"The Goa Foundation, who is a petitioner in the case, had demanded the rejection of the mining companies' argument that the GSPCB has no jurisdiction to conduct the hearing.The board said that it had issued a consent to the mining companies to operate under the Air and Water Act and these consent orders contain a specific condition pertaining to the quantity of mineral ore permitted to be produced.\"Having issued such consent orders with these specific conditions, I am of the firm, considered opinion, that the board has complete jurisdiction to inquire into any alleged violation of the said conditions,\" Noronha said. He added that this is a violation of the specific condition pertaining to the quantity of mineral ore permitted to be produced by the said mining units.Regarding the validity of ECs, the board said that this issue can best be decided by the authority-the MoEF-that granted the clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17056801", "title": "Anti -Naxal Force continues combing operations in Pushpagiri", "text": "MADIKERI: A 15-member Anti -Naxal Force (ANF) has continued its combing operations in the thick forests of Pushpagiri. But the operation has slowed down due to rain in the areas. So far, the ANF team has not got any clue about the presence of the Naxalites in the area.The ANF, headed by inspector Venkatasubbaiah from Karkala and sub-inspector Shivamadaiah, is meeting local people to know about the presence of the Naxalites. The team has continued its operations in Kumbaragadige, Garvale, Kotebetta, Bettadakoppa, Surlabi and Paruhole villages.According to official sources, during the combing operation in the Karkala forest area, a tent erected by the Naxalites was found. A hand written message recovered there also revealed that they are intending to strengthen their organization in Mahadeshwara Hills in Chamarajanagar area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17056362", "title": "Tribals step up demand for central university", "text": "GUMLA: Setting up a central university, the dream of former MP and union minister, Kartik Oraon is set to become a reality soon, said chief minister Arjun Munda while addressing a tribal congregation on the banks of river Sankh in Raidih block of the district on Wednesday. Tribal leaders from Bihar, Chhatisgarh, MP, and Orissa also attended the historic gathering organized by Vishwaviddhyalaya Nirman Samiti(VNS) to step up the demand for a central university. Political leaders from across party lines, including Congress, BJP and others also participated in the meet presided over by noted tribal leader, Dilip Singh Bhuriya from MP.Hailing it as a constructive inititaive in the field of education, Munda said, \"This will help connect the residents of far-flung regions with higher education.\" Kartik Oraon was deeply concerned about the future of tribal communities and had grand plans to improve their standard of living in harmony with their culture and tradition. At the same time, he was anxious about how deprived people could join the mainstream, Munda added.\"We need to ensure and make sustained efforts towards realizing his dream of a central university as a centre of knowledge,\" said he. Oraon raised the concerns of adivasis on different forums and stressed upon improving their lives.Chief convener of VNS Shivshankar Bhagat shed light on the nature of the proposed university and added that the Maoist menace could be rooted out with the establishment of a massive education centre in this region as more and more youths would then choose to take up the pen instead of wielding a gun.Kartik Oraon had visualized a \"'Santiniketan' in erstwhile Bihar,\" said Ashok Bhagat, president of VNS. Bhuriya underscored the necessity of a university for a better future.Former Chhattisgarh minister Ganesh Ram Bhagat, Bihar ST/SC Commission -vice chairman Lalit Bhagat, Odisha Raji Padha Diwan ( a traditional tribal organization), Bagi Lakra and Gitashree Oraon also expressed their concern. MP Sudarshan Bhagat, MLA Kamlesh Oraon , ex MLA Sukhdeo Bhagat were also present among others at the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17055945", "title": "Mohali on brink of being dengue capital of Punjab", "text": "MOHALI: With Government Medical College and Hospital receiving 30 suspected dengue cases, Mohali is set to earn the dubious distinction of being the dengue capital of Punjab. As far as the figure of confirmed dengue cases is concerned, Mohali is second only to Ludhiana.Till Thursday, Mohali had 123 dengue patients across the district. If the number touches 153, Mohali will overtake Ludhiana, which has 150 patients. District health authorities received a detailed list of 30 patients on October 31 after which they visited houses of suspected patients.A member of the health officials' team said, \"26 patients out of 30 were examined in GMCH-32, three in PGI and one in GMH-16 around one month ago. Patients said doctors had collected their blood samples.\" The 30 cases are considered suspected because a few tests are pending in some of these cases. A team of doctors from Mohali met their counterparts at GMCH-32 on Thursday. Mohali civil surgeon Dr Rajeev Bhalla said, \"The list of 30 patients is being scrutinized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17054032", "title": "Five water resources department schemes await inclusion in flood programme", "text": "PATNA: The shifting of erstwhile Union water resources minister P K Bansal to the railways ministry and his replacement by Harish Rawat might not result in any substantial reorientation in the stance of the ministry of water resources towards the pending issues of Bihar, but water resources department (WRD) minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary would have to retune his vibes with Rawat.The first opportunity for this could have occurred on Tuesday, as a meeting of water resources ministers of various states had been convened on the day in Delhi. However, the meeting was deferred to a date to be decided later. \"It is true that the agenda for the October 30 meeting was not Bihar, but something always transpires at the sidelines of such meetings,\" said a Bihar WRD official.The matter related to Bihar requiring consideration of the Centre are five major anti-erosion projects started by the state WRD with its own resources under plan head, hoping that the expenditure would be reimbursed by the Centre. These projects are Bagaha Town Protection Project (Rs 58 crore), raising and strengthening the embankment between Adhwara and Khiroi rivers (Rs 167 crore), Ismailpur Bindtoli protection work on the Ganga (Rs 23 crore), Gandak Pipra-Piprasi embankment and anti-erosion work (Rs 14.50 crore) and Ramayanpur anti-erosion work (Rs 10 crore) in Katihar district. The total amount involved is Rs 272.50 crore.Meanwhile, Ganga Flood Control Commission (GFCC) had earlier stated that the aforesaid five schemes posed by Bihar WRD to GFCC for inclusion in the Flood Management Programme (FMP) of the Union ministry of water resources are \"yet to be approved by the competent authority.\" GFCC, in the context of the same, had intimated the WRD, vide its letter dated July 6, that the \"plan scheme for FMP during 12th Plan is yet to be finalized and approved\", and, therefore, \"the request in respect of above schemes for inclusion under FMP cannot be processed presently.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054738", "title": "Man beats wife to death over suspected affair, surrenders", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 37-year-old rickshaw puller stoned his wife to death following an argument over an illicit affair. The murder took place in the early hours of Thursday morning in the presence of the couple's children.The incident was reported from the Holambi Kalan area in outer Delhi. After killing his wife, Phoolwati (34), the accused, Devender Dass, turned himself in at the police post at Metro Vihar. The couple had tied the knot 12 years ago.\"For the first nine years of their married life, they didn't have a child. Three years ago, Phoolwati gave birth to a son. They had a daughter last year. Devender suspected his wife of having an extra-marital affair and the couple often fought over the issue. On Wednesday night, Devender asked Phoolwati for some money to buy alcohol. A tiff ensued which soon turned into a heated argument over the alleged illicit relationship. Enraged, Dass attacked his wife with bricks and stones killing her on the spot,\" said a police officer.Cops rushed to the residence after Dass's three-year-old son confirmed the sequence of events. \"It seems that the incident took place around 1.30 am. The postmortem report will establish the exact sequence of events,\" said an investigating officer. A case of murder has been lodged at the Shahbad Dairy police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056332", "title": "Will make posters and banners", "text": "LUDHIANA: The awareness to keep their Diwali green in order to take the city's alarming pollution level down seems to be taking ground among youths here.A member of the Environment Club of BCM and a Model Town resident Yashasvi Aneja, 15 is among one such 'green' crusaders.The teen plans to conduct a week-long campaign using the school website to underline the long term damage inflicted on the environment in just one day of bursting crackers.When it comes to responsibility, it is good to start young. 12-year-old Unnati and 10-year-old Sukhman Kaur from Ryan International School, Dugri are active members of their school's environment club. This year they will make posters and banners depicting messages to promote eco friendly Diwali. The children intend to paste these posters in their neighbourhood.The army of young campaigners includes 10-year-old Vibansh and his neighbourhood eco-club of 11 members. Last week, they organized a rally to the Punjab Agricultural University asking people to desist from bursting crackers. \"Members of our club come from across the city, but we share the common aim of saving the environment. This Diwali, we are doing our bit,\" Vibhansh said.However, if the conviction of the youth fails to kill your desire for explosive crackers, go for the eco-friendly alternatives. You can buy crackers filled not with explosives but leaves. Steering clear of the combustion principle, these crackers use vacuum, spewing out no fire or smoke. But yes, you do get the same adrenaline rush, minus the toxins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17054308", "title": "Relief for river pollution gets redistributed", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has quashed a government order allocating 75 crore to be paid as compensation to 535 farmers affected by Noyyal river pollution and ordered recovery of 25 crore already distributed to 360 people before it was stayed by the court.Directing the 360 members of the Noyyal River Ayacutdars Protection Association to return the money to the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) within six weeks, a division bench of Justice R Banumathi and Justice R Subbiah said the preferential treatment to this particular association was unfair because the matter related to the fate of 28,596 farmers affected by the groundwater pollution caused by several hundreds of dyeing and bleaching units in Tirupur and Coimbatore districts.The long, complex and eventful litigation involving farmers on the Noyyal river basin and the hosiery units started in 1996, when PILs were filed seeking compensation for the lands lost and to restore the Orathanapalayam dam to its original condition. The Loss of Environment Authority identified 28,596 affected farmers in 68 villages. It also awarded 28.5 crore as compensation payable to them for a period between 1996 and 2004. The amount paid up by polluting units ran up to 75 crore and it was parked in various accounts.The Noyyal River Ayacutdars Protection Association, which spearheaded the legal battle, petitioned the state government saying its members were the worst-affected and that they needed immediate attention. On December 31, 2011 the government issued an order directing the TNPCB to give 75 crore to the association. A fresh batch of petitions was filed by other affected farmers after the association started issuing cheques to its members, many of whom encashed them too. Court passed orders restraining them from distributing or encashing cheques, but not before 360 farmers had encashed cheques worth about 25 crore. Quite controversially, the association also earmarked 15 crore for 'legal and other expenses'. The judges asked the TNPCB to distribute compensation to all the identified farmers on a pro rata basis, besides keeping adequate sum for cleaning the Orathapalayam dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nellore/ongole", "code": "17054324", "title": "Heavy rains leave villages in dark", "text": "NELLORE/ONGOLE: Several villages plunged into darkness as heavy rains battered the coastal region over the last two days. While electric poles uprooted at many places, transformers tripped in other areas leaving the villages in the dark for more than 24 hours. The authorities of Southern Power Distribution Company Limited (SPDCL) snapped supply to many of the rain-hit areas including those on the plain land to prevent accidents.According to information, the power supply was yet to be restored in at least 15 villages in Pellakur, Gudur, Balayapalle mandals in Nellore district and another 24 villages in Kothapatnam, Ulavapadu, Chinaganjam, Vetapalem and Chirala mandals of Prakasam district. In fact, more than 100 villages in each district went without power supply for several hours following the downpour.Although the officials of SPDCL promised to restore the supply by Thursday morning, the line staff could not reach the areas due to gales and rain.Many colonies in Ongole and Nellore towns too were left in darkness on Wednesday night as supply lines got snapped due to the heavy winds. \"We are delaying the restoration of power supply to some places so that we can prevent accidents. With the rain and wind continuing, there are more chances of lines getting snapped,\" said K Rajabapaiah, SPDCL chief engineer.He added that the entire line staff was already in the field and started repairing lines wherever there was no rain. He said that supply was resumed in more than 50% of the affected villages. The supply was stopped to a few villages as a precautionary measure and it was restored as soon as the rain gave a breather.Agricultural power supply was affected in Nellore district. Only 118 of the 446 feeders of 11kv got seven-hour supply in more than three spells on Wednesday. The remaining 328 feeders were not given full supply. Meanwhile, SPDCL identified breakdowns in power supplyin Krishna and Guntur districts too. While more than 40 were uprooted in Krishna district, another 100 poles were damaged in Guntur district.Villages in Bapatla, Repalle, Nizampatnam, Karlapalem and Pittalavanipalem suffered due to non-supply of power throughout the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17056633", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKey is to get fundamentals right\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Anubha Aishwarya of DAV Chandrasekharpur has been a topper since her LKG days. She also stood first in the country in the National Science Olympiad in 2007-08 and had bagged the National Talent Search Examination ( NTSE) scholarship. Hence, when she got to know that she had been selected in the final round of Times Scholars Programme, she reacted with a composure befitting of a first girl.Times Scholars' is an initiative by The Times of India to recognize and reward the brightest young minds, 45,000 of whom applied for the scholarship this year. The final round for the Top 100 - 105, to be precise - is slated for November 3 in Delhi.Anubha wants to pursue a career in research pure science. \"I am particularly inclined to physics,\" she said. \"Acquiring knowledge through research always seems exciting. I wonder how pleased a scientist would feel if his or her research helps make the society better in whatever way,\" she said. \"But more than anything else, I will regard myself successful if I am able to become a good human being. That's more important than acquiring degrees,\" she said.For higher studies, Anubha aspires to join the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) or any other good institute promoting science research such as National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER), Bhubaneswar or Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. Besides attending regular classes, Anubha is preparing for the IIT entrance. \"The most important part of the learning process, however, is to understand the fundamentals. That is most important. If one is clear about the concepts, success would follow,\" she said.Anubha is not a bookworm. She enjoys spending time pursuing her hobbies. Her paintings hanging on the walls of her house shows her ability with the brush. \"Painting helps me relax,\" she said. \"I love to read science fiction stpries. Besides, I am into stamp collecting and photography. I listen to Indian music too,\" she said.Unlike most other boys and girls of her age, Anubha is born and brought up in a joint family. Her family comprises her parents, uncle, aunt and cousin. \"It is good if all your near and dear ones are around. I feel a joint family helps broaden one's mindset,\" she said.Anubha said one big advantage for her was that her family never pressurized her to excel in her studies. \"My parents are cool. I have always set my targets myself. They only guide me. Being a homemaker, my aunt gives me more time at home,\" Anubha said. Her mother Madhusmita is a scientist at Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC). Her father Dhiren Kumar Samal is an Odisha government employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17056112", "title": "12 fresh dengue cases; toll 272", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With 12 more cases of dengue being reported from the city, the toll has gone up to 272. The Malaria Wing of the Health Department is conducting field activities for the prevention and control of dengue.Preventive measures include house to house checks. So far, officials have checked 2,015 houses with 842 coolers, 246 tyres, 94 overhead tanks and 691 containers. Four people have been challaned for failing to maintain requisite levels of hygiene at their houses.Efforts are being made to prevent breeding of larvae while officials are going from door to door to confirm dengue positive cases. Field staff teams in rural and slum areas are using larvicides at places where stagnant water is present. Fogging was done in Sector 18, Sector 48 and SD College, Sector-32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17055537", "title": "Schools told to upload RTE info by Dec 31", "text": "JAIPUR: Ironically, most of the violators (schools) are situated in areas either surrounded by middle class localities or slum areas. \"Certainly, it's a serious issue. The department is looking into all possibilities to provide remedies and to take punitive action against them,\" said Sharma. The Act does allow them to serve notices, he added but it will be of no use as the session has crossed midway.The State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) expressed shock over how 40% of the schools grossly violated RTE Act-2009. \"The commission will look into the matter,\" said SCPCR member Vishamber. The department has refused to divulge the names of any school till they submit the final report.Many violator schools claimed that they were not against admitting EWS students as the government reimbursement was higher than their own annual fees. \"The government is expected to give around Rs 8,000 per child annually, which is more than the annual fees charged by many schools,\" reads one reply sent by a school.To nail these violators, the education department has directed all schools to upload RTE information - number of seats and date of admission on their website by December 31. The circular reads: \"Schools should compulsory publish material relating to RTE to help create awareness on this Act. They should also set up helpline kiosks during admissions to render all possible help to the beneficiaries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054676", "title": "Now, Aarushi case to be heard only twice a week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hearings in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder trial will now take place only twice a week \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. The court accepted an appeal by the accused, Aarushi's parents, to dispense with the daily hearings as attending court every day was proving a tremendous financial burden on them.\"My clients (doctors Rajesh and Nupur Talwar) are getting economically strangulated because of coming to court every day for hearings,\" the Talwars' counsel Tanveer Ahmed Mir told court. The court verbally accepted the request. The prosecution agency, CBI, reportedly did not oppose the request. The case will be heard now on November 6.On Thursday, CBI examined an expert from CFSL's chemistry division, VB Ramteke, regarding the contents of four bottles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d bearing labels of Ballantine Scotch, Sprite, Sula wine and beer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d seized from the residence of Dr Rajesh Talwar after the murders on May 15/16, 2008. Ramteke told court that there was whisky in the Ballantine bottle.\"The testimony regarding the Ballantine Scotch bottle having whisky inside it is crucial because the blood found on it had DNA of both the victims,\" CBI prosecutor RK Saini told TOI. CBI claims Dr Rajesh Talwar had whisky after killing his daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj, and blood on his hands got transferred to the bottle.Before this, Mir continued the cross-examination of Vodafone's nodal officer Deepak Tomar. Mir said, \"Tomar admitted he did not personally receive the email from CBI regarding CDRs (call details records) of the three phone numbers. He also admitted that he did not know the content of conversation between the three persons using those numbers\". CBI had produced Tomar to prove the chain of calls between Dr Sushil Chaudhary, ex-Noida cop KK Gautam and Dr Dinesh Talwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055748", "title": "Rs 100cr for Kolkata's urban poor lying idle", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when chief minister Mamata Banerjee has been criticizing the Centre for lack of funds, the Trinamool Congress-run Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) is struggling to spend Rs 100 crore it got under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).The Centre had sanctioned the amount for the civic body to construct dwelling units for the urban poor living in Kolkata. The project cost was estimated at Rs 600 crore. But since 2008, KMC has been able to spend only Rs 13 crore, said a senior KMC official.The Left Front-run KMC board initiated the project and identified some plots across the city for the housing. In Barisha, Behala land was singled out and construction of the dwelling units began for the local poor who were included in the preliminary BPL list prepared by the civic body. But there wasn't much progress.In 2010, when mayor Sovan Chatterjee, who was also in charge of the slum development department, took over, he asked civic officials to start the housing project on a war footing. But even after two and a half years, the Trinamool-run civic body has managed to complete only 300 dwelling units in Rajarghat in Topsia, Garden Reach and Behala.According to a KMC slum development department official, paucity of land is the principal reason behind the delay. \"We have failed to identify suitable land for temporary shifting of the beneficiaries in places which were selected as sites for the housing projects,\" said the official.On being prodded by the Centre to expedite the project, Chatterjee handed over charge to Atin Ghosh, member, mayor-in-council, overseeing the KMC health department, last year.Ghosh along with officials of the KMC slum development also made an on-the-spot survey of land across the city for the project. Land at Anandapur and Pagladanga off Eastern Metropolitan Bypass, Banerjeepara in Behala and Jaipara in Garden Reach were some of the areas identified.\"It is true that the progress of the project has been slow for some reasons. Firstly, we found that there was some land dispute which the former Left Front could not solve. Secondly, availability of land for temporary shifting also posed a problem. But now we have invited tender for the project worth Rs 62 crore. We need to wind up the project without further delay,\" said Ghosh.Though Deepa Das Munshi, the Union minister of state for urban development, made it clear that fresh funds would be released after an inspection, the mayor said there was no reason for her to worry. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said that the project now was progressing well and there was no reason for the Union minister to worry about the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17054919", "title": "HC hearing in toll plaza case deferred", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday deferred the hearing of a case pertaining to the toll plaza of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, as the judge, Justice S K Mittal, who was hearing the case, was on leave. Now the hearing has been fixed for November 6.Earlier on October 17, the division bench of the HC headed by Justice S K Mittal had issued a show-cause notice to the Gurgaon's ACP (traffic) Ravinder Tomar and the HUDA Administrator, Praveen Kumar, asking them as to why contempt of court proceedings should not be initiated against them for not complying with the October 8 orders pertaining to the case.Both the officers were issued notices for removing the barricades near the Ambience Mall and permitting an L-turn in violation of the HC orders.Apparently miffed with the decision of the HUDA administrator to remove the blockades in defiance of HC orders, Justice S K Mittal had observed that HUDA administrator had no authority to act against the directions of the court. He was not even the party in the case and if the directions were not suitable or could not be implemented, he and the ACP could have approached the bench for modification of the orders.The court was also upset over the submissions of ACP (Traffic) Ravinder Tomar, who had deposed before the bench that directions of the bench had been implemented in right earnest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17054882", "title": "Rahaman sets stage on fire", "text": "BHOPAL: Jai ho..., Dil se... and sufi renditions Khwaja mere khwaja from music maestro A R Rahman reverberated in the jam-packed Police Parade ground. The audience were treated to a high-tech, power packed stage show by Rahman on the occasion of the 57th foundation day celebrations on Thursday evening.It was a memorable evening for music lovers of Bhopal. Clad in a light blue sherwani, as Rahman emerged on the stage on a hydraulic platform, the crowd roared. He was given a huge applause by the crowd waiting only to hear the maestro.The Oscar and Grammy winner, Rahman responded in his inimitable style thanking the government for having invited him for the programme.He set the stage on fire with Nadan parinde Dil se re. After few songs, Sukhwinder performed but people wanted to listen to Rahman.And he did not disappoint. Impeccably clad in white he sang yeh jo des hai mera... The crowd wanted more and more from him and he obliged. The sufi songs Maula and Khwaja mere khwaja were instant hit. The performance was always followed by demand of \"once more\" from the audience.Rahman also performed his popular number from Tamil cinema including Hamma hamma.Ann Marie Calhoun rock violinist and Asad Khan on sitar and Shweta Pandit, R B Prakash and Niti Mohan were among others, who accompanied the maestro.Four hydraulic lifts were used during the performance. Modern light and sound mixers were used at the stage show to create an amazing light and sound effect.Rahman ended his performance with the hit number Maa tujhe salaam.Before the performance of Rahman, 370 artistes staged Krishnayan focusing on Lord Krishna's Leelas. These artistes included 100 contemporary, 80 classical dance and about 170 folk artistes besides 15 character actors, actresses and famous Pandvani singer Padma Vibhushan Teejan Bai and 8 members of her team.The celebrations ended with glittering fire cracker show from Morani brothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17055471", "title": "Fee for online Bhasma aarti entry pass soon", "text": "UJJAIN: Be ready to pay the fee, if you opt to seek entry passes for bhasma aarti at Mahakaleshwar temple online instead of applying at the counter personally.The temple management is all set to launch online arrangement for passes by Diwali and rules are being framed for the smooth functioning of the initiative.Sources said online permission request would attract fee, which could be a maximum of Rs 500 per devotee. However, the same would be free if one applied at the counter personally. This is being proposed to eliminate misuse of the facility by online users.Divisional commissioner Arun Pandey said online facility would benefit outsider pilgrims most as they would be in a position to plan their visit properly through prior reservation for the bhasma aarti.It was seen that outsiders often land in priest or other middlemen net and suffers heavy expenses on account of aarti passes so paying some amount in temple coffers would not pinch them, he opined.Temple administrator Jayant Joshi told TOI that final decision to levy fees and its quantum would be taken at the temple management committee meeting going to take place shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054740", "title": "'ESA/ESZ outer limit cannot be fixed arbitrarily'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Standing Committee of National Board for Wildlife (SC-NBWL) called the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) recommendations on Eco-Sensitive Area ( ESA ) notifications around sanctuaries and national parks as ad hoc, arbitrary and unscientific.SC-NBWL, country's topmost wildlife policymaking body, made this declaration after Wednesday's meeting at Paryavaran Bhavan, New Delhi. It was chaired by minister of state for environment and forest Jayanthi Natarajan.Kishor Rithe of Satpuda Foundation as well as the Ministry of Environment &amp; Forests (MoEF) placed the agenda matter regarding the CEC recommendation on delineation of Eco-Sensitive Area/ Safety Zone (ESA/ESZ) under Environment Protection Act, 1986.The non-official members of SC-NBWL too unanimously declared the recommendations as unscientific. The SC-NBWL members said, \"The extent of the ESA/ESZ cannot be linked arbitrarily with only the size of the Protected Area (PA). In many instances, small PAs because of their small size itself may require a larger safety zone around it to ensure its ecological integrity and value.\"They added that the ESA/Safety Zone outer limit, as recommended by the CEC, is not sufficient to arrest the influence of prohibited activities even under the existing guidelines of the ESZ of MoEF. The activities, which the CEC recommendations are permitting within the safety zone, will also create disturbance and ecological problems to the PA and need to be reviewed, the members added.The SC-NBWL was of the opinion that each state should delineate the outer limits of the ESZ on a site specific, case-by-case basis keeping in view the ecological imperatives and the ground realities of the PA, for which expert opinion and scientific inputs would be obtained from individuals and institutions. Once the plan for the entire state is ready, it will be submitted to the SC-NBWL, which would endorse it for the approval of Supreme Court.NBWL members Kishor Rithe, Divyabhanusinh Chavda, MK Ranjitsinh, AJT Johnsingh, Prerna Bindra, Asad Rahmani of BNHS, Yashaveer of NCF Mysore endorsed these views.The Supreme Court appointed CEC has recommended cutting down ESZs around PAs drastically. ESZ for PAs having 500 sq km area or more has been curtailed to 2km; those between 200-500 sq km to 1km; between 100-200 sq km to 500 metres and for those below 100 sq km to 100 metres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054595", "title": "Work resumes on Boeing depot taxiway", "text": "NAGPUR: Work on building a taxiway to connect the maintenance repair and overhaul (MRO) depot for Boeing aircraft with the airport has resumed after project affected persons (PAPs) blockading the site lifted their siege. Residents of Shivangaon village had stalled the work on a 500-metre patch demanding better compensation package for their land acquired by the government.The taxiway is being built by Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) to facilitate movement of aircraft between MRO depot and airport. This is an alternative to the second runway originally planned. With land acquisition yet to be completed for the runway, it was decided to go-ahead with the taxiway option. MADC is spending Rs 87 crore to build the taxiway. The 2.5 km taxiway will also have a level crossing similar to that of the railways with road traffic being stopped until the plane has passed.Shivangaon residents who had blockaded the work were demanding a larger plot of land for building homes after their land was taken over, as against an area equivalent to their existing dwelling places originally offered by the MADC. \"I had visited the village a week ago and most of the issues related to the rehabilitation have been settled. The villagers have agreed and the work has resumed,\" said MADC's vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan.Baba Dawre, leader of project affected persons (PAPs) in Shivangaon, told TOI that MADC had agreed to provide 3,000 square-feet plots to each PAP family that was engaged in farming. In case the family had a married son, an additional 500 square feet will be offered. The landless residents will be getting plots of 1500 square feet and sum-dwellers 500 square feet. However, an official in the MADC said it would take around a week to finalize the new scheme.A source in M/s PBA, the private construction firm awarded the contract work to build the taxiway, also confirmed that the villagers had lifted the blockade and work had begun. The MRO is seen as one of the most prestigious projects in Mihan-SEZ being developed by the MADC. Initially it was supposed to be by aircraft major Boeing itself. However, eventually Boeing's role has been limited to only building the MRO, which will be run by National Aviation Company of India Ltd (NACIL).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054311", "title": "Registration of Andhra Pradesh Housing Board projects put on hold", "text": "HYDERABAD: Property registrations of various residential and commercial projects being taken up jointly by the Andhra Pradesh Housing Board (APHB) and private players have come to a standstill. Property buyers are worried as the APHB has not taken any steps to clear hurdles.The registration of properties was put on hold as deadline for completing projects and power of attorney, which was given to private developers by the Board, has expired in February. APHB has to extend the power of attorney and deadline for completing projects, but requests of developers to this effect have been pending with APHB for the past six months.Initially, the developers and buyers thought the extension might be given in a couple of months. The APHB meeting was last held in May. Since then, the Board has not met as there was no regular vice-chairman and managing director.APHB has taken up joint ventures like Cyberabad Hitech Integrated Development Corporation Pvt Ltd in Kukatpally in 65 acres, Indu Eastern Province in Bandlaguda near GSI in 50 acres, other projects in Kukatpally and Gachibowli by Serene Estates Pvt Ltd, Manjeera Constructions Ltd , Madhucon Projects Ltd, Ramky Towers, DLF Commercial Development Ltd, Babji Relators Pvt Ltd and Vasantha Projects Ltd.Officials said the projects were taken up with 40% residential component and 60% commercial space. Of 21 projects, 16 were taken up in Hyderabad, the rest in other cities like Visakhapatnam, Warangal and Khammam. Most projects began in 2007 and 2008 and were supposed to be completed within 24 to 36 months, depending upon the size of the project. Two projects in Kukatpally were completed, while the rest were at different stages of completion. Some projects got delayed due to reasons like delay in handing over land and permissions from civic bodies.As the projects were getting completed (various blocks), the developers began selling space to prospective buyers. For instance, three blocks of Madhucon Projects Ltd in Kukatpally were completed and another block was yet to be taken up due to land dispute. Since the deadline for various projects expired in February, property registrations were stopped in May.The project developers approached APHB for extension. The then APHB vice-chairman and managing director Sanjay Kumar put the extension proposal before the APHB board meeting in May. The Board asked developers to furnish details like status of works, audit reports and other information apart from legal opinion on the extension. By the time the developers furnished the information, the APHB VC &MD; got transferred. Since then, housing secretary Karikal Valavan has been acting chief of APHB and the Board has not met to take a decision on extension of time and registrations.When contacted, APHB project coordinator V Nagarjuna admitted that registrations were put on hold. He said it would be sorted out soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054599", "title": "Karwa chauth, a favourite to push social causes too", "text": "NAGPUR: High on mush and with all the ingredients of a blockbuster event, festival of karwa chauth continues to reign on the minds of women young and old. After all, it is not your routine austere fast. This one is about donning the best of clothes, putting on heavy make up, painting hands and legs with henna, loads of dancing and singing and finally gorging on some fine rich food.Though popular in the north, this fast with all its connotations is now popular with women everywhere. In fact, it has caught the fancy of many women organizations which now plan events around this day. \"I took it up as a fundraiser for my club for organizing a traditional evening for glamorous women,\" says Namita Sharma, former president of Nagpur Ladies Circle. The activity has gone on for nearly a decade now with fresh initiatives making it an attractive pre-event.\"We did start on a very small scale but it has grown every year,\" says Rishita Agarwal, present president of the club. \"This is a fundraiser for various charities undertaken by our club so we are holding auctions of designer labels this year,\" she informs. The idea is to have fun and relaxation ahead of the fast. So, mehndi artists, foot massages, singing and dancing all form a part of the event.There are also those who use this event for more profound causes. \"Our event too is all about feasting before fasting,\" says Veenita Pasari, district chairman of ladies committee of Rotary Club . \"But I'm also using this fast as a focal point to discuss the strains that crop into marital relationships,\" she adds. Pasari says she would be discussing the areas of stress that cause friction between husband and wife. \"Through songs, dances and straight talk we would tackle issues that often create a rift even between the most loving couple,\" she informs.For those who still stick to traditions, this continues to be a fast to be observed strictly and rituals which are a must. \"My social life is so hectic that I like to keep my puja personal,\" says interior designer Kavita Taneja. She has also made this fast a must for her three daughters-in-law who hail from different communities. \"I have eased the rules, my sons also fast with them and it quite becomes a day of indulgence as gifts are exchanged,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17055627", "title": "Take care till damp spell blows over", "text": "BANGALORE: Stay snug and warm this weekend, and keep children indoors as far as possible, till the current spell of chilly and damp weather blows over, is the advisory from city doctors to tackle the sudden weather change and drop in mercury level.The continuous rain on stagnating garbage heaps would mean the spread of vector-borne diseases like dengue, malaria and chikungunya , and also water-borne diseases like gastroenteritis, typhoid, diarrhoea and hepatitis A and E, say doctors.\"Besides viral and bacterial infections, fungal infections due to dampness outside and inside homes give rise to respiratory allergies and breathing difficulties,\" said Dr H Paramesh, senior paediatric pulmonologist. \"In children, 50% of asthma attacks are triggered due to damp and cold weather. Pollen and fungus outside and inside the home can give severe respiratory allergies, sneezing, wheezing, running nose, sinus and bronchitis. One must maintain cleanliness inside the house and keep away dust mites, the main source of respiratory allergies like bronchitis and asthma,\" he said.Paediatrician Dr Yashoda Devi has this advice: \"If this weather prevails for the next two days, the temperature is bound to drop further so it's advisable to keep children indoors. If they need to go out, they should cover themselves with warm clothes. Hot soups and warm water help to keep the common cold at bay, and also fight sore throat and congestion.\"\"We've seen a steep increase in dengue cases this year. If rainwater is allowed to collect, it triggers the breeding of mosquitoes which lead to the dengue virus. Water contamination leads to diarrhoea, typhoid, nausea and vomiting, viral infections like sore throat and cold. It's advisable to see a doctor if you have cough and fever for more than two days,\" said Dr Sanjeev Rao, consultant, internal medicine, Manipal Hospitals.Said Dr Jyothsna Krishnappa, consultant, internal medicine, Apollo Hospitals: \"It is very important to stay hydrated and drink only boiled water. Avoid eating raw salads, fruit juices or roadside food, eat only cooked and warm food.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17054509", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMuslim men have no unrestricted power for talaq\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "SRINAGAR:The Jammu and Kashmir high court has held that a Muslim man's power to divorce his wife is not \"unrestricted or unqualified\".Justice Hasnain Masoodi in his 23-page judgment extensively went into details of the Shariah law and Quranic injunctions to hold that a \"husband cannot have unrestricted or unqualified power to pronounce the Talaaq.\"The court delved into the fundamental sources of Shariah law to explain the concept of marriage in Islam, the rights of the parties to the marriage contract and the mode and manner the contract is dissolved.\"Though Islam visualizes a situation where a marriage may run into rough weather for reasons beyond control of the parties to the marriage contract, and provides for a mechanism to end or dissolve the relationship in such case, yet the device of divorce is to be used as the last option when the marital relations have irretrievably broken down,\" the court said.It maintained that in Islam divorce or Talaaq by the husband may take three forms including Talaaq-e-Ahsan which is single pronouncement of divorce made during a 'Tuhr' (period between menstruations) followed by abstinence from physical relationship for the period of Iddat (waiting period).The second form is Talaaq-e-Hasan which is three pronouncements of divorce made during successive Tuhrs, without any physical relationship during any of the three Tuhrs.The third is Talaaq-e-Bidhi which is three pronouncements of divorce made during a single Tuhr either in one sentence or in three sentences or in any other form like in writing, indicating intention of the husband to irrevocably dissolve the marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17056978", "title": "Blaming rain is not the solution for power crisis", "text": "The administration has always found it convenient to blame the rain for power cuts, perhaps to deflect attention from its own lack of foresight and action. Have we learnt any lessons from experience? The continuous rain in Bangalore, thanks to Cyclone Nilam, and the resultant power outages exposed the unpreparedness of the authorites to cope with any rain-related power cuts. Admittedly, there are no quick-fix solutions. The least Bescom can do is respond to citizens' cry of help.Related story:  Rain kills power supply in many areas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17056003", "title": "Woman robbed of gold jewellery at gunpoint", "text": "PANCHKULA: A day after two employees of a security agency were robbed of Rs 13 lakh by three armed men, two unidentified motorcyclists robbed a woman of a gold chain and gold earrings at gunpoint in Sector 4 on Thursday. The victim, Reena Rana, has lodged an FIR at Sector 5 police station.Around 7.30am when Reena was on her way home in Sector 4, two motorcyclists intercepted her. In her statement to the police, she said, \"Both the bikers were wearing helmets. One of them pointed a gun at me and asked me to hand over my gold jewellery to him. They fled after taking it.\"SHO of Sector 5 police station Nupur Bishnoi said, \"A case of robbery has been registered. We are checking if it is the handiwork of criminals who are out on bail.\" A joint team of local police and crime branch has been constituted to investigate the case. Reena is a homemaker and her husband Inderjit Singh Rana works with a private company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056212", "title": "`974.5 for 7th cylinder unsettles kitchens", "text": "LUDHIANA: The price hike of `26.50 in the prices of non-subsidized LPG cylinders, which the consumers buy after the subsidized quota of six cylinders per year, from November 1 onward has left city residents dejected.The price of a subsidized LPG cylinder will remain unchanged at `429.50 in the city.While the residents were expecting the government to relieve the \"unfair\" subsidy cap of six cylinders a year, the hike has stung them deep, taking the cost of each non-subsidized cylinder to `974.50 from `946.50. Manisha Malhotra, a homemaker of Urban Estate Dugri, said \"Since they are not relieving the cap of six cylinders, we will be bound to buy a few non-subsidized cylinders every year. The prices should not be increased every now and then.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054586", "title": "Congress calls mega meet to meet 2014 challenges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress organizational and government managers will deliberate on three years of UPA-2 in a first-of-its-kind \"dialogue meeting\", an assessment exercise aimed at thrashing out a response to challenges ahead of the 2014 polls.Top leaders including PM Manmohan Singh and party chief Sonia Gandhi, Cabinet ministers, ministers of state with independent charge and Congress Working Committee members will attend the brainstorming session at Surajkund in Haryana on November 9.Announcing the decision, AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said the meeting agenda included a discussion on the political situation, economic challenges and status of the manifesto implementation.Manifesto implementation may be a key item as Congress takes stock of its promises to voters. A rollout of welfare programmes seen to be essential to Congress's politics is an important aspect of the party's calculus.The meeting, which will follow the rally to be held in the capital on Sunday to signal a show of strength in favour of FDI in multi-brand retail, is expected to put the party and government in sync in the home stretch before Lok Sabha elections.The economic situation is seen to be grave, requiring serious correctives that could hurt the availability of funds for populist schemes. The focus on fiscal deficit has already raised hackles among organizational leaders with the massive fuel hike.Sources said it was important to establish close coordination between the two arms of the ruling party to avoid potential clash that would help the opposition campaign.\"The party should be aware of government's compulsions and government should be aware of party's convictions,\" a senior minister explained the rationale behind the initiative.The need to better inform the organization of UPA's restricted elbow room on the economic front stems from the grave fiscal scenario. Finance minister P Chidambaram on Thursday gave an elaborate presentation to the council of ministers during which he indicated that expenses above budgets will not be cleared.Following the fuel hike, the tightening of purse strings could test Congress leaders in the face of attacks from political rivals.The leadership may also clarify its vision about the new political situation where it faces an unlikely opposition in India Against Corruption that has even tried to drag 10, Janpath in graft allegations.The continued attacks from the anti-graft camp have damaged Congress among the middle classes. At the same time, allies like Mamata Banerjee have left the coalition, making the government vulnerable.Rahul Gandhi's elevation is another issue occupying the minds of partymen amid expectation that Congress needs to take the leadership gamble to enthuse voters.The party and the government will assess the UPA's performance in fulfilling the manifesto promises. Congress in 2009 issued a populist manifesto that included schemes like Food Security Act and land acquisition amendment bill.The urgency in Congress ranks is palpable given the disappointment of the first three years when government's lacklustre performance has been accompanied by organizational slide with a string of defeats in state polls.The November 4 rally in Delhi will look to bring some energy back in party ranks with an aggressive backing for FDI that created dissent in UPA ranks. The rally will be attended by state leaders up to the district level while Rahul will address the gathering along with the PM and Sonia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054413", "title": "Ridge construction: Road agency asked to pay Rs 85 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court constituted centrally empowered committee has recommended that the Border Roads Organization (BRO) be asked to pay Rs 85,55,090 for carrying out construction in 2.25 acres of the Ridge area without seeking clearance from the Ridge Management Board (RMB) or the SC.The recommendation report by the CEC filed through amicus curie ADN Rao states that the land in question is situated outside the limits of the proposed reserved forest in the Central Ridge but it has \"morphological features conforming to the Ridge\" as defined by the Supreme Court in a May 1996 order. For construction in the area, one requires permission from both RMB and the SC.MK Jiwrajka, member secretary of the CEC has said that BRO should deposit 5% of the sanctioned project cost with RMB to be used by the forest department for development of the Ridge. BRO should also deposit the cost of undertaking plantation in an area of 1 hectare and its maintenance for five years. It is also supposed to remove labour sheds in front of its newly constructed buildings and undertake plantation in the area.The land in question, located in Naraina along Ring Road, was transferred by the defence ministry to BRO in April 2007. Shortly after that, it commissioned construction of transit, training and other infrastructural facilities for its personnel. The forest department took cognizance of the construction and in June 2009 wrote to BRO to stop construction. In its meeting dated June 27, 2012, RMB officials noted that \"the work was sanctioned in 2007 for an estimated cost of Rs 12.50 crore. Though the deputy conservator of forests (west) in a letter dated June 10, 2009 had asked BRO to stop the ongoing construction work immediately, but it continued and at present it is 95% complete.\"In November 2011, based on a PIL filed by a resident of Naraina Village alleging that the construction was taking place in the Central Ridge, the high court recognized that the construction was in fact on land with morphological features conforming to Ridge and ordered BRO to stop further construction till it obtained a nod from RMB or the CEC. RMB also decided that BRO should move the CEC for an ex-post facto approval of the SC.\"Even though the construction area is not on the notified reserve forest land, BRO was made aware in 2009 that it needed permission for construction work. All other agencies, including Delhi Metro, have always applied for permission before any work is undertaken in the area. BRO stopped work, and much too late, only after the high court intervened. This is highly irresponsible on their part,\" said a member of the RMB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17053964", "title": "Nitish briefsTariq on agriroad map", "text": "PATNA: Union minister of state for agriculture Tariq Anwar on Thursday made a courtesy call on CM Nitish Kumar and assured him of all central help to make the multidimensional Bihar agriculture road map a success. President Pranab Mukherjee had on October 3 inaugurated the implementation of Bihar's second agriculture road map.Anwar had 40-minute-long discussion on various dimensions of the agriculture road map with the CM at 1 Anne Marg. Anwar was sworn-in as a minister in the Union council of ministers on Sunday last. State water resources department minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary was also present on the occasion during their detailed discussion.While the agriculture road map is pegged to increasing agricultural production to boost the income of farmers, the integrated plan also envisages road connectivity to all villages, creation of separate electricity feeder to supply power to farmers, establishment of food processing units and promotion of poultry, fishery and animal husbandry activities, among others, with assured forward market linkages in all activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17057552", "title": "I felt like Pi drifting across the Pacific: Ang Lee", "text": "One is an Oscar-winning director and the other, an actor who lives and breathes films. When director Ang Lee and Padmashree Kamal Haasan caught up on a stormy evening in Chennai, the discussion was about films, films and more films. Chennai Times gets you excerpts from the conversation between the two stalwarts...Kamal : From Pingtung to here - that itself is a journey many of us may or may not know in a sense that your journey is also like that of Pi's. You have said that I don't find films, films find me. Ang : I was cooking at home and taking care of the baby for six years after film school. My wife is a microbiologist and she used to work. In 1990, I took part in a script-writing contest in Taiwan and I won and went to receive the award. The Taiwanese government gave me $480,000 to make the script into a film (Pushing Hands). It wasn't artistic or commercial; it was a family drama. It was a hit in Taiwan. They asked me to make the second script also which was Wedding Banquet. It was a risky film, again a family drama. Then people started pitching films. After Sense and Sensibility, I started making money. I could then face my father saying I have a job. I want to explore and make different genres of films. Life is an adventure, why do the same thing? People want to take that leap of faith with you in a film. With Life of Pi particularly, I felt like Pi drifting across the Pacific with the tiger, I want to bring them out of this hell alive and healthy. Sometimes the movie directs you.Kamal : Sometimes business directs you! Is it because you brought your own funds? How do you gain control over your life? Ang : Someone told me you have to make a successful movie in the first three films or you're out. That remained in my mind. After two movies, I had a hit. I have to do my best and the only way is I do something I don't quite know. The fear factor keeps me alive. I'm a common man; I speak the language most people speak.Kamal : I believe all cinema is art. Ang : May be being Chinese I am used to being repressed! This is a philosophical book and I had to dig deep.Kamal : Anyone looking at the synopsis of the book (Life of Pi) would not think this is the same film. You had a different writer for this movie. Ang : Yes , James Schamus is my career partner and we co-write all films. He's a good writer and salesman. I'm a filmmaker; a racing horse and I just want to run. This is the first time I have worked with a new writer, David Magee.Kamal : Even this film found you. Ang : When Fox approached me, I said let me think about it and then I told them to look for another director as I working on a film. But they were still waiting after a month. Then I started to think - how do I crack this; this is impossible. I got hooked!Kamal : What is interesting is how you came to translate it into a movie. Ang : It was step-by-step to find a solution. I don't have a method. First thing is that I have to find a structure. This movie is all about illusions. It took four years to make the movie but I already did the animation before I started shooting. When I suggested 3D, the studio didn't want to do it because this is a literature property, not an action film. I had to convince them - 3D is a big risk but 2D was a bad idea.Kamal : How many Pis did you meet? Ang : 3000! Suraj stood out right away. He's a true talent. To me the best talent is not one who can perform but one who believes. When he did the audition, towards the end he was in tears. I got a Pi.Kamal : I like the shot with the ship in the background and he's floating. It's lovely. It's not in the face but effective. Ang : 3D - because of the volume and depth - allows you to show over your shoulder and the person's point of view at the same time. You don't get it in 2D. It's a new tool.Kamal: What's your advice to young filmmakers? Ang: I didn't have a plan or goal when I was young. Filmmaking was easy; everything else was hard. Focus on wherever your passion and strength is and specifically where you are. When you make movies, soak up the culture. You have to find universality whether it's Taiwan or Tamil. Somehow you find a way to make a movie.Kamal : 100 chapters of Life of Pi. It must have been difficult crushing it to 2 hours and 10 minutes. Ang : I eliminate a lot and consolidate a lot. But I also added parts that are not in the book like Shravanti's character.Kamal shows Ang Lee Viswaroop The Ulaganayagan was eager that the Hollywood director see his Viswaroop which the actor has directed. After the discussion, Kamal whisked Ang Lee away to his office to show him parts of the film and the trailer. Ang Lee, despite his jet lag and the fact he had to catch a flight later that night, made time for Kamal and was happy to oblige.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17054852", "title": "Ladhar violated arbitration norms, NHAI tells HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) on Thursday informed the Punjab and Haryana high court that Punjab IAS officer Sucha Ram Ladhar had acted in contravention of norms while conducting arbitration in various dispute cases between private parties and NHAI in respect of NH-1 and NH-1A and that it had sent various protest letters to the officer.The NHAI response was filed before the HC in response to a PIL seeking action against Ladhar for retaining the amount charged for arbitration, instead of depositing it with the government.In its detailed reply, NHAI has stated that as per legal opinion obtained by it, \"The arbitrator has been mis-conducting himself on various grounds -- not fixing any fee for himself, not putting the parties to notice that he would desire any fee to be paid despite acting as arbitrator in his official capacity and keeping the arbitration alive even after giving his award, by keeping a lien on it.NHAI has also stated that work of NH-1 and NH-1A has been delayed because of Ladhar's conduct, who has not revoked suspension of awards, despite requests made to him.The PIL, filed by advocate H C Arora, has sought criminal/departmental action against Ladhar, for fixing arbitration charges and collecting Rs 1.5 crore on this count, and retaining the entire amount with him (instead of depositing it with the government).The case would now come up for further hearing on November 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17056714", "title": "He celebrates Kannada Rajyotsava with speech and flag hoisting", "text": "MYSORE: Every November 1, the house of V S Charan in Vidyaranyapuram here turns into a festive mood. He decorates the house with red-and-yellow flag and displays the photos of achievers, including poets, writers, matinee idol Rajkumar and paper cuttings of Kannada-related write-ups to celebrate the big day.The celebrations on Thursday were no less than Kannada Rajyotsava functions organized by the government or private establishemtns. His celebrations are complete with hoisting of Kannada flag, singing of state anthem and distribution of sweets. The three-hour event had a hourlong speech laced with light-hearted comments and serious thoughts about Kannada by chief guest R N Padmanabha, a retired professor.This has been the practice for the past one-and-half decades. The celebrations, which started with just three persons, are attended by dozens now.Charan said he always wanted to do something different. \"It was then I saw Rajkumar-starrer 'Jeevana Chaitra'. After going through the life history of Rajkumar, my desire to do something for the state grew stronger,\" explains the 35-year-old employee of Canara Scientific Research Centre.Recalling the previous events, Charan said: \"I started celebrating Kannada Rajyotsava at the front yard of my home (on IV Main, V Cross in Vidyaranyapuram) in 1997. My parents R Vaidyanathan and R Shakunthala and myself celebrated the festival at our home initially. As the years passed, neighbours too joined in. Guests are being invited to hoist the flag and deliver a speech since 2002.\"Vaidyanathan told TOI that his son was in his late teens when he started the celebrations. \"He has been celebrating the day with the same enthusiasm. I'm proud of him,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054041", "title": "Left alleges RIL hand in Reddy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Cabinet ouster", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Left parties on Thursday kept up the pressure on the government on the change in portfolio of petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy and reiterated that it was done to protect the interests of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL).CPM mouthpiece People's Democracy questioned the change in Reddy's portfolio, saying it had exposed \"tentacles of big business in appointment of ministers\". It also accused the government of succumbing to pressure from RIL. It named ministers who it claimed represented corporate interests and pointed out that UPA was predominantly a Congress government after Sunday's reshuffle.Party general secretary Prakash Karat, in a separate statement, said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the UPA government \"should not increase the price of natural gas prematurely as demanded by RIL\".\"Price revision is due only in April 2014. There has to be a performance audit by the CAG of capital expenditure incurred and the production targets met by RIL,\" he said.CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta shot off a letter to the PM, saying, \"Reliance had a role in the removal of petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy. This is not an isolated incident. The Radia tapes also showed that the appointment of A Raja as telecom minister was made at the behest of corporates. Even earlier, Mani Shankar Aiyar was removed under pressure. These appointments confirm the suspicion that the government is under pressure from Reliance.\"The People's Democracy editorial was scathing in its indictment of the government. \"Animal spirits that Manmohan Singh wants to unleash got a fillip with the appointment of P Chidambaram as finance minister after the post fell vacant when Pranab Mukherjee became president. With Anand Sharma in the commerce ministry, Kapil Sibal in communications, Praful Patel in heavy industries and newly-appointed HRD minister Pallam Raju and Jyotiraditya Scindia in power, the circle is complete,\" the CPM alleged. \"All of them represent corporate interests,\" it added.Saying Reddy's removal was the most significant indicator of this, the party said, \"Jaipal Reddy had to pay the price for defying the country's biggest corporate.\"Karat, meanwhile, said the CPM had been raising issues concerning the KG Basin gas fields for the past several years. \"Since 2006, CPM MPs have been raising the question of the unjustified hike in gas price and inflated expenditure shown by RIL... a number of letters were written to the petroleum minister and the prime minister on these issues,\" Karat said referring to a letter written by party MP Tapan Sen to the PM in May.Karat claimed the Prime Minister's Office had \"intervened to see that RIL's demand (for gas price increase) was considered by the ministry even after the ministry had rejected it\".Dasgupta in his letter said, \"Reliance is cheating the country by demanding to increase the price before the end of the stipulated period. This was strongly resisted by Jaipal Reddy. They (RIL) deliberately reduced production from 80 mmscmd to 25 mmscmd in the current year and have threatened to reduce it even further to 18 mmscmd next year... in the current year, we are losing power to the extent of 12,000 mw. Next year, the shortfall will be in the order of 13,500 mw... due to deliberate action of Reliance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17054863", "title": "Advocate among seven booked for Rs 45 lakh land fraud", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged by city police against seven persons including an advocate, who had allegedly cheated a villager in the selling of land in 2007 and taken Rs 45 lakh from him. While the said land was sold to a company in 2006, the advocate was found involved in both the deals. The case has been registered on the recommendation of the economic offences wing (EOW).According to police, one Anuraj, resident of Mandi village in Delhi, has lodged a complaint with the Gurgaon police commissioner some time ago against seven persons, who had allegedly perpetrated a Rs 45 lakh land fraud. The EOW found merit in the case and said the complainant was indeed cheated by the accused. On the recommendation of the EOW, the city police have lodged an FIR against the seven accused. Some of the accused were identified as Mishro, resident of Begumpur Khatola village in Gurgaon; Ranbir and Ramdhan, residents of Mandi village in Delhil; Rambeer, resident of Rithoj village in Gurgaon; Karan Singh, advocate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054526", "title": "16-yr-old student hangs self to death", "text": "NAGPUR: A 16-year-old boy hanged himself to death at a rented room in Vinkar Vasahat on Manewada road on Thursday afternoon.Ashutosh Dhangde, an eleventh standard Commerce student, was staying with his elder brother, Suhas, in the city since last two years.On Thursday, Suhas, a polytechnic student, left early for his college. Before leaving, he woke up Ashutosh, who was scheduled to appear for his exam, to get ready for college.When Suhas returned home around 4pm, he was shocked to find Ashutosh hanging to the ceiling hook. Suhas told police that Ashutosh was an average student and would never take pressure of studies.Police suspect some love affair behind the extreme step but found no suicide note from Ashutosh's room. A case of an accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054652", "title": "Public-private partnership in waterworks: Letter raises concern", "text": "NEW DELHI: Retired Justice Rajindar Sachar wrote to chief minister Sheila Dikshit on behalf of the Water Privatization-Commercialization Resistance Committee on Thursday, putting forth their concerns with the government proposed public-private partnership in water projects.Raising the need for the involvement of private companies in water management, Sachar's letter reads: \"We are surprised when you claim that private companies would achieve what your government could not. You have not explained so far why our public utility, the Delhi Jal Board, cannot deliver and how private companies can do a better job...\"According to DJB, the water system suffers from massive deficits that include a large gap between demand and supply, loss of a huge quantity of water in transit, an inadequate infrastructure and massive revenue losses through non-revenue water. \"...Official bungalows in Lutyens' Delhi and rooms in five-star hotels use up thousands of litres of water daily, whereas for JJ clusters, even the official norm is only 50 lpcd (litres per capita per day) which is woefully inadequate considering that Bureau of Indian Standard has fixed 160 lpcd for Delhi,\" says Sachar.The letter has also questioned the existing service charges and the actual water losses against non-revenue water. According to Sachar, the project has several unanswered questions bogging it and wants the CM to first place in the public domain all the contracts with the private companies. \"We want the government to put out a policy documents that covers all aspects of water privatisation... that the government thinks it will ensue from privatization,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17056596", "title": "Threat to Kannada is from within: CT Ravi", "text": "MANGALORE: The biggest threat for the survival of Kannada in the state is Kannadigas themselves, said CT Ravi, minister for higher education and Dakshina Kannada district in-charge. \"The threat to the language is from within and there is a need for serious introspection on what the residents of the state need to do for the preservation, sustenance and nourishment of Kannada,\" he said adding that there is no point in blaming others for the present status of Kannada.Delivering the Kannada Rajyotsava Day address here on Thursday, Ravi said no one even by mistake should raise discordant voices for separate status in Karnataka or independent status off it. \"It is for this very reason that the state government set up the Nanjundappa committee to study regional imbalances in Karnataka and constructed Suvarna Soudha in Belgaum. Move to hold assembly session there too gave a clear message of united Karnataka,\" he added.Language should become a garland that one should place on others with love, Ravi said. \"In the same vein, richness of thoughts of Sarvajna should be known to Tamilians, just as Kannadigas should savour Thiruvalluvar. Richness of Sawai Gandharva or Bhimsen Joshi should be known to Marathis just as Kannadigas should know about zero capital agriculture practiced by agriculturist Walekar. Only such integration of thoughts matter,\" he added.Quoting Vachana poet Basaveshwara, and Dasa Sahitya propounder Kanakadasa, and other poets, Ravi said the inherent message given by these visionaries is for the need for human unity with mutual respect and love for others. For a land that has given such noble thoughts, it is imperative that upholding the cause of Kannada is not restricted to Rajyotsava Day, but a continuous affair where everyone repays their debt to the land and the language.Ravi later witnessed an impressive parade by 15 marching units commanded by RPI Raghavendra. While NCC air wing was adjudged the best marching unit, the NCC Army wing finished runners up in the match past. Ravi conferred the district Rajyotsava award on 19 adult achievers and eight child achievers on this occasion. Ravi also honoured Olympian Sahana Poojary and walker-athlete Sadananda Prabhu for their respective achievements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17058264", "title": "Suspension of IG SK Asthana leads to manpower reforms in Punjab police", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The recent suspension of Inspector General of Punjab police, SK Asthana, for reportedly using unauthorized manpower in his house for personal works has led to strict action to reduce the misuse and abuse of government manpower by top officials of state police.IG Asthana was suspended when during a preliminary enquiry, an ADGP rank official indicted Asthana for misusing the government manpower in his house on October 19.Reliable sources told TOI, \"The head of security wing of Punjab police was asked to scrutinize the distributed manpower including tea boys, peons, cooks, security guards and their authority of how many persons they can use.\"Recently, a tug of war between a DIG rank official and his two subordinates took place when the junior officers refused to join his office claiming they were asked to report at the office of ADGP (intelligence.)The matter was resolved when a DIG rank official himself discussed the issue with ADGP (intelligence).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17056423", "title": "Visvesvaraya Technological University students talk tough on agitation", "text": "BELGAUM: It's becoming worse for students of Visvesvaraya Technological University who have been staging an agitation outside the varsity's head office in Belgaum for a week.They're demanding the implementation of the carry-over system. A section of the students is demanding cancellation of the present system and implementation of the carry-over system by changing varsity bye laws. But, university authorities haven't heeded their demand and on the third day, they got police to throw out students protesting on the campus.Students stuck to their guns and continued their agitation outside the campus at the main entrance. Some students are on a hunger strike and two were hospitalized due to failing health. Students also claimed they not allowed into the campus to get water and use the canteen or ATM.Vice-chancellor H Maheshappa said students were not being allowed inside to prevent any untoward incidents. He said in the present system, a student can take admission to the third semester along with four failed subjects in the second year. There's no need to amend it, he said.However, student Riteek Raj said no varsity had such a system that restricts students to take admission into third semester unless they pass all subjects in the first semester. VTU's exam rules are unique and should be amended, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17055985", "title": "UP govt aims to woo investors at Confederation of India Industry conclave", "text": "LUCKNOW: After a successful stint at a trade fair in Japan, state industry minister Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar will lead the state government delegation at Confederation of India Industry's two-day mega investor's meet, Invest North, in Gurgaon.Accompanied by infrastructure and industrial commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta among other bureaucrats, who will make a strong pitch for UP, the government is also set to get a helping hand - a word of recommendation -- from business houses HCL Technologies and Jubilant industries .Participating in the two-day conclave, scheduled on November 3-4, to bring in \"socio-economic transformation\" to the state, Gupta said this is the first time the present government would participate in such an event.Adding that this is an attempt at spreading the word about industry-friendly provisions under the new Infrastructure and Industrial Investment Policy 2012, Gupta added that the exercise will send out a strong message to investors on planned development.Kaushal Raj Sharma, special secretary, industrial development and joint executive director, Udyog Bandhu, who will be a part of the two-day conclave, said the government will participate in the state session on November 4, where it will interact, discuss and inform top-rung national and international industrialists and potential investors about the possibilities of investing in UP.In addition to UP, six other northern states -- Delhi, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab and Rajasthan - Union territory Chandigarh will attend the conclave. Chairman, CII UP State Council and vice-president, Tata Motors , Alok Saxena said Invest North creates a platform for northern states to strengthen business and industry. He added that overseas institutional partners who had confirmed participation in 'Invest North' include Canada-India Business Council (CIBC), Japan External Trade Organisation (JETRO) and Japan Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry ( JCCI).On November 4, UP government will make a presentation on the salient features of new Industrial and Industrial Investment policy 2012, various projects in the state that are underway and in the offing, mega projects through PPP including roads, expressways, IT, energy, transport, aviation and tourism. Some thrust areas identified by UP government for the conclave include food-processing, leather clusters, IT parks and cities, plastic city and mega food parks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17055427", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDoctors make patients sign on the dotted line\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "INDORE: In a bid to wipe out the past, doctors are allegedly pressurizing clinical trial subjects (patients) to sign affidavit in court stating they took part in multinational pharmaceutical companies-sponsored drug test knowing well what they were doing.Lata Mehra, a clinical trial subject and an employee of government-run healthcare centre, alleged that Dr Anil Bharani and his team members are pressurising her to sign court affidavit stating that she underwent drug test after her approval and family members. She said, \"I was called by one Rakesh Solanki, who works for Dr Bharani at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH), on October 31. They had asked me to bring photo and ID card along. They were pressurising for taking me to the court and sign an affidavit stating that I underwent drug test knowingly, but I refused to sign.\" ToI possesses an audio clip where Mehra shared her ordeal.Mehra got to know that she was part of clinical trial when she was handed over a copy of informed consent form on October 3 this year. She alleged that she had signed the form in October 2009 under the influence of doctors. \"I was never informed that I was going to be a participant of clinical trial. I came to know on October 3 in this year and briefed on the document.\" When asked about why doctors called to sign affidavit she said, \"As I did not know, I was clinical trial subject and was repeatedly refusing that I was not informed on the drug test, doctors were trying to make me sign court affidavit to which I refused.\" After repeated efforts, Dr Anil Bharani was unavailable for the comments, and did not even reply to the SMS sent to him on cell phone seeking his version.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055404", "title": "Two held at Mumbai airport for forging IDs", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman who has been entering Chhatrapati Shivaji International airport using a fake ID card as DCP Aswathi Dorje was arrested by the Mumbai crime branch. A head constable of the CISF, Vijay Mahadev Kamble, was also arrested for helping the woman, Kaiser Fatima Inayat, to procure forged IDs.CISF officials found the ID bearing Dorje's name but Kaiser's picture. Her house was searched and fake BMC cards, VIP entry pass to the Mantralaya, membership card of Maharashtra Council of Indian Medicine, ID card for the domestic airport identifying her as a cook and a security pass issued by Bureau of Civil Aviation were recovered. Kaiser told cops that the forged airport ID was to help those going for the Haj pilgrimage but cops found she was charging money from the pilgrims.The duo has been booked for forgery and impersonation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17053899", "title": "Trial in Mumbai sickens Vanzara &amp; Co", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As soon as the Supreme Court ordered shifting of the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter trial to Mumbai, the frequency of visits by accused cops to the Ahmedabad Civil Hospital has increased. The bunch goes into a huddle at the hospital almost on a daily basis after being brought here from various jails.Among the accused cops, D G Vanzara and Rajkumar Pandian are lodged in the Sabarmati Central Jail, while Abhay Chudasama is an inmate of the Nadiad sub-jail. N K Amin is brought to the hospital from the Vadodara Central Jail.After his arrest in 2010, Chudasama obtained a court order for hip replacement surgery in a private hospital, and remained there for six months. Since then, he has regularly been coming to the Civil Hospital for physiotherapy from the Nadiad jail.Amin was shifted in 2010 to Vadodara from the Sabarmati jail for security reasons. He has obtained court permission for medical check-up and treatment at various private laboratories and hospitals. He remained in a private hospital in Sola for a few months, and immediately after the SC order to shift the case to Mumbai, he shifted to the Civil Hospital.Pandian did not visit the hospital as frequently for treatment of his backache as he does now. Among all accused, Vanzara hardly used to go to hospital. But ever since the transfer order, he too regularly goes with Pandian to Civil Hospital.Sabarmati jail superintendent R J Pargi said it is true that these cops regularly go to Civil Hospital. \"But I cannot comment why they are taken, for the medical officers refer their cases to only the Civil Hospital. This answer can best be given by the authorities at the hospital,\" he said.Those close to these prisoners claim that soon a couple of these undertrials might file a review petition in the SC against its order to shift the case to Mumbai. Many of them are unhappy with the stand taken by former minister Amit Shah, when he told the apex court that he did not mind if the case was shifted to other state. Sources said that these cops feel that Shah is out on bail, and they would suffer because jails in Maharashtra will not offer the familiarity which prisons in Gujarat do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17056243", "title": "The rock 'n' roll pilgrims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When this band wrote its first ever song in 1991, it was titled 'Xerox'. However, it is not one of those bands who try to be a carbon copy of some well-known band from the West. Over time, the song came to be called 'the face of Indian rock' and Parikrama left an indelible footprint on the road less travelled.Parikrama, a rock-and-roll band, is originally from Delhi but has trotted all over the globe, taking its music far and wide. The literal meaning of the term 'parikrama' is 'orbital revolutions', and focusing on the word 'karma'. The band members have been living life their way, not ready to be drawn into some monotonous rat race and doing what they know best \u00e2\u20ac\u201d making music.In the city for the Times Ahmedabad Festival, the band will be performing at the Vastrapur amphitheatre on Friday. Consisting of six members (sometimes the number goes up to 10); Parikrama bears a lot of blues and rock-and-roll influence, with an Indian soul infused into it all. This means that while the guitars, keyboard and drums lend a western touch, violins, tabla, flute and the mridangam give it an Indian feel.Their original songs range from pure rock-n-roll such as 'Gonna get it', 'Xerox' and 'Rhythm 'n Blues' featuring Usha Uthup, hate ballads like 'Vapourize' to songs like 'But it rained' which is till date its most popular single, dedicated to a 1995 kidnapping case in the Kashmir Valley.The band is inspired and influenced by the likes of Pink Floyd, Jimmy Hendrix, The Doors, Coldplay and Led Zeppelin, and are often known to perform their songs as well.Parikrama is sure to leave your heart racing on day sev- en of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17054079", "title": "Cops recover panchaloha idols, 2 held", "text": "Trichy: The Swamimalai police have recovered 12 panchaloha idols from two people who had stolen them from the Venugopala Perumal Thirukkovil at Puliancherry near Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district on October 24. The two, Yuvaraj and Rajaraman have been remanded in judicial custody at the Trichy central jail. The duo told police that they stole idols as they were ridden with debts and were desperate to overcome their predicament.The Puliancherry incident had rattled the local community as the idols were said to be worth Rs two crore in the international market. It was a century old temple and owned privately owned. As the temple was in a dilapidated condition, refurbishing works were in progress, a situation that the two thieves took advantage of.Police investigation revealed that the accused Rajaraman, 29, hailed from Puliancherry Agraharam and Yuvaraj, 25, was from Vellaipillaiyar Koil Street in Kathiramangalam. Both had served as labourers in Dubai had returned to India six months ago. Both of them had incurred a lot of debts and their foreign jaunt, according to them, was not of much help. They conspired to loot all the panchaloha idols in the nearby temple. The idols they stole included that of Anjaneyar, Sathyababa, Rukmini, Krishnan, Narasimhan and others.They told the police that they jumped over the wall at the dilapidated point and broke open the locks over the doors of the sanctum. They had dumped five of the 12 idols in a nearby temple pond and the rest were taken to Tirupur where they had worked as helping hands and had developed some contacts.Meanwhile, they came to recover the remaining idols from the pond and after collecting them, they were waiting at the Puliancherry bus stand to board a bus. Police said they chose to transport the idols by public transport so that no would suspect them. However, as bad luck would have it, a police constable found them moving in a suspicious manner.Later, it later transpired that the special team was combing for those two in the vicinity and the gunny bag containing the idols were confiscated. Based on the information, the rest of the idols were also recovered. They were produced before the the Kumbakonam judicial magistrate court II and the judge remanded them in judicial custody for 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054530", "title": "Doctors' panel examines Rathi's house", "text": "NEW DELHI: A panel of doctors visited the house of industrialist Akanksha Rathi's parents on Thursday morning to examine the scene of her alleged suicide. They tried to enact her last actions but could not arrive at a definite conclusion regarding the nature of death.Sources had told TOI on Wednesday that Akanksha's postmortem could not confirm whether she committed suicide or was murdered.The four-member team of doctors from Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital reached Akanksha's Dwarka Sector 3 apartment around 11am and remained there for an hour.They were accompanied by forensic experts and police officers. Sources said the doctors collected prescription medicines said to have been used by Akanksha. There were a few bottles of syrup, tablets, eye drops and other medicines. All but one of the bottles were found empty. Police suspect that, if at all she committed suicide, Akanksha overdosed herself with these medicines.Police will draw a conclusion based on forensic reports and viscera reports that might be available by Monday. Meanwhile, the bail application filed by Akanksha's in-laws is due for hearing on Friday. The DIG of Indore Police told TOI that they will oppose the bail plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17056687", "title": "State govt to Centre: Let question papers be in regional languages", "text": "MYSORE: The Centre should extend question papers in regional languages when it conducts all-India competitive exams to provide admission to reputed institutions, medical education minister S A Ramdas said after inaugurating Kannada Rajyotsava celebrations here on Thursday.Arguing the case for Kannada, the minister said he will demand this during a meet of medical education ministers in Delhi on Friday. \"The question papers should be in regional languages. This will help students from different parts of India get into reputed institutions and all-India services,\" the district minister said during the celebrations hosted by the district administration. \"This apart, it will allow students from all languages to study in their mother tongue,\" he added.Referring to classical-language status to Kannada, he said: \"We've got the recognition. But we still need to fight to get facilities and benefits. This when Kannada has the most number of Jnanpith awardees.\"Mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy, Mysore regional commissioner M V Jayanthi, DC P S Vastrad and top cop K L Sudhree were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17056036", "title": "Husbands get a day to pamper and woo", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As women get ready for Karva Chauth, men find themselves with a more delicate task on their hands, making their wives feel special. While one tender look serves the purpose beautifully, we have doting husbands getting ready to sweep their wives off their feet this Karva Chauth.Pradeep Bansal, a businessman from Sector 20, obviously wants his wife to glow on the big day and what better way to do that than a luxurious beauty session? \"I bought an Aroma Therapy package for my wife. She loves getting pampered and that is just what she will get,\" he gushed.Often, the most romantic expressions of love are little, everyday gestures that say you care. Rohan Arora, a businessman from Sector 2, Panchkula seems to have understood that pretty early on in the marriage. \"I am going to cook a special meal for my wife and I am also gifting her a diamond necklace. I want it to be very special as it is her first karva Chauth,\" Rohan said.Anil Guglani, a resident of Sector 11, sure knows how to treat his better half like a princess. He is about to make her live her most romantic dream with a two-day trip to Venice, complete with a candlelight dinner on a boat. Rakesh Kumar of Sector 15 decided his wife needs to let her hair down with friends and family. So dinner with loved ones at a hotel is what he has come up with.Rajiv Nayar of Sector 10 has just moved to Chandigarh with his wife, who, he feels, would miss family. The affectionate husband has taken it upon himself to bring her the traditional Sargi and bangles, followed by dinner. Rituals apart, Karva Chauth is all about love. If you have it right in your heart, you just won't miss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17055944", "title": "TOI honours Bengali community on Kerala Piravi Day", "text": "KOCHI: \"I would like to thank Kerala for not making me feel that I am thousand kilometres away from home,\" said chief medical officer of Nicholas Hospital in Eramalloor Dr Nibit Purkayastha, who was honoured by the Times of India as a representative of the non-Malayali diaspora on Kerala Piravi Day.Dr Purkayastha, who has been Kochi's own doctor since 1984 and one of the founders of Keral Banga Samskriti Sangha in Kochi, was honoured with a ponnada and a memento by Padma Bhushan V P Dhananjayan at a function organized as part of the Dharani Kalostav 2012 in Kochi on Thursday.\"I came here 30 years ago as a young doctor and worked in a local hospital. Now, I run my own hospital and do some community activities. This is my contribution to the state that has never made me feel like an outsider. I thank the Times of India for honouring me in the presence of Dhananjayan and Justice K T Thomas. This state has an open heart and all the indicators of a western country. Its health and education standards and the ability to respect all religions equally is something that evokes repsect and thank you Kerala for allowing me to serve you,\" he said.Justice K T Thomas, who inaugurated the event, said that an an educated audience is necessary to appreciate performing arts. \"We need to make music and dance compulsory. Not because all students should become good performers, but some should become good audience.\"Speaking on the occasion, Dhananjayan said: \"India is united by 'natya' which is something that everybody does since every expression is an 'abhinaya'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17056143", "title": "Railway minister\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s movement leads to traffic jam", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Commuters travelling on the national highway from Ambala to Chandigarh had to put up with a traffic jam from the Hallomajra roundabout to the gurdwara roundabout during the evening hours on Thursday.The Chandigarh police stopped the traffic due to the arrival of Union railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal who flew down to the city and then moved to his house in Sector 28 on this stretch, leading to a huge traffic jam.Traffic cops were seen struggling to control the situation, even as the jam continued for over an hour (from 6 to 7pm.) Many commuters had to take an alternative route from inside industrial areas, phase I and II.The traffic blockade inconvenienced a lot of commuters and an ambulance too was seen trapped in the jam. \"I was stuck in the traffic snarl for an hour. I had to go to Sector 37 to meet a relative, but I got really delayed,\" rued Rakesh Verma, a Delhi resident.Inspector Malkiat Singh, station house officer of the Industrial Area police station said, \"Traffic was stopped for some time due to VIP movement. We managed the traffic and allowed the vehicles to move within a few minutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055564", "title": "Kids make Nashik proud in state school swimming", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra state schools' aquatic competition was held at Nagpur where Nashik swimmers coached by Rajendra Nimbalte and Shankar Madgundi created waves with their performance.Namita Madgundi (U-19) proved to be the star performer as she emerged victorious in the 200m, 400m and 800m freestyle events and claimed three gold medals.Rui Sukhthankar, in the same age group, bagged silver medals in the 50m and 100m backstroke events and a bronze in the 200m backstroke, while Prasad Khairnar (U-17) went on to clinch a silver and a bronze in the 50m and 100m freestyle events. Two other Nashikites\u00e2\u20ac\u201dManik Chaturmutha and Shreyas Veergaonkar\u00e2\u20ac\u201d walked away with a bronze each in the 100m and 400m freestyle events respectively, in the U-17 age group. All the medal winners have been selected in the Maharashtra state teams for the All India Schools' tournament that will take place in Pune this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17054970", "title": "House burgled in Ayodhya area", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified burglars broke open house of a post-graduate student of dentistry in Ayodhya locality of Bhopal and decamped with cash and valuables worth around Rs 2.5 lakh. The Piplani police have registered a case in this regard on Wednesday evening.The police said the complainant, Ankita Agrawal, 27, a resident of New Minal residency in Ayodhya, had gone to her parents place in Idgah Hills on October 30.After her return the next day, she found doors of the house broken and valuables missing from the almirah, prompting her to report the matter to Piplani police.The police said thieves decamped with gold and silver ornaments, besides Rs 20,000 cash and two cameras. In all, value of goods including the cash was around Rs 2.5 lakh. The complainant is an MDS student in a private medical college here and lives with her husband, who is out of town, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17055688", "title": "Garbage 'dump' irks Verna folk", "text": "MARGAO: A few villagers of the Verna panchayat had their doubts confirmed on Thursday when they, along with some green activists, followed a garbage pick-up truck, and were shocked to find it dumping waste in an open space behind the Verna industrial estate.They then filed a complaint with the authorities concerned, including the Verna police, who rushed to the site. The Goa state pollution control board has scheduled an inspection of the site in the next few days\"We were shocked to find so much of garbage being dumped there,\" said Judith Almeida, an activist who rushed to the site. \"It was not segregated, and you could make out that they have constructed a composting unit without any permissions or following any pollution board rules, to burn the garbage.\"The truck, though, managed to escape from the site, but soon, another one arrived at the scene. While residents of Verna were upset as they claim that the site is close to the origin of the river Sal (located behind the industrial estate), they alleged that their village had been suffering from the stench from the garbage dumped. \"We have also been told by villagers, and conveyed to the Verna police, about another site where broken glasses and other forms of non-biodegradable garbage could be found.Verna police officials, whose station is located a few kilometers away from the site, have said that they have asked the driver of the pickup truck to present the necessary permissions to them, and that the GSPCB has been intimated about the possible violations.Activist John Philip Pereira has vowed to follow up the matter to its logical conclusion, while villagers of Verna said that they would take up the matter at this Sunday's gram sabha. Pereira alleged that garbage from neigbouring pancahyats and from coastal villages were also being dumped at this site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055803", "title": "Kolkata Port Trust cries conspiracy, demands damages", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after Haldia Bulk Terminals walked out of Bengal, Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) has replied to its letter, refuting all the charges.Significantly, nowhere has KoPT denied that there was a deterioration of law and order in Haldia. However, it holds HBT responsible and accuses it of \"concealing facts\".KoPT also blamed the HBT management for failing to co-ordinate with the administration on security. It demands compensation from HBT for \"loss of revenue and face\".According to HDC manager (Sh&CH;) Damodar Nayak, who signed the letter sent to HBT, KoPT had got information about the alleged abduction of three HBT officials and informed police well before the company did. The port had informed the SP and DM via an SMS at 6.51am on October 28, the letter says. East Midnapore SP Sukesh Jain says that the first complaint he got from HBT was around noon, by e-mail from Mumbai.HBT had said on Wednesday that it approached high court, seeking police protection, due to \"KoPT's abject failure to address the law and order problem. The port countered on Thursday that the court had not passed an order on KoPT to provide security to HBT. \"While the high court passed orders on the SP and DM to provide police protection, HBT did not act as per the requirement considering the urgency and seriousness of the matter... none of their senior officials contacted government officials in person to ensure security to employees and workmen despite repeated requests by KoPT,\" the letter says.The port management not only coordinated with state government officials but also proactively provided temporary accommodation to the police personnel for ensuring security to workmen at berths 2 and 8.\"On HBT's charges that the port authority made no arrangements to provide security, KoPT has written: \"The responsibility of maintaining law and order is of the state government which is made clear in the high court's ruling of October 19, which advised the district administration and the police authorities to intervene and ensure the same.\"The KoPT has dubbed HBT's allegations \"obnoxious\" and calls it an attempt to malign the image of HDC. \"KoPT took all possible steps and apprised the law enforcement agencies wherever there was any information given by HBT regarding intimidation and threats,\" the letter says.On August 23 this year, HBT had told the port trust that it would have to suspend operations unless it is guaranteed 7.5 lakh tonnes of cargo a month. \"This was outside the purview of the contract and it has been settled by Calcutta high court's order of September 19. KoPT had to engage a private contractor to unload cargo from wagons when HBT refused to undertake the operation that was under the agreement,\" the KoPT says.\"Due to HBT's internal problems, contradictions, mismanagement, suppression of facts and retrenchment of workmen, they could not perform their obligation in spite of KoPT providing ships on a priority basis at the two berths,\" the letter says. HBT officials did not attend a meet convened by the port of all stakeholders on September 27. \"Despite all our efforts, HBT failed to co-ordinate... which resulted in enormous loss to KoPT,\" Nayak writes.KoPT suspects a \"conspiracy and a hidden agenda\" on HBT's part to malign KoPT's image in the maritime sector. KoPT has also suffered enormous financial loss which has to be compensated by HBT, the letter says.The port will heed HBT's request for cooperation in removing its equipment only it is compensated by HBT, \"including the amount calculated for the loss of image/goodwill\", the letter adds.KoPT has ended the letter by urging HBT to resume work at Berths 2 and 8 as per the agreement and high court's order.In a reply to the letter sent by Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd, announcing its decision to pull out from the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC), Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) refuted all charges brought against it by the cargo handling company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17056409", "title": "Survey to mark core areas in reserves", "text": "COIMBATORE: The forest department has started a mega survey in Anamalai Tiger Reserve (ATR) using Global Positioning System (GPS) to earmark areas in which eco tourism would be permissible. A committee comprising senior forest officials and ATR Foundation members has been constituted to supervise the survey, which would primarily focus on key tourism centres in the reserve like Valparai, Topslip and Udumalpet.The survey is being undertaken in the backdrop of recent Supreme Court order permitting tourism in 20 per cent of the core areas of Tiger reserves in compliance with the notification on tiger conservation issued by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) during October last week. Once the survey is over, the areas found feasible for eco tourism would be opened for visitors.No tourism activity has been undertaken in ATR since the Supreme Court banned entry of visitors in the tiger reserves, which have not segregated core and buffer zones.ATR field director, Rajeev Sreevastava said survey would be completed by November end and then the decision on allowing visitors would be taken. However, officials are hopeful that the court's permission to allow tourism in 20 per cent of the core areas would help relive the elephant camp at Topslip apart from ensuring movement of vehicles to adjacent Parambikulam Tiger Reserve in Kerala. There is also hope that noted attractions in Valparai, like Monkey Falls, which remained out of bound for visitors for long will come back to the tourism map after the survey.Meanwhile, tourism operators and traders in the plantation town of Valparai have urged forest department to exempt the Pollachi-Valparai road from both core and buffer zones of the reserve. The survey will help ATR in identifying apart from regulated tourism areas, the buffer zone, forest borders, tea plantation areas and encroachment areas in the forest range. The Anamalai tiger reserve is of 958 Sq Km and spread in both Coimbatore and Tirupur districts.Of this, 192 sq km will be devoted for regulated tourism after the survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059101", "title": "Party hunters turn spooky at Halloween", "text": "Ghoulish, ghastly and ghostly... Scream masks, faux blood, maimed bodies... all this and more made their way to one of the city's hottest party spots, Tantra, The Park, on Halloween. The city's party hunters thronged the club in their spookiest gear. They were out for a hunt, literally, for a good time. As resident DJs Hussain, Vishal and Joy spun some freaky tracks, it were the women who lived it up with special offers such as drinks on the house.  As Imran donned the Scream mask, Dripto and Sam dressed up in witches' gear. From progressive house to cool Bolly mixes, the DJ trio made sure that there was something for everybody. Said Shubhi, who dropped by for the party, \"The party simply rocked. Nothing OTT, nothing forced. I enjoyed the music and so did my friend from Delhi who accompanied me to Tantra.\" So what did she opt to wear? \"I dressed simply. I was more keen on watching the others dress up for Halloween ,\" said the young partygoer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "17055530", "title": "Ruckus in hospital after woman delivers unattended", "text": "BIKANER: Relatives of a woman staged a demonstration at Bikaner's PBM Hospital after she gave birth to a child without any supervision of medical staff and the newborn fell off the bed. The mishap also caused minor injuries on the infant's body. The family members of the woman alleged that the incident occurred due to negligence of the hospital staff.According to relaives, the woman, Asifa, a resident of Sheetala Gate, was admitted to the hospital following labour pain on Wednesday. When the woman's mother-in-law reached the hospital around 5 am on Thursday, she found a new-born lying on the floor besides the woman's bed.The mother-in-law started picked up a fight with the hospital staff alleging negligence. The family members said that the doctors had initially refused to conduct the child delivery at the hospital. However, the child was born without any supervision of the hospital's medical staff.The mother-in-law was forced to leave the hospital. When she insisted to stay, the hospital staff allegedly bolted her inside a room. When the matter reached the hospital superintendent Dr Satish Kachhava, he got the woman freed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17056563", "title": "Cinemas to shut down from today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Around 350 out of approximately 500 cinema theatres in the state have announced a strike from Friday after talks with the government failed. Kerala Film Exhibitors' Federation wants the government to revise service charge from Rs 2 to Rs 7.The existing service charge of Rs 2, considered as cess, being charged from the public by theatres has been done through an executive order with no legislative basis. \"No legislation or ordinance was made in this regard. The government has no intention to take this away but it cannot immediately hike the charge,\" forest and cinema minister K B Ganesh Kumar told TOI.The strike will not affect multiplexes since they are not members of exhibitors' organizations. The federation said it has been requesting the government to intervene in the matter ever since it came to power but to no effect.\"Our issues are mainly relating to local self government department. We have been meeting CM Oommen Chandy, panchayat minister M K Muneer and urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali. They know our issues well and it is for them to solve the matter. Ganesh Kumar does not have the powers to intervene in our issue,\" Liberty Basheer, federation chairman, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053874", "title": "Nooriya Haveliwala should have got death sentence: Victim cop's family", "text": "MUMBAI: For the family of sub-inspector Dinanath Shinde, Thursday was a day of mixed emotions. As a court awarded five years' rigorous imprisonment to Nooriya Haveliwala, Shinde's wife Devyani was content that justice had been delivered. But there was also a hint of disappointment. They felt Haveliwala should have got harsher punishment.\"She should have been awarded death sentence. At the very least, she should spend the rest of her days in prison to understand the value of human life,\" said Devyani.Shinde (47) was on anti-drunk driving duty at Marine Lines on the night of January 29-30 in 2010 when an inebriated Haveliwala rammed her SUV into a taxi that crashed into the sub-inspector. He died, leaving behind wife Devyani and kids Dipti and Siddhesh.The family today lives in a small room at Dadar police quarters. \"R R Patil had promised that I will be given a suitable job once I complete my graduation,\" said Dipti, now 19 and a TYBcom student. \"Our family is running on my father's pension. There was no financial support from the police. But we appreciate its hard work in building a watertight case.\"The family is relieved that the government kept Rs 25 lakh in her father's name as a fixed deposit, which will mature in three years. It is also thankful that they have been allowed to live in the police quarters for the next seven more years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055367", "title": "Mira Bhayander Municipal Transport bus fares up", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mira Bhayander Municipal Transport (MBMT) bus fares have been hiked from 50 paise to Rs 2.The fares have been sanctioned by the State Transport Authority.The minimum fare has been hiked from the existing Rs 4.50 to Rs 5 up to five kms.The fares up to 13 kms have been hiked by Re 1. Fares up to 20km have been hiked by Rs 2.Passengers travelling more than 20km will have to bear with a Re 1 hike.The fares have been hiked after two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17054099", "title": "Private tanker operator to supply water in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Bogged down by frequent complaints of erratic drinking water supply, the city corporation has roped in a private tanker operator to supply water at a cost of about Rs 2 crore.As part of the project, a private transport operator has been roped into the service to supply potable water through tankers that could be stored in plastic tanks for consumption. The city corporation council passed a resolution to this effect after a series of complaints about lack of adequate water in panchayats and municipalities annexed to the corporation last year. However, under the project, water will also be supplied to places that were existing with the municipal corporation even before it was expanded. According to the project, a sum of Rs 38.5 lakh has been earmarked for zones one and three while Rs 59.5 has been allotted for zones two and four for supply of water through private tankers. The tankers would supply water on a daily basis and fill them in 177-odd plastic tanks put up in the respective localities, while efforts are on to increase the number of tanks.A civic body official said that the water supply would commence immediately under the project. Mayor Rajan Chellappa said there was no alarming water shortage in the city, but the project was being implemented with foresight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17055916", "title": "Mohali on brink of being dengue capital of Punjab", "text": "MOHALI: With Government Medical College and Hospital receiving 30 suspected dengue cases, Mohali is set to earn the dubious distinction of being the dengue capital of Punjab. As far as the figure of confirmed dengue cases is concerned, Mohali is second only to Ludhiana.Till Thursday, Mohali had 123 dengue patients across the district. If the number touches 153, Mohali will overtake Ludhiana, which has 150 patients. District health authorities received a detailed list of 30 patients on October 31 after which they visited houses of suspected patients.A member of the health officials' team said, \"26 patients out of 30 were examined in GMCH-32, three in PGI and one in GMH-16 around one month ago. Patients said doctors had collected their blood samples.\" The 30 cases are considered suspected because a few tests are pending in some of these cases. A team of doctors from Mohali met their counterparts at GMCH-32 on Thursday. Mohali civil surgeon Dr Rajeev Bhalla said, \"The list of 30 patients is being scrutinized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17056336", "title": "Rampur up-mukhiya killed, needle of suspicion on PLFI", "text": "GUMLA: Armed cadres killed the up-mukhiya of Rampur panchayat at Rampur-Bartoli village in the Kamdara police station area of the district on Wednesday night. The deceased, Ranjit Dungdung of the same village, was attacked by assailants who struck him on his head with logs till his death.According to a report, Dungdung(30) was asked to open the door of his house where he had gone to see his ailing father. He lived at his in law's house at Jokartoli, two kilometres away from his own house.As he opened the door, he was taken to a place away from his house by the assailants who were over 10 in number and beaten to death.Police inspector, B N Pande, said the incident took place between 9pm -10 pm on Wednesday. Dungdung owned 30 acres of land and was the lone male member of the family. He had three sisters. Dispute over the land could be the reason behind the murder, said Pande.Dungdung was also an accused in a murder case in which Joseph Soreng of the same village was killed and Dungdung was put behind the bars in 2007, police said. Pande added that Dungdung's wife, Lili Grace Dungdung, had intervened when he was taken out of the house by the assailants.Meanwhile, police has got a clue about the involvement of PLFI cadres. A commander, Jaidhar Gope, who operates in Bano area of Simdega district is learnt to be involved in the incident, said Gumla SDPO D K Pande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17055737", "title": "Notorious criminal held at Mapusa", "text": "CALANGUTE: Notorious criminal Ashpaq Abbas Bengre alias Jack, wanted in a number of serious criminal cases in various police stations in Goa and also Mumbai, was nabbed in Mapusa on Thursday.According to the Calangute police, they received a tip-off on Thursday that Ashpaq who was wanted by them in a threatening case, was to appear in a court in Mapusa on Thursday.A police team led by PI Nolasco Raposo rushed and nabbed him when he arrived near the court.After being taken into custody, he was interrogated by SP North Vijay Singh at the Calangute police station late on Thursday evening to ascertain his involvement in various offences.Calangute PI Raposo said Ashpaq was wanted in a number of cases related to murder, attempt to murder and Arms Act cases. He is also wanted by the DCB CID, Mumbai, in a sessions case for possession of arms.Besides this, he is also wanted in cases registered at the Panaji and Mapusa police stations. Police were verifying his involvement in other cases, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055679", "title": "Iffi to tip hat to film legends", "text": "PANAJI: The International Film Festival of India (Iffi) 2012 will include screening of films in homage to personalities like Rajesh Khanna, Yash Chopra and Dara Singh , all of whom passed away this year.This was revealed by director of Iffi Shankar Mohan on Thursday. The late Khanna's son-in-law, Akshay Kumar , will be the chief guest for the opening ceremony.Mohan said, \"The main focus of this edition of the Iffi will be on the centenary celebrations of Indian cinema.\" A special centenary award comprising a silver peacock, a certificate and a cash prize of 10 lakh has been instituted for this year's festival, in addition to the 1 crore worth of other awards.The 50 years of the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) will also be commemorated, he added.Films on Soumitra Chatterjee, recipient of this year's Dadasaheb Phalke award, will also be screened as part of Iffi 2012. Mohan said, \"There will be plenty of master classes this year.\"Polish filmmaker Krysztof Zanussi will be honoured with a lifetime achievement award, he added.Life of Pi will be the opening film for the 43rd International Film Festival of India. Directed by Oscar-winning director Ang Lee , the film stars Irfan Khan , Suraj Sharma, Tabu and Refe Spall. The director and cast will be present for the screening, which will be the film's world premiere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17054948", "title": "Noida turns to luxury housing", "text": "NOIDA: From being an affordable housing destination, Noida is slowly transforming into a hub of luxury and high-end projects to give a stiff competition to the neighbouring city of Gurgaon in Haryana. The Noida and Greater Noida authorities have decided to brand the twin cities in the luxury segment with various developers coming up with high class residential and commercial towers in the region.The chairman of the three authorities of Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway, Rakesh Bahadur, said that till now Gurgaon was considered the costliest in Delhi-NCR despite the township lacking in terms of necessary infrastructure and facilities. \"Now, Gurgaon will have only one USP, which is close proximity to the airport. As builders are coming up with projects developed by world class agencies, in the next five years, Noida will beat Gurgaon in all respects,\" Bahadur said.Even developers are upbeat about the new tag being given to the region. CREDAI (western UP) vice-president and CMD of Supertech, RK Arora, said that this change was imminent as time demands it. \"Considering the fact that Noida is much stronger than Gurgaon in terms of infrastructure, now high-end buyers are shifting base here. The Authority is also helping bring this change,\" said Arora.World renowned Italian couturier Giorgio Armani is likely to design an exclusive flat in the Supernova project and final talks are on with the developer group regarding this. \"The cost of one designer flat with an area of 4,000-5,000 sq feet will be around Rs 10 crore. For starters, Raj Kundra has decided to purchase a flat for his wife, Shilpa Shetty , in Supernova,\" Arora added. Also, Supertech has also tied up with Leela hotels group to open the first 7-star hotel in Noida.Another project, Curio City, will be using extensive art styles in design with an amalgamation of several schools of art - Middle East, European and Contemporary. The township will have a mix of plotted development, villas, group housing, commercial establishments, club, institutions, hi-street and luxury retail, 5-star hotel, business hotel, etc. The cost of one flat in this project will start from Rs 1.5 crore. In addition, developers like Amrapali, Ajnara, ABA Corp and Prateek group are coming up with high-end luxury apartments costing between Rs 2-5 crore.Real estate industry experts, however, fear that affordable housing may take a hit if the luxury housing segment is promoted more. \"Greater Noida West was considered as an affordable housing destination, but even this region has witnessed price appreciation of around 50%,\" said Amit Gupta, member Assocham and MD of Orris group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055348", "title": "Few Mira Rd autos start using meters", "text": "MUMBAI: A few autos in Mira Road have begun to ply on meters since the past few days, much to the surprise of passengers.India Against Corruption (IAC) has been fighting for the implementation of meters in the Mira-Bhayander region.An IAC activist Rakesh Sarawgi was even assaulted by an auto driver in the second week of October.Passengers have been surprised to find autos willing to run on meters.Traffic officials said auto drivers have been directed to install meters as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17054840", "title": "How far will they walk for a cause? 2.4 lakh km &amp; counting", "text": "GURGAON: Two and a half lakh kilometres and counting! Three members of a team of 20 people, who have been walking for the past 17 years, set foot on Gurgaon on Wednesday. They have found a place in the Limca Book of Records 2013 for having accomplished the longest \"padyatra\", having completed 2,40,000km.Their untiring walk is for peace, better environment and an end to female foeticide and corruption. On reaching Cyber City on Wednesday, they said their aim was to complete 3 lakh km in the next five years.They are called the Yuva Jagriti Jan Jagran Anterved Sewa Sanshtan and are from Para, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh. Having started their journey on June 15, 1995, they have so far covered Pakistan, Bhutan, China, Tibet, Bangladesh, Nepal and Burma in spreading their message, especially among youths. The group now plans to travel to South Korea after touring Ahmedabad and Chennai.Avadh Bihari Lal, 45, Mahendra Pratap, 30, and Jitendra Pratap Mishra - the three members of the group who were in Gurgaon on Wednesday -told TOI that the other members of the sansthan would soon join them.They said that the journey stopped when they completed 3 lakh kilometres.They have made it to the Limca Book of Records four times. Through this walk, the adventurers want to spread the message of world peace, mutual harmony and respect for religion, and empowerment of youth as well as protection of the environment. They have not seen their homes and families for years now, and adapt themselves to the different places they visit and people they meet.\"Our mission is to make the world a better place to live in. We are very thrilled with our journey on foot because the youth of world is starting to change. We have spreading the message on saving trees and the girl child. We have also planted around two crore trees with the help of youths,\" said Awadh Bihari Lal, who is among the oldest members of the group. His house in Lakhimpur, Uttar Pradesh, was swept away by a devastating flood in 1980.The sansthan's \"padyatra\" has received wide media coverage. Highlighting their efforts, a documentary was also aired in 2009 on the Discovery Channel and National Geographic, titled, \"Human story of longest padyatra\".\"Sometimes we go without food, with our shoes wearing out every now and then. Because of these constraints, we have to rely on charity,\" says Jitendra Pratap Mishra, a member of the team. Another member, Mahendra Pratap Singh, said that each day they walk 40km which requires them to change their shoes every 15 days. He said he had joined the \"padyatra\" at its inception when he was just 12 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056213", "title": "Governor to discuss exam-related suggestions with VCs of state varsities on Nov 3", "text": "PUNE: An infotech (IT) driven solution for secure delivery of question papers to exam centres, optical mark recognition (OMR) and barcode technology in answer sheets/booklets, digital scanning and onscreen evaluation of answer sheets and dematting of degrees and certificates may become a reality in all state universities from academic year 2013-14.Governor K Sankaranarayanan has called a meeting on November 3 of the vice-chancellors (VCs) of all the 14 conventional state universities to discuss this and a slew of other technology-driven exam reforms recommended by an 18-member high-powered committee under state IT secretary Rajesh Aggarwal. The panel was appointed on July 20 by the state government, at the behest of the governor, after the latter had raised serious concerns over the instances of exam paper leaks in leading state universities earlier this year.Speaking to TOI on Thursday, an official from the Raj Bhavan confirmed that the impending meet with the VCs will focus on the ways to implement the recommendations made by the Aggarwal committee. \"Minister for higher and technical education (H&TE;) Rajesh Tope, state chief secretary J K Banthia, secretaries to H&TE; and IT departments and other senior officials will attend the meeting,\" the official said.A major thrust of the committee's report, submitted to the government in September, has been on effective end-to-end use of information and communication technology (ICT) tools in the university examination processes. The chain of processes starts with online registration of students to issuance of hall tickets, question bank or question paper bank generation, secure delivery of question papers, OMR and barcode technology in answer sheets, digital scanning and onscreen evaluation of answer sheets, processing and publication of results, online application for re-evaluation and dematting of degrees and certificates etc.The committee has recommended that the state universities should begin with implementing some of the key measures on pilot basis from AY 2013-14 and stabilize the entire ICT-driven effort by AY 2014-15.University of Pune (UoP), which ranks among the bigger state universities, has taken a lead on this front by switching over to online processes in the pre-examination work related to online registration and hall tickets. \"Giving full effect to an end-to-end automation of examination is a key challenge and priority before us,\" UoP VC Wasudev N Gade told TOI. The varsity is gradually moving towards use of ICT during examination and for post-examination works.Referring to an IT-based secure delivery of examination papers, the committee has stated in its 207-page report that each university should implement this system on a pilot basis for exams in the first half of 2013 and by 2014, it should become a matter of practice.Under this system, the question paper randomly generated from the bank is encrypted and transmitted over secure channel to the examination centres merely an hour before the commencement of the exam. At the examination centre, it is decrypted with the password and printed. \"This will overcome the leakage of question paper during transportation and printing,\" the report stated.The panel has recommended OMR and barcode technology in cover page of answer sheets for all universities on a pilot basis in the first half of 2013 and for all examinations by 2014. The cover page of answer booklet is proposed to be divided into two OMR sections, each having a unique barcode. The first section will contain OMR sheet for capturing students personal details like roll number, course code etc. while the second section will contain OMR sheet for use by the examiners for entering individual marks obtained in each answer and finally the total marks.Post-examination, the first section containing students' details should be torn off and sent separately to the examination cell for data entry and the same can be directly read by the scanners and stored against the unique barcode of the answer sheet. After evaluation, the examiners should enter the marks obtained by the student in each answer individually as well as total marks. The software automatically reads these entries and provides alerts in case of totaling mistakes, the report stated. Eventually, the committee has suggested barcode technology for each pages of the answer booklet.For digital scanning and onscreen evaluation, the committee has suggested that the universities can start with this for a few examinations. The system requires scanning of answer sheets at a secure place following which the same is assessed on computers, laptop or tablets by the appointed examiners at the centralized assessment process (CAP) centre. Through this system, issues related to secure transport of answer sheets, replacement of answer sheet and delay in assessment can be reduced, the report stated and added that providing copies of answer sheets to students online will also be easier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17055962", "title": "'1090' helpline to operate from Maya's dream project", "text": "LUCKNOW: The proposed women powerline '1090' will have a high-profile address. In a development that is sure to ruffle the Bahujan Samaj Party, the Samajwadi Party government has given its go ahead to set up the office of the helpline service against crank calls at Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Pariwartan Sthal.Administrative building-2 near Jiamau Crossing on Lohia Path .The helpline to be launched by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on November 15 on the occasion of Bhaiyya Dooj as a gift to 'sisters', will operate from administrative building-2, part of former chief minister Mayawati's dream project near Jiamau crossing on Lohia Path. This will be the first instance of any dalit memorial being used for running a government office.After coming to power in March, Akhilesh had said that he would like to utilize the vacant space in these memorials for setting up public utilities like hospitals. But owing to the sensitiveness of the issue and fear of being branded anti-dalit, the SP government so far had desisted from taking any such step.Senior LDA officials including Vice-Chairman Rajeev Agrawal along with DIG Navniet Sekera, the nodal officer for the service, ASP Lines Sunil Tyagi, SP (intelligence) Sacchi Ghildiyal and city control room in charge Kunwar Raghvendra Singh visited the memorial at around 11 am on Thursday to inspect the building.To start with, LDA officials directed the memorial staff at the building to vacate three rooms and hand them over to the UP police in a day or two. The administrative building has 11 rooms and sources confirmed that gradually all the rooms would be handed over to the UP police to set up the powerline service.When contacted, LDA vice-chairman Rajeev Agrawal confirmed that in principal UP police's women powerline cell had been given some space at the Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Pariwartan Sthal Prashashnik Bhawan-2 on Jiamau Crossing. However, the overall procedure would take some time, the LDA V-C further confirmed and added a meeting for the handing over of the said building was chaired by chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Wednesday.Initially, one room will be used for operators on duty, another for the counsellors and the third one for the senior officials monitoring the service, sources said. The process to hand over the entire building to UP Police had actually begun much earlier with BSNL already in the process of laying around 450 metre phone line. Sources said that till now, BSNL has already dug around 300 metres to lay the phoneline to set up IVRS-based 1090 powerline service.Since the proposal to take the whole building had been sent to the state government, rest of other rooms would also be handed over to the police gradually, sources confirmed and added that the delay in the same was also due to prior occupancy in the rooms by various employees attached to upkeep of Mayawati's dream projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "women, they say, spell trouble. and when three girls come together, can it possibly be a joyride? agnidev chatterjee, whose '3kaanya' revolves around three women \u00e2\u20ac\u201d nancy ( ananya chatterjee), a sex worker, who is drugged and assaulted, aparna ( rituparna sengupta ), a journalist, and ips damini mishra ( unnati davara) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d however, begs to differ. work apart, it was bonding time for the girls, he tells us. are catfights passe? agnidev chatterjee, director it's fun to direct so many women together as there's no dearth of chit-chat on the sets. ritu, ananya and unnati know their jobs well and have been very accommodative. ritu, i must add, is the most helpful actor around, while ananya is a director's delight. unnati was in awe of both ritu and ananya, both of whom have won the national award. the three women didn't get much time to gossip as the shooting schedule was rather tight. but they would make up for the loss during lunch breaks. wow rituparna", "code": "17059236", "title": "Bonding time for girls at 3Kaanya shoot", "text": "Women, they say, spell trouble. And when three girls come together, can it possibly be a joyride? Agnidev Chatterjee, whose '3Kaanya' revolves around three women \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Nancy ( Ananya Chatterjee), a sex worker, who is drugged and assaulted, Aparna ( Rituparna Sengupta ), a journalist, and IPS Damini Mishra ( Unnati Davara) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d however, begs to differ. Work apart, it was bonding time for the girls, he tells us. Are catfights passe? Agnidev Chatterjee, Director It's fun to direct so many women together as there's no dearth of chit-chat on the sets. Ritu, Ananya and Unnati know their jobs well and have been very accommodative. Ritu, I must add, is the most helpful actor around, while Ananya is a director's delight. Unnati was in awe of both Ritu and Ananya, both of whom have won the National Award. The three women didn't get much time to gossip as the shooting schedule was rather tight. But they would make up for the loss during lunch breaks. Wow Rituparna: Her positive energy Nay Rituparna: She's too much into multi-tasking Wow Ananya: Dedication Nay Ananya: Her whimsical attitude Wow Unnati: She's an earnest learner Nay Unnati: Mercurial temper Rituparna Sengupta I don't have problems working with other actresses. And here, I had a blast. Agnidev was going mad managing all three of us. We would laugh so much that he would often lose his cool and shout, 'Tomader teen jon ke ek jaigay rakha jabe na!' I've always admired Ananya as an actor and Unnati was a real sweetheart, always ready to learn.Wow Ananya: She plays any role with elan and poise Nay Ananya: Her mood swings Wow Unnati: She's ready to learn and adapt Nay Unnati: Her confusion Unnati Davara It was a great experience to work with Ritudi and Ananyadi in Agnida's film as both the actors are extremely talented. I picked up the nuances from them. There is a same-sex angle to the film, for which I had to do intimate scenes with Ritudi. Without her cooperation, it wouldn't have been possible. During lunch breaks, we would talk about anything and everything.Wow Rituparna: She is a fine actress Nay Rituparna: She takes too much of stress Wow Ananya: Her expressive eyes Nay Ananya: She keeps to herself Ananya Chatterjee It's an assumption that women don't get along too well. Here, no one interfered in the other's work. Rather than women, we were more like three mature individuals. Ritudi is always very warm. And we took it upon ourselves to make Unnati feel at home. She would watch our shots even when she didn't have any. Things have been very peaceful.Wow Rituparna: She is extremely helpful Nay Rituparna: She is my senior, I won't comment Wow Unnati: Her amicable nature Nay Unnati: She lives on black coffee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17056523", "title": "Why poll can't be postponed despite Sandy", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States presidential election on November 6 cannot be postponed though superstorm Sandy has left many towns under water and millions without power in several key states along the East Coast. Without passage of a new federal law, voting to elect the 45th president is required to take place next Tuesday as planned.But, partial postponements of voting in some affected areas are possible, consistent with the laws governing the election of the president and vice president, CNN reported.Explaining the reasons, the report said that when Americans go to the polls on Election Day, they are not voting directly for their choice for president or vice president. Instead, they are voting to select representatives - or 'electors' - to the Electoral College, the body that actually determines who will be president and vice president.The constitution gives Congress the authority to determine 'time' of choosing those electors. In 1845, Congress passed a law that set the Tuesday immediately following the first Monday in November of every election year as Election Day across the country. The same law also gives states some leeway in picking electors.But to exercise that leeway, a state must have \"held an election for the purpose of choosing electors,\" and \"failed to make a choice on the day prescribed by law.\" When that happens, the law says \"the electors may be appointed on a subsequent day in such manner as the legislature of such state may direct.\"Based on this, the Congressional Research Service , a federal agency that provides legislative research support to Congress, concluded in a 2004 report that a state could probably hold presidential voting on Election Day in places unaffected by a natural disaster but postpone it in affected areas.But the law passed by Congress setting Election Day only allows a state to pick its electors on a later date if it has already held an election on Election Day and \"failed to make a choice\" on that day, the report said. So a statewide postponement would arguably violate the 1845 law, the 2004 report suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17055488", "title": "Bill seeks complete rehab of beggars", "text": "JAIPUR: The state assembly recently passed an anti-begging bill which also seeks rehabilitation of beggars. The bill, however, is yet to become a law as it is awaiting governor's approval.In fact, in cities like Jaipur, which are also major tourist destinations in the country, certain rackets were found to be involved in begging.The bill passed by the Rajasthan assembly, unlike those of other states, advocates complete rehabilitation of beggars rather than just putting a ban on them. Its focus is on making the beggars capable of earning their livelihood in a dignified way. There are also provisions to provide vocational training and to ensure that beggars do not return to their profession once they are rehabilitated.The bill also seeks to ensure that old persons stay in rehabilitation homes and are taken care of. In fact, people in tourist and religious spots often find it difficult to cope up with beggars. Sometimes, tourists get irritated and there are complaints that due to beggars, some tourists were forced to cut short their visit.The bill has provisions for establishing rehabilitation homes at every districts as per requirement. Before the bill was drafted, a survey was conducted in the state to assess the gravity of the situation.In the new scheme of things, NGOs would play a major role. If a beggar feels that he is capable of earning in a dignified way, he could leave the rehabilitation home, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17056486", "title": "In a record, UK house for sale at \u00c2\u00a3100 million", "text": "LONDON: Luxury on sale! The world's most expensive four-storey palatial house, in London's plush locality, is up for grabs at a \u00c2\u00a3 100 million.One Cornwall Terrace is a Grade 1 listed mansion overlooking Regent's Park in London . The property is spread across 21,500sqft and boasts seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and 11 reception rooms, the Daily Mail said.It is being marketed by Savills with an asking price of \u00c2\u00a3100 million, 4,651 per sqft, making it one of the most expensive houses ever put up for sale in England.At this price, the buyer would have to pay \u00c2\u00a37 million in stamp duty alone.Cornwall Terrace was originally designed and built in the 1820s by renowned architect Decimus Burton with the project overseen by the acclaimed John Nash .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054492", "title": "Kerala Foundation day to be celebrated on November 6", "text": "MUMBAI: People's Art Centre will celebrate the 56th Kerala foundation day at the Shanmukhananda Hall on November 6.Free passes will be available at the hall till November 6 from 9am to 8pm.Well-known Malayalee celebrities including from Bollywood will be felicitated and several artists will perform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17056292", "title": "Kannada Rajyotsava celebrations plan go awry, thanks to Cyclone Nilam", "text": "HUBLI: Cyclone Nilam, which hit the Tamil Nadu coast, marred Kannada Rajyotsava celebrations in the city on Thursday.Heavy rain that lashed the city played spoilsport and the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC)'s plan to celebrate the day with much fanfare since it was the first celebration in the home town of Jagadish Shettar after he became the chief minister went awry. Till Wednesday night, HDMC was busy making arrangements to organize various cultural programmes and other functions.The authorities had to cancel all cultural programmes and the procession of tableaux planned to take out in the city. HDMC wanted to take out a huge procession of 23 tableaux depicting history, rich culture and heritage of Karnataka and conduct 'Nadu mareyad Nayakrugalu', a programme to showcase the contribution of great warrior Sangolli Rayyana, queen Kittur Channamma, Onake Obbavva, eminent writers, litterateurs, etc.Dollu kunita, kolata, kudure kunita, tribal dance and other forms of traditional dances planned by HDMC to add glitz to the celebrations were also dropped from the programme list.Mayor Pandurang Patil inaugurated the celebrations by performing puja to the portrait of Bhuvaneshwari at Siddharoodha mutt.HDMC special officer S H Naregal told TOI that they have invited artistes from Gokul, Sulla, Sutagatti, Gamangatti, Gopankoppa and other villages to participate in various cultural programmes. But they had to return with disappointment. \"We waited till 10.30am to begin all the scheduled programmes, but we had to cancel all programmes since incessant rains continued to lash the city,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055472", "title": "No security cover for Deolali railway station angers locals", "text": "NASHIK: Despite being the gateway to the headquarters of the School of Artillery, the Deolali railway station has no formal security cover round-the-clock. There is just one Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel who is informally deployed by the railway authorities during the night.On an average, 28 trains arrive at the station daily. Many of the trains ply during the night hours, which calls for adequate security arrangements at the station located away from the hustle-bustle of the city.Residents of Deolali Camp say that security at the station is important, especially because the railway station is not connected with local bus service operated by the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) and passengers arriving late at night either opt for rickshaws or are forced to wait till the morning hours over safety reasons. Moreover, autorickshaw drivers are known to fleece passengers, charging exorbitantly even for short journeys.Thus, there is a demand of deploying police personnel at the railway station. Officials at the station informed that there is only one personnel of the RPF who takes care of the bandobast, when there is a need of three.However, Inspector Atul Kshirsagar of the RPF stationed at the Nashik Road Railway Station informed that there is no post of an RPF personnel sanctioned for the Deolali Railway Station. However, they have deployed one person just to ensure that things are in control there during late night hours.Kshirsagar added that Deolali Camp Railway station does not witness passenger rush which may call for stationing RPF personnel on permanent basis. The situation is same at railway stations at Lehvit, Ghoti, Niphad and Lasalgaon and no untoward incident has even been reported.However, many residents of the camp area feel that the authorities are waiting for a casualty to strike so that security arrangements can be put into place. While many incidents of loots and robberies may be going unreported, the authorities are also neglecting the security threat to the army base by not taking necessary precautionary measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17056092", "title": "College girls\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 creative imprints make them richer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: College-going girls are capitalizing on Karva Chauth festivities to satiate their creativity as they earn a fast buck. Squeezing some time out of their study schedule, they have set up henna stalls in almost every market.Suniksha Singh, a resident of Sector 24 and Panjab University student, says, \"I have been setting up stalls since three years. I love applying henna. Earlier, I would decorate my family members' hands. On seeing my work, my neighbours encouraged me to set up stalls.\"Kehkasha, who is pursuing MTech from Punjab Technical University, says, \"It is always good to make the most of your skills. I have been putting up henna stalls for a few years. This time, my stall is in Sector 22.\" What adds to their customer queues is their innovation. \"I love experimenting with designs. It is important to offer something different and unique that sets you apart from others,\" says Mehak Kumari, a first-year student of Sector 42 government college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056080", "title": "Tricky lifeline for Gujarat, Orissa, Vidarbha", "text": "PUNE: At the end of the last Ranji season, Gujarat, Orissa and Vidarbha were a dejected lot. While Gujarat and Orissa finished at the bottom of their groups in the elite division and got relegated, Vidarbha were to remain in the plate division due to their inferior quotient. However, as the plate division has been scrapped this year in a new format, they will all end up competing in the elite division again. On the face of it, BCCI's technical committee (then headed by Sourav Ganguly , now by Anil Kumble ) has given them a new lease of life.For, plate division is a curse. Performances in this division, more often than not, are not given due importance by national selectors. But it may not be such a happy situation for them: these three teams have been accommodated in Group A and B, which consist only of elite teams (all plate division teams are in Group C).They will find it that much tougher to enter the quarterfinal round even though three berths will be available to each group. After all, the quality of competition is that much higher in A and B.In Group C, although only two teams will advance to the knockout round, they would have found it easier to qualify from here. Sample this: Gujarat have to battle with Bengal, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh , Mumbai, Railways, Punjab, Hyderabad and Saurashtra to qualify. On the other hand, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh , Himachal Pradesh , Services, Tripura, Goa, Jharkhand , J&K; and Assam battle among themselves to decide the two quarterfinalists.Clearly, it's not a level-playing field. The imbalance is somewhat negated because no team will deliberately try to finish at the bottom in Group A and Group B to get relegated to Group C next season. And being in Group C is shameful in its own way and, anyway, there's no guarantee that the Indian cricket board will continue with the new format next season too.It is also true that the top-two teams from Group C will have better momentum and confidence going into the quarterfinals than the third team in Groups A and B, though the latter achievement is more creditable.Rajasthan's Ranji triumph two seasons ago from the plate division seems to suggest that plate division teams are not that inferior. But that's only part of the story. Rajasthan had 'won' only two league matches out of eight games, to win the title that season. Others, including all three knockouts, were taken on first-innings leads. But with all knockout games to be played over five days this season, hopefully aggressive cricket will be rewarded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17056675", "title": "Mahotsavam row continues", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The controversy over the conduct of the Vwiswa Malayala Mahotsavam continues with the government pulling back from the environment seminar at the last minute. The seminar was cancelled after the decision to not have poet and activist Sugathakumari as the chief guest triggered a row.Culture minister K C Joseph had to personally apologise to Sugathakumari. But, the seminar was cancelled since Speaker G Karthikeya, who replaced her, also refused to attend fearing controversy.\"People who are not interested in my presence due to my stand in issues like the Aranmula Airport, might have had me removed from the seminar. They might have feared that I would speak unpleasant truths,\" said Sugathakumari. The culture minister said that the issue would be rectified soon. \"The seminar has been postponed and not cancelled,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054679", "title": "'Adhere to rules, ensure quality bottled water'", "text": "NAGPUR: A decade earlier, packaged drinking water was something one associated with a traveler from foreign lands. Today, however, this is no longer a luxury and has become commonplace. With this, the instances of seal tampering and falling quality of bottled water have also increased exponentially. However, ensuring that only safe and potable water reaches the consumer is a task that only takes a little effort on the part of the manufacturer and trader.Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS), in association with city-based Anacon Laboratories, organized a consumer awareness workshop 'Aquasafe' recently on issues affecting packaged drinking water quality and role of good manufacturing and lab practices in ensuring the same. The workshop brought together traders, manufacturers, implementing authorities and consumers to put across their problems and issues.NP Kawle, director and head of BIS, Nagpur, began by telling the consumers that an errant manufacturer is liable for a punishment to the tune of Rs 50,000 and up to a year of imprisonment. \"The provisions put up for the companies have been made very user-friendly by BIS. It is always desirable for anybody engaged in trading a product that can affect the health of public to do business honestly. Even if it requires them to price their product higher than others, a company should ensure safety of the consumer by conducting the required tests. These days, people do not mind paying a little more for quality product,\" he said.Speaking about the importance of BIS certification, joint commissioner of Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) SG Annapure ensured that the authorities did not suppress entrepreneurship by making rules too strict. \"We want more industries in the region as that would bring about progress. At the same time, acts like FSSAI aim to take the industry forward and making it able to compete with the best in the world. Such changes will only help, not hamper, any industry,\" he said.\"The water quality in Vidarbha is naturally good. However, the units here need to be careful about collecting, handling and packaging water. This is all the more important as 80% diseases spread through water,\" he said.Directors of Anacon Labs Dattatray and Sugandha Garway spoke about the treatment required to ensure enhanced quality of packaged water and the problems that could arise. \"Quality improvement is a continuous process, with room for improvement at every stage. One can never be satisfied with the quality as it is such an abstract and subjective term. Therefore, it becomes all the more important for the manufacturers to ensure a good quality product,\" said Sugandha.Trader Rajkumar Tirpude put across the difficulties faced by the manufacturers and scientists tried giving a solution for them all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17058503", "title": "India is a big player in Asia-Pacific, says Australia", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the latest great game unfolding in the Asia-Pacific, India is as big a player as the US and China, says Australia's Parliamentary Secretary for Foreign Affairs Richard Marles who is in India to represent Australia in the Indian Ocean Rim Association for Regional Cooperation. In an exclusive interview to Sachin Parashar , Marles also says Australia backs the demand for a code of conduct in South China Sea which Beijing continues to oppose. 1. 19 countries spread across 3 continents.Do you think IOR-ARC has been able to achieve what it set out to achieve 15 years ago?I think we all had great hopes from IOR-ARC and every one would agree that most of the ambitions remain unfulfilled. But it is still there. From the point of looking at it as glass half full, there's good work which it has done and we are very keen to support India in its chairmanship role. India has done great work in revitalizing IOR and Australia as vice chair is doing everything to support India's work and is also looking forward to taking over chairmanship next year. Indian Ocean is a huge channel of commerce. So much of world shipping goes through the Indian Ocean and India and Australia have a joint interest in working together in the region. IOR is doing excellent work in terms of maritime safety standards, port standards as well as in looking at combating piracy.How do you look at this whole strategic shift to the Asia-Pacific with US looking at transferring more and more of its naval capabilities to the region and in the face of an increasingly assertive China?We do have a long term security alliance with the US but China is a huge part of economic future of Australia and getting the balance right is one of the real challenges for the Australian foreign policy. But you could easily say that of countries in ASEAN region and Japan and South Korea - in many ways the US itself because it is the biggest trading partner of China. The other point and which is going to be increasingly significant is the rise of India. We see our economic engagement as going from strength to strength. India is Australia's fourth largest export market. We see India as a strong and largest democracy in the world and in that regard we have shared values which are critically important. India will become as significant an economic partner for Australia as China is. When you talk about balancing US and China in the region, India is just as big a player.What about the growing Chinese aggression in South China Sea through which passes a major part of world trade?An awful lot of trade passes through South China Sea and we are concerned about what is happening there. We believe that the more dialogue that can occur between China and countries like Philippines, the better it will be. We want to see an ongoing process of dialogue and commitment on the part of all parties to a process which will work for a resolution that allows trade and commerce to continue.Does Australia back the demand by several ASEAN countries that there be a multilateral code of conduct for governing South China Sea?There is merit in the code of conduct but principally we look at it as an issue in which parties need to sit around a table and make sure their competing claims are sorted out that way. We want the competing claims to be sorted out under a rules based order, consistent with the law of the sea but making sure all that happens in a sensible, level-headed way.As the countries discuss a uranium safeguards agreement, what are the assurances you are looking at from India before you start supply of uranium to India?India has civil use agreements with other countries in the world and that is a bit of a guide on what kind of agreement would ultimately come about but the important point is that we acknowledged the ban on selling uranium to India as a policy of the Australian government was outdated and made no sense. India is also a massive country - a rising economic power. One of the most important social phenomena to occur in the world in the next decade will be the rise of the Indian middle class and we want trade and business with India. By the way, we have some cultural connections as well in terms of cricket and Commonwealth. India is a country we want to be doing more with rather than less.There has been some criticism from Australian cricketers like Mathew Hayden about Sachin Tendulkar being given Order of Australia recognition.Tendulkar should have got it and there is no doubt about it. He is a part of Australian cricket history. One of the most enduring memories of mine is at the MCG making sure I was seated next to the players so that I could be as close to Sachin Tendulkar as you are to me now and to share that experience with my children. He is probably the best batsman since Bradman. Brian Lara has got the same recognition and he holds a similar place in our national psyche. It is completely appropriate that we recognize the contribution of Sachin Tendulkar to Australian cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17054245", "title": "Man gets one-year jail for rash driving", "text": "CHENNAI: The sixth metropolitan magistrate, S Balakrishnan, sentenced a 26-year-old to one year imprisonment for rash driving, on Thursday.The judge said the accused, S Mathivathanan, who is a resident of Thiruvanmiyur, drove his Tata Sumo on the wrong side of Taramani Main Road near the American School on September 3, 2009 and hit an autorickshaw at high speed.Later, the injured driver, Raja, died in the hospital. A case was filed against the accused under sections 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way) and 304-A (causing death by negligence) of IPC and Motor Vehicle Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056184", "title": "Dry winter adds to health woes", "text": "LUDHIANA: Queues of patients suffering from cough, cold and fever have gone longer at various city hospitals due to the prolonged dry and cold weather conditions.From one to two cases a day, the number has risen to around 10 at Christian Medical College and Hospital, says Dr Jasbir Dhanoa, a professor of medicine. \"The rise is due to viral caused by seasonal change in the weather from hot to cold.\"Experts say fever, cough and cold are common symptoms of the infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17054442", "title": "No mobiles for girls: Rajasthan panchayat", "text": "JAIPUR: A community panchayat in Rajasthan has unanimously favoured prohibiting girls from using personal mobile phones in order to ensure that they do not get involved with boys.Alarmed by the case of a girl who eloped with her boyfriend a few days back, elders of Bhandarez town in Dausa district decided to impose the ban in an all-caste meeting held yesterday.\"It is a matter of serious concern that the use of mobile phones is causing unwarranted problems particularly when it comes to youngsters. Girls using mobile phones are easily connected and approachable and this freedom may create unnecessary problems for her family\", Durga Lal, Sarpanch of Bhandarez, who was present in the meeting, said today.\"Considering this fact, it was the common opinion in the meeting that the girls should be prohibited from using personal mobile phones and also scarves, which helps in hiding identity\", he said.Saini said that a well-educated adult girl eloped with a class 10 drop out boy of some other caste on October 26 and is untraceable since then.\"It was a common opinion, passed unanimously, not a binding decision. If anybody wants to allow girls in his family for using and carrying personal mobile phones, he can do so but I hope that everybody would follow the common opinion because ultimately it is for good\", he added.He also added that the panchayat also requested the local police to expedite efforts in tracing the girl as soon as possible.A local villager Santosh also said that the villagers were in agreement with the panchayat's directive.SP Dausa S N Khinchi said that nobody has approached the police against the decisions or opinion of the meeting.\"So far, there is no complaint against any panchayat's decision. We will look into it if there is any complaint\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17056008", "title": "Henna artists make a killing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is that time of the year when women spare no efforts to look their best. With henna being an indispensable part of Karva Chauth celebration, the mehndiwalas are cashing in on the festive fervour. The day before the festival saw henna artists doubling their charges. So, a design that cost Rs 1,100 for both hands a week before raked in Rs 2,200 on Thursday. And the smallest design entailed nothing less than Rs 300.Ensuring that their \"imprints\" are the prettiest, the fair ladies are going for Arabic, Marwari and Rajasthani henna patterns. And in view of the rising demand for unique styles, the henna artists are game for experimentation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17055009", "title": "50 students selected for painting contest on November 21", "text": "BHOPAL: The best 50 school students have been selected for the state-level on-spot painting competition on the theme 'Replete groundwater before it depletes' in Bhopal on November 21. The students were selected during a recent school-level painting competition organised by the Central Ground Water Board under national campaign for water conservation and inculcating awareness among students, a release of the Board said on Thursday.Among the selected 50 students, 9 are from Indore and 7 from Bhopal districts. Besides, 6 students from Jabalpur, 3 each from Satna, Singrauli and Gwalior and 2 students from Shivpuri have been selected. One student each from 17 districts has been selected among 50 top students. According to the release, top three students of state-level competition to be held in Bhopal on November 21 will represent Madhya Pradesh in the national painting competition.The national competition will be organized on January 21, next year. Cash prizes will be given to the winners of the state-level competition. Governor Ramnaresh Yadav will distribute prizes to the winners.The winner of the national painting competition will be awarded Rs one lakh prize. Four students will be awarded each with Rs 50,000 each for the second place winners. Last Year Huda Khan represented state and won consolation prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17058778", "title": "No respite from uniforms even in college", "text": "While college students in Aurangabad are adhering to dress codes specified by their institutions, we asked them if they are happy about the uniform systemIn the usual scheme of things, the transition from school to college is also accompanied by the freedom to dress as one pleases. But, for the youth of Aurangabad, that is not the case. Respective colleges in the city have particular dress codes, which the students have to adhere to.When rules become routineOver the years, the students have become accustomed to these dress codes. Nisha (name changed), a first year engineering student, says, \"We are comfortable in these clothes. Everyone wears similar clothes, so there's no stress to look stylish also.\" While Nisha may cite comfort as a factor, there are some who do not like the dress code and express it openly. Bhavesh (name changed), a student of BBA at the Institute of Management Studies and Information Technology, says, \"We have to abide by the dress code every single day. Thursday is our Civil Dress Day. That's when we can dress how we want to. Atleast by wearing different kinds of tops, the girls can look different every day. The boys have no option.\"Even though the students of the Institute of Hotel Management also have a dress code, they are very happy about flaunting theirs, albeit for professional reasons. Says Varun Sehgal, a third year student, \"The uniform makes us all feel part of the same group. We are happy to wear our uniforms, as we all feel we belong together.\"With the uniform, why expensive shirts?Since the students wear uniforms for most of the week, they don't really want to spend much on branded clothes. Besides, these shirts, usually very simple in their make, are of no use to them once they graduate, so the students do not want to spend much on them. Says Rupali Rathod (name changed) of PES College of Engineering, \"We spend ` 290-390 on each shirt. Most of these shirts are very simple. When we move out of the city, who will wear the same clothes?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17053992", "title": "MLA's son 'poisoned', Bima blames estranged hubby", "text": "Purnia: The incident of poisoning their 10-year-old son, Raja, has started an acrimonious warfare between Rupauli JD-U MLA Bima Bharti and her estranged husband, Awadhesh Mandal, the kingpin of an unlawful outfit. Raja was brought to a private hospital in a precarious condition in Purnia late Wednesday evening. The police on Thursday lodged an FIR against Mandal with the Khazanchihat polie station on the basis of Bharti's statement.The marital discord between Bharti and Mandal plummeted to new low when their 10-year-old son, Raja was allegedly poisoned and brought to a private nursing home in a critical condition here on Wednesday evening. The boy's condition was said to be stable on Thursday. The JD-U MLA, putting the blame squarely on her estranged husband, charged him with hatching a diabolical conspiracy to kill their son, Raja. \"He (Mandal) had mixed poison with a drink which left Raja unconscious\", she told TOI on Thursday. She said her son was recovering with the saline drip being administered on Thursday also. She has been attending to Raja round-the-clock at the nursing home at Rambagh.Mandal, who rushed to the private nursing home on hearing the news of his son's illness, was kept at bay. The police even denied him permission to peep through the window. The nursing home has been cordoned off.Purnia SP Amit Lodha said the JD-U MLA has charged her estranged husband with poisoning Raja, but Mandal has rubbished the charges. \"The police will take appropriate action into the incident once the medical report is made available,\" Lodha said.On regaining consciousness Raja told a TV channel reporter that he was taken to a school and was made to eat 'samosa' and 'litthi' and also forced to guzzle 'mahua' (a local variant of wine). He had gone to a fair at Bhitta village to attend a 'satsang' in Bhawanipore police station, police said.Mandal, however, has an altogether different take on it. He said their son Raja had indulged in a binge session along with some of his wayward friends. The woman in whose house they were merry-making and the wine seller were going to depose before the DIG at Purnia on Thursday. They were however, halted in their track by the police and prevented from reaching the DIG, he said. \"It is a deep-rooted conspiracy to malign me in another case by Bharti who has also slapped a divorce case on me,\" Mandal said. Bharti, who married Mandal, the kingpin of the outlawed Faizan group, in 1990, is a mother of two sons __ Deepak and Raja __ and a daughter Rani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054560", "title": "CBSE students to get moral lessons via kit", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an aim to reinforce values in students, CBSE has introduced an education kit. Launched by HRD minister, M M Pallam Raju on Thursday, the kit is expected to serve as a broad guideline on moral education for teachers across all classes. CBSE recently decided to introduce 'value-based questions' of three to five marks in all major subjects in Class XII board exams.The kit consists of a value education teachers' handbook and a CD with eight songs. It also has cards on morals for students from nursery to Class XII. \"Universal ideals of love, peace, tolerance, forgiveness, humility, non-violence and sacrifice are the cornerstone of education,\" Raju said.Although value education would be inculcated among all students in age-appropriate ways, the Board has issued specific guidelines to assess students for three to five months in each subject at the summative assessment level in classes IX and X. Value education questions will be integrated with the subject content for classes XI and XII and have 5% weightage.Minister of state for HRD, Dr Shashi Tharoor, Central Vigilance Commissioner, Pradeep Kumar, secretary, School Education and Literacy, R Bhattacharya and CBSE chairman, Vineet Joshi were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056316", "title": "Varun has the heart of a collector", "text": "LUDHIANA: Varun Khullar of Nitish Vihar in Dugri, Phase II sure knows how to follow his heart. Varun nurtured his fondness for coins and foreign currency by transforming it into an art. Today, he is the proud owner of an impressive collection of coins and currency from more than 60 countries.Son of businessman Vinay Khullar and Shashi Khullar, who runs her own boutique, Varun was only eight when he developed a passion for coins and currency. \"My cousin Ashima Sehgal, who lives in the US, visited us back then. She was the one who motivated me to cultivate this hobby. My uncle Vinod Khullar had been collecting currency, coins and stamps for decades.\"The suggestion served him well. 29 now, Varun never looked back and the passion became a vital part of his life. \"The passion to collect coins and currency stuck with me through school and college. I attended DAV Public School, BRS Nagar, Arya College in Civil Lines and GNIMT in Model Town. But academic life did not blunt my passion in the least,\" he said.What does this hobby mean to Varun? He does not know how to describe it. What he does know is that he can't do without it. \"I have a huge collection of coins from USA, India, Britain, Singapore, Canada, France, Japan, China, Germany, Italy, Pakistan, Burma, Nepal, Vietnam, Mexico, Ireland, Denmark, Holland, Sweden, Jordan and Turkey. I also have currency from countries like Pakistan, USA, Nepal, Burma, Hong Kong, Vietnam, Turkmenistan, Oman and China\", a beaming Varun Khullar said.Varun's collection boasts of some rare pieces which have witnessed turning points in history. \"I have a mint coin collection which includes the silver coin released by Britain on the death of Lady Diana. I also have a coin collection of 50 state quarters of the United States of America,\" he said. Varun's stamp collection encompasses USA, India, Pakistan, UK, Canada, Nepal, China, France, Italy and many other countries.The resourceful collector manages to source coins, currency and stamps from people or simply off the wayside. A winsome persona and a keen eye help. \"I get these coins from my pen pals, friends and from people I meet while travelling to different parts of the country for business purposes. Earlier, I used to write to my pen pals to get me currency notes, coins and stamps from different countries. Now, I also use social networking sites to make new friends for the purpose,\" he explained.Fortunately for Varun, his wife Sonika Khullar, like his parents, encourages him to follow his heart. That, of course, is enough to give him wings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17054166", "title": "Traders accost Kejriwal with bag of woes", "text": "KANPUR: City-based traders and retailers under the banner of Akhil Bharatiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal (ABUVM) halted the motorcade of India Against Corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday morning while he was heading towards Farrukhabad to address a rally and appealed to him to protest against foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail and decision to cap subsidy on LPG cylinders.The traders were demanding the IAC leader to raise voice against FDI and limiting of subsidy over the cooking gas cylinders\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe two important issues related to 'aam aadmi' (common man. Kejriwal's motorcade was stopped by the agitating traders near Ganga bridge in Jajmau.Members of the ABUVM wore black clothes and donned black caps as a mark of protest against foreign direct investment in retail and limiting of subsidy on LPG cylinders. They also showed placards and posters that read anti-FDI slogans. The black caps donned by the retailers flashed slogans like 'FDI Wapas Lo' (rollback FDI).The same slogans were written on black T-shirts wore by the demonstrators. Amidst raising slogans the traders managed to reach close to the SUV (UP 32 DT 0003) in which Kejriwal was seated. They wanted to hand him over a memorandum. Kejriwal did not step out of his vehicle but received the memorandum. He assured the traders that he would soon be raising protest against FDI in retail and sought their help and support.Kejriwal also asked the traders to accompany him to Farrukhabad. There was choas when traders and retailers tried to hand over the memorandum and police remained on their toes. A mild scuffle and arguments took place between IAC members and traders. While the IAC activists wanted Kejriwal and his motorcade to proceed towards Farrukhabad, the traders were eager to meet him and register their protest with the man who has been holding a series of protest against corruption all over the country. Mediapersons who were keen to talk to him and take his pictures had to struggle to do so.The district administration on the other hand had made elaborate security arrangements. This was done to avert any clash between IAC members and Congressmen to take place.The district administration and police was apprehensive about clashes between the activists of the two sides. Also, the administration had clues about the protest the traders had to launch on Thursday near Ganga bridge from where Arvind Kejriwal and his team had to pass. As a result, large police force had been deployed at Ganga bridge in Jajmau area.General secretary ABUVM Gyanesh Mishra, who spearheaded the protest near Ganga bridge by stopping the motorcade of Kejriwal, told TOI that it was all to attract the attention of Kejriwal to issues pertaining to the traders in particular and countrymen in general.\"We told him that FDI in retail sector would render over 5 crore retailers in the country jobless and families of retailers will starve to death. We have urged the IAC leader to raise the issue and launch a strong protest against capping of subsidy on LPG cylinders,\" said Mishra further.He added, \"We have seen a ray of hope in Kejriwal and he can do something for the country. Traders and retailers of the country are looking up to him but so far he has remained quite on FDI in retail.Also he has not acted tough against reducing the subsidy to just six LPG cylinders. All this has forced traders to see the IAC leader like any other politician not willing to raise an issue directly affecting an 'aam aadmi'.\" Atul Dwivedi, Kamal Tripathi, Anand Shukla and several other traders took part in the protest launched by the Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal.Earlier, hundreds of locals, IAC activists and fans of Kejriwal gathered near Ganga bridge to greet him. While women members of the IAC applied vermillion on his forehead, male members raised nationalist slogans and chants of support holding the Tricolour and large banners. Some carried banners reading 'Farrukhabad Chalo' on their cars.A procession of over 10 cars, two buses and several other private vehicles formed the part of Kejriwal's motorcade. He waved back at the crowd and shook hands with them and urged public to come with him to Farrukhabad.People of all ages reached the spot from early morning. Rural women arrived at the venue with flowers and showered them on his vehicle with posters reading 'Main Aam Aadmi Hoon'.Traffic police and IAC members worked hard to clear the way for the activist and his group. The Reserve police force and PAC, firemen and officials of district administration heaved a sigh of relief when the motorcade left.National flag was waved and patriotic slogans raised before the motorcade left for the next destination. People from different parts of the state as well as other regions in private vehicles followed the activist.The rally reached Kanpur by road and were scheduled to travel to Delhi by Shram Shakti Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17059323", "title": "Indo-Pak series could have been longer: Zaheer Abbas", "text": "KARACHI: He is glad that Indo-Pak bilateral cricket is finally set for revival come December, but former Pakistan captain Zaheer Abbas is not particularly pleased with the short duration of the series.While welcoming the BCCI announcement that it had got clearance to host Pakistan for a short one-day series from December 25, Zaheer said he hoped for a full series.\"While it is a very good thing that finally bilateral cricket matches are being revived after nearly five years but the duration of the series has disappointed me given the importance of Indo-Pak cricket contests,\" he said.\"Any bilateral contest is welcome but I would have thought that after such a long break, both countries should have played a proper Test series and found a window for this in their busy schedules,\" he added.Zaheer said the duration of the series was too short. \"But anyway I hope that very soon the two boards will schedule a full Test series because it has been a long time since we played Tests against each other and that is the real challenge of cricket,\" he noted.Another former Test captain, Hanif Mohammad also welcomed the decision by the PCB to send its team to India in December to revive bilateral ties.\"It is a good decision although India has not come to Pakistan since 2006 but someone has to take the initiative and it is good we did it. Because I have always felt Indo-Pak cricket contests only further popularise the sport in the subcontinent and bring in new talent,\" Hanif said.Zaheer also advised the Pakistan Cricket Board to appoint a local person as the batting coach of the national team.Zaheer's comments came despite he being a member of the coaching committee appointed by the board to scrutinise, shortlist and recommend candidates for the batting coach position.The committee has invited interested applicants from Pakistan and outside the country to apply for the position by December 5.\"I just feel that we should have a local person as batting coach because we have produced some great batsmen in our country and one of them can easily enough do the job for the national team,\" Zaheer said.The former captain, who himself scored prolifically in a illustrious career is a member of the committee that also includes former Test captain Intikhab Alam and Colonel Naushad Ali.Zaheer, who was also on the committee when it appointed Dav Whatmore as head coach of the team in March, said the Australian needed to be given proper time to prove his credentials with the team.\"Immediately after he took charge we won the Asia Cup but I still feel he needs to be given more time to prove himself. We should not jump to conclusions about his value to the team,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17054083", "title": "Govt employee creates ruckus in all-women police station", "text": "MADURAI: A clerical staff in the office of the superintendent of police in Sivaganga district created a ruckus in an all-women police station brandishing a knife at a police woman and threatening her, on Thursday.The 42-year-old man has been arrested for his act and remanded. The staff - Ragu alias Rajendran, 42, of Sundarapuram near Manamadurai - had allegedly tortured his wife who lodged a complained with the police. Based on the complaint, police arrested him few days back and he was just released on bail. Infuriated by the police action, he threatened the women personnel at the station, police said.They added that the incident occurred at the all-women police station in Manamadurai on Thursday morning. As soon as Rajendran entered the station, he started abusing the lone police woman, Sengodi, who was in the station. As Sengodi warned him to leave the station, he pulled out a knife and threatened her. He continued abusing the police personnel and allegedly warned Sengodi that they would face dire consequences if they proceeded with legal action against him. As Sengodi started making calls to her colleagues asking them to rush to the station, Rajendran left the place.Sengodi lodged a formal complaint against him, following which Rajendran was arrested. Police said that few days back, Rajendran's wife had lodged a complaint against him alleging harassment. Subsequently, Rajendran was arrested but managed to obtain bail. Police said that the man was in an inebriated state when he barged into the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17056153", "title": "DMRC objects to govt order on mono rail", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The guidelines laid down by the state government in an order according administrative sanction to the first phase of the Rs 1,991-crore Kozhikode monorail project are loaded against the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).The agency is unlikely to take up the project if the government goes by the administrative order issued by the public works department on October 9, which effectively rules out DMRC's engagement by stating clearly that the 'entire project, including civil construction works (stage 1) and selection of concessionaire for the PPP mode (Phase 2), will be executed through international competitive bidding.'\"As per the order, the role envisaged for DMRC is only advisory in nature and DMRC principal advisor E Sreedharan had made it clear that DMRC would not associate itself in a project in an advisory role. DMRC has also made it clear that it would not be part of any competitive bidding,\" a DMRC official said, adding that the order does not reflect the provisions of the detailed project report prepared by the DMRC and approved by the government in toto.The order states that the project will be structured in two phases, with civil works constituting the first phase and rolling stock, signalling, telecommunications, operation and maintenance the second phase. DMRC officials, however, say such a bifurcation is not viable for monorail projects as the finalization of the rolling stock will have a fundamental bearing on the civil works.\"DMRC has made it clear in the DPR itself that finalization of the rolling stock should be the first step and that civil constructions should be done based on the rolling stock requirements,\" the official said. \"The order is confusing and we have serious apprehensions about its provisions,\" he said, adding that the PPP route with an internal rate of return (IRR) of just 1.42% will not be attractive for an investor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17058865", "title": "Sandy raises storm in Tollywood", "text": "Sandy might have wreaked havoc in the north-eastern US, but its effects are felt back in Kolkata. Not stopping at flooding streets, tunnels and subway lines and cutting off electricity, it has also made flying in and out a difficult task. Reason why, Aniket Chattopadhyay had to recast for his film, 'Mahapurush O Kapurush', replacing Biswajit Chakraborty, currently stationed in Florida, with Biswanath Basu.  Aniket says, \"Imagine my plight! The film is all set to hit the floors this week and here, a crucial character goes missing. Biswajitda had gone to Florida during the Pujas as he has his own group theatre and performs abroad almost every year. After the hurricane hit the US, we lost touch. Only recently did he message me saying that will not be back in Kolkata in time for the shoot.\"Biswajit was supposed to play a police officer in the film, a character integral to the storyline. That's when the director had to think of a last-minute replacement. \"Biswanath too has too many projects in hand. I told him on Wednesday morning and thankfully, he came on board that night,\" says the director. Now, getting his Kolkata police wardi stitched in time is no less a task, feels Aniket. \"The sizes are not the same. But that's something the unit has to pull off. I needed an actor with a good comic timing and that's how Biswanath came into the picture.\" Biswanath, who shares a great rapport with Aniket, too is happy to have proved himself a friend in need. \"When Aniketda told me about the problem, I readily agreed. I've known him for long. I have worked with him in a wonderful film called Goray Gondogol. So, despite the fact that I haven't read the script , I trusted him blindly. All I know is that I'm supposed to play a cop,\" he says. The storm having passed by, the unit is geared up to shoot from November 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17054922", "title": "Streetlights in HUDA sectors to be fixed", "text": "GURGAON: Streetlights in various residential areas and on all major roads in HUDA sectors will be repaired before Diwali. The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has asked its electrical wing to start a special drive to ensure adequate stock of tubelights, cables and other materials required to fix streetlights and lights in different markets in the HUDA sectors.A senior HUDA official said, \"The drive is being launched to make sure that streetlights are working in all the sectors and major roads before Diwali.\" The official admitted that various RWAs had complained about non-functional streetlights in their sectors and main roads. The drive has been welcomed by the residents. However, they said that not much work has been done on the ground level.Deepak Sharma, a resident of Sector 51, said, \"The road from Faridabad towards Golf Course road is poorly lit. HUDA recently reconstructed the road but did not care to fix the damaged streetlights.\" After sunset, Sharma said, \"It is scary for women driving alone on the road. My wife never takes that road because it's usually dark and has no police presence.\"The residents said that HUDA must focus on the inner sector roads. Amit Arora, a resident of Sector 4, said: \"Streetlights in the sector are not functioning because the contractor has not bothered to carry out repair works for the past several months. This has affected the residents' safety during night.\"Sector 14 resident Anuskha Pandey said, \"HUDA must work to set up bus stops and streetlights for commuters\". She works in Delhi and commutes by Metro. \"Roads going towards Sector 29 from HUDA City Centre are completely dark during the night. I prefer to wait for my husband inside Metro station instead of waiting for a bus or take an autorickshaw,\" Pandey said.The residents claimed that large stretches from Rajiv Chowk, Subhash Chowk and NH-8 up to Badshapur don't have enough streetlights. \"Work on damaged cables has started and the problem will be solved soon. In some places, cables have been damaged because of construction work but all of them will now be fixed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17056956", "title": "Feel a strong connect with Goa, says Luis Figo", "text": "MARGAO: Luis Figo behaves the same, whether it's on the field or off it: calm and composed.Signing autographs, answering questions, posing for pictures, and as one crazy fan demanded\u00e2\u20ac\u201d recording a message for his girlfriend\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Figo did all that with the same magic with which he bamboozled rivals and had the world at his feet.There is no irritation, no hurry to wave the madness away. The only time he raised his eyebrow was when the discussion veers towards India and its football.\"I am a bit surprised that India, with all its resources and population, does not have one decent footballer. Portugal is a country with 11 million people but you have more than a billion here,\" said Figo, speaking to TOI in an exclusive interview at a five star hotel in South Goa on Thursday.Figo\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho turns 40 this Sunday \u00e2\u20ac\u201dis in Goa to attend the closing ceremony of the Youth Champions League, a unique youth football event that has seen more than 250 teams and 2500 players jostle for the top prize and a ticket to train at Football by Carlos Queiroz \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the soccer academy run by the former Portuguese coach and assistant to Sir Alex Ferguson at Manchester United.\"I do not know the organization here and how it works but what India needs at the moment is an idol. The young players need someone to look up to,\" said the Portuguese legend, who, interestingly, will meet All India Football Federation general secretary Kushal Das and chief coach Wim Koevermans later in the day.Sunil Chhetri is the only footballer to ply his trade outside the country at the moment but the India captain is struggling to break into the reserve side of Sporting Clube de Portugal, a club where Figo spent ten of his formative, and in his words, beautiful years. \"I joined Sporting when I was ten years old and they helped me grow. Here too, it is the clubs that need to play a proactive role in the development of a player. I don't know about Chhetri but it is imperative that players learn from the top clubs in Europe,\" said Figo.While, not surprisingly, Indian football, or its past, did not ring a bell with the Portuguese legend, Goa found a strong mention; not for its football but for a 'strong bond' that the state shares with its colonial rulers.\"We all feel connected to Goa. The tradition, the culture, the history, it's so much to do with Portugal. From a football point of view, I don't know what's happening here, but as a state, the connect is very strong,\" said Figo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17058183", "title": "Arrest of SP Desh Raj Singh raises serious questions", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The repeated involvement of Chandigarh police personnel including a SP rank official in criminal cases have raised a question mark on the leadership and command of top officials of Chandigarh police.A total six policemen including 2008 batch IPS officer, SP Desh Raj Singh, have been booked and arrested in different cases included corruption, molestation etc during the past three months.SP Desh Raj Singh was arrested for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh from a SHO of Chandigarh police, Anokh Singh, in his sector 23 residence on October 15.DGP (Chandigarh) PK Srivastva refused to make any comment but said, \"There is no doubt on the functioning of CBI. CBI sleuths arrested Desh Raj after verifying the complaint of Anokh Singh.\"However, reliable police sources told TOI, \"IPS Desh Raj Singh was blue-eyed cop of an IPS rank official, currently posted in Chandigarh, and it was on his recommendation that Desh Raj was nominated as SP of Chandigarh. Otherwise, his tenure of three years in Chandigarh has almost been completed by July and he can be relieved for Delhi from Chandigarh.\"The internal tussle and politics is also considered to be another reason behind the trap of SP Desh Raj Singh. During the investigation of corruption case against SI Naveen Sharma, name of another IPS officer from Delhi, who was posted in Chandigarh, came under the radar of CBI but later given clean chit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054438", "title": "Huge tree saved from being axed", "text": "NAGPUR: One more huge tree nearly lost its life at a construction site on North Ambazari road even as no concrete action has been taken regarding the illegal tree felling on NH 69.A huge mango tree was being cut when tree activist Shrikant Deshpande intervened and inquired whether permission was taken for the same. \"It was apparent that the whole tree was being cut,\" said Deshpande. Security guard deployed at the site also told TOI photographer that the tree might be axed.However, workers at the site later told TOI that they were only cutting a big branch. But they didn't have permission to do so. \"We didn't know that permission was required. The tree branch was coming in the way of the truck. So we cut it,\" he said.The chopped branch was a thick one. On reaching the spot, tree inspectors asked the labourers to keep it aside. \"The labourers were not coming clean on the ownership of the land,\" said tree inspector Amol Chorpagar. However, the premises had a board of an upcoming residential complex Impressa Rise.Meanwhile, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) is yet to reply to the show cause notice issued nearly 10 days back by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) regarding the illegal tree felling on NH 69.On October 20, NHAI commenced cutting trees between Mental Hospital and Mankapur squares. Luckily, an alert citizen informed TOI, which took up the matter. After garden superintendent NB Shrikhande visited the spot, he informed that he had not given permission to cut trees between these squares. Permission was only given for cutting 367 trees between Mankapur Square and Koradi octroi naka.Tree inspector Anant Nagmote informed TOI that NMC had issued the show cause notice to NHAI on October 23 but it has not received any reply. \"They should reply within seven days of receiving the notice,\" he said.NHAI project director UM Shambharkar confirmed that they have received the show cause notice. \"We received it three-four days back. We have asked the contractor concerned to give clarification,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17056082", "title": "Hearing on land grabbing after 4 weeks", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has sought the response of the state government on a petition against alleged grabbing of government lands allotted for the purpose of establishing schools. The matter will come up for hearing after four weeks. The order came from a division bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Satish Chandra on a PIL filed by local lawyer.The PIL stated that several plots of land allotted for construction of school buildings have been grabbed by builders and mafia. It sought court's direction to cleanse these plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17056454", "title": "Electoral college: Twist that defines US cliffhangers", "text": "WASHINGTON: Is the Obama-Romney race the closest ever? Could be, but several of the past United States presidential contests have ended in near dead heats. But first a question needs to be settled: are we looking at close contests in terms of popular vote or by Electoral College votes?The difference lies in the peculiarity of the US election system. People cast votes in each state on Election Day. By adding up all the votes for each candidate across the country, we get the 'popular vote'.But that is not what decides the winner. There have been four elections in the past when the candidate who got the most popular votes lost the election.This happened most recently in 2000 when George Bush got about half a percent less popular votes than Al Gore, his Democratic rival. But Bush had the last laugh because he got 5 more Electoral College votes than Gore.Each state elects a fixed number of 'electors' who make up the 538 member Electoral College. It is this body that finally elects the president by simple majority vote. Popular vote don't directly translate into Electoral College vote because states have different numbers of electors based on their population.Most states have a winner takes all system - \"whoever wins the popular vote in a state gets all its electors. So, if a candidate wins some of the most populous states like California (55 votes), Texas (38), New York (29), Florida (29), Illinois (20), Pennsylvania (20), Ohio (18), Michigan (16), etc, he or she is through.If a candidate wins these states with small margins and lose big in other states, he or she may become president with less popular vote than the rival's.In terms of popular vote the election of 1880 was the closest as Republican James Garfield pipped his Democratic rival Winfield Hancock, a Civil War general, by just 2000 votes or about 0.1%Other famous close races in terms of popular vote include Democratic Party's John F Kennedy's win over Richard Nixon in 1960 by a margin of just 0.2%, Jimmy Carter's win over Gerald Ford in 1976 by 2% and Bush's second victory over John Kerry by 2.5%.In terms of electoral votes, the closest margin has been the one vote victory of Rutherford Hayes (R) over Samuel Tilden (D) back in 1876.George Bush's win over Al Gore in 2000 was by a mere five votes. Bush's second election too went down to the wire, with the incumbent winning by just 35 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17055984", "title": "Petitioner raised the question of God", "text": "KOCHI: The question posed by the Supreme Court on Thursday, whether Sree Narayana Guru is God, did not originate from the judges, but from the petitioner because that was the basic question the court has been called to decide upon, point out legal experts.\"A decision cannot be given by the court without deciding whether Guru is God. I don't think it's humiliating the Guru. Even Guru hasn't claimed he is God. The court is only doing its duty to arrive at a decision. Its question is for clarification, and it has to follow the procedures laid out in the Constitution. Hence, its question is not legally wrong,\" JSS state president and high court advocate A N Rajan Babu said.Advocate Sivan Madathil, who appeared in the original case against Umesh Challiyil at the Kerala high court in 2003, said the apex court's question was natural and inevitable. \"It is the one raised by Umesh in the petition. Therefore, the court's query is correct. It has to answer whether the Constitution permits swearing other than in the name of God,\" he said.When the same question came up before the court in 2003, the point was argued with the help of an example. \"I produced before the court a copy of the Times of India that carried an article about a temple built at Chidambaram for worshipping actress Khushboo. The question I asked was if Khushboo sponsors a candidate on the condition that he should swear in her name, would the Constitution allow it? She has a temple in her name and she is being worshipped, I argued,\" Madathil stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17054956", "title": "Parking spaces to go in private hands", "text": "NOIDA: In order to regularize parking of vehicles in designated spaces within various sectors of Greater Noida, and for the upkeep and maintenance of the parking lots, the Greater Noida Authority will now hand over these spaces to private contractors. Parking at these spaces, which is at present free for all, will now be made chargeable for users.The parking spaces range in size from 770 sqm to over 9,000 sqm. The Authority has floated an expression of interest inviting bidders for management of the parking spaces.The parking spaces, which would be managed by private contractors, are located in Sectors Beta-I, Beta-II, Pi-II, Swarn Nagari, Alpha-I and Gamma-II of Greater Noida. The different sizes of the parking lots, which are being passed onto for management by private parties, are 1,783 sqm, 770 sqm, 2,925 sqm, 1,188 sqm, 9,953 sqm and 1,500 sqm.Officials at Greater Noida Authority said that due to the absence of regulators and managers at these parking lots, users park their vehicles at these spaces in a haphazard manner. \"Consequently, the entire parking lot turns into a mess with vehicles scattered everywhere. It becomes difficult to bring vehicles out from the parking lots because of the chaos,\" said a senior official of the Authority.Authority officials said that the need for regulating these parking spaces is being felt even more because commercial establishments in the city do not have their own lots. \"As a result, people often park their vehicles on the roads. Adequate cleanliness would also be ensured at these parking lots,\" added the official.In addition, the appointment of regulators at the parking lots is also expected to minimize incidents of thefts of vehicles in the city. Parking of unknown or abandoned vehicles at these spaces would also be prevented after appointment of managers. The Authority would hand over management of these parking spaces to eligible contractors for an initial period of two years. Greater Noida Authority would finalize contractors for the parking lots after opening various bids it receives on November 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17056849", "title": "3 held on charge of attacking Pai", "text": "BANGALORE: Three persons, including an employee of a Kannada TV news channel, were arrested on Thursday for the attack on developer-turned educationist P Dayananda Pai on October 16.Police said four men on two bikes pulled alongside Pai's Bentley car when he was at a traffic circle near Ramakrishna Ashram in Basavanagudi. The pillion riders opened fire on either side of the car, but the bullets couldn't pierce through the glass.\"The accused wanted to raise funds for Hebbat Manja. We suspect they had threatened many industrialists and rich businessmen. We are questioning them,\" a senior investigating officer told TOI.Prime accused, identified as Vignesh from K Nidugane village near Madikeri, was arrested on October 20. Police said he had close links with Hebbat Manja, a rowdy now hiding in Thailand. Hebbat Manja had claimed he was behind the attack on Pai.Following Vignesh's arrest, police took three more persons into custody. One is Subhash Bheemappa Hubballi alias Shekhar, 36, Dodda Bommasandra in Vidyara nyapuram. He was riding the motorcycle on which Vignesh was pillion. Based on his confession, R Santosh, 25, of Sampangiramaiah Layout on Hessarghatta Main Road, was arrested. Santosh works for the Kannada TV channel and has reportedly been in constant touch with Hebbat Manja. Police subsequently arrested Subhash's brother Mallikarjun, 30, of Thimmapura in Dharwad taluk, and recovered two 9 mm pistols and 30 rounds of bullets from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17056354", "title": "Para teachers to resume work on Friday", "text": "RANCHI: Para teachers in the state will resume work from Friday. This was decided in their meeting with the human resource development minister, Baidyanath Ram on Thursday. He handed over a letter to them making a mention of the points that were agreed upon in the meeting held on Wednesday.Chairperson of Jharkhand Para Teachers' Association Sanjay Dubey said, \"The minister has said in writing that he will be writing to the central government about increasing the honorarium of para teachers to Rs 10,000 from Rs 6,000. It also makes a mention of the formation of a departmental committee in few days time to look into other demands of para teachers. This committee will have a member each from the three groups of para teachers.\"The three groups of teachers are Jharkhand State Para Teachers' Association, Jharkhand State Community Teachers' Association and Education Friend Para Teachers' Association. A conflict of interest remains between the para teachers and the HRD department in terms of increasing honorarium by Rs 700 as was decided in the cabinet meeting.Dubey added, \"According to the decision taken in the cabinet, the honorarium will be increased in two slabs, they'll be different for the teachers teaching in primary and upper primary schools. Earlier, our payment was commensurate to our qualification. Now, the hike in honorarium will be done according to our post.\"Earlier, those teachers who had intermediate training were paid Rs 5500 and the ones with a graduate training were paid Rs 6000 but according to the decision of the cabinet, even if the teacher is intermediate trained and is teaching in upper primary school, he will get Rs 6700. But a graduate trained teacher, teaching in primary school will get only Rs 6200, he added.As the hike of honorarium is still unclear, the para teachers have decided not to give a formal letter about calling off the strike to the district superintendent of education. Dubey said, \"We are on a pen holding strike which means that we will start teaching but will not call off the strike formally. According to the rules, we have to submit a formal letter to the DSE about calling off the strike which we will not do unless the HRD department clears this point of conflict.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17058904", "title": "Narendra Modi using terrorism to gain power: Shankersinh Vaghela", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dubious police encounters in Gujarat suddenly came to a halt since former minister of state for home Amit Shah and several police officials were arrested, claimed chairman of Congress election campaign committee Shankersinh Vaghela.Vaghela said many police officials are in jail and many more likely to be arrested soon in this regard. \"Who is responsible for these encounters? The former junior home minister was externed for several months and has returned, but he will soon find himself in jail again,\" said Vaghela.Vaghela alleged that the BJP government was behind these encounters. He said during the last assembly elections Modi had challenged terrorists. \"The terrorists then struck and killed several hundred people accepting Modi's challenge. Gujarat is the only state where two senior ministers are jailed. One in for an encounter and the other for rioting in 2002,\" he said.Leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil said Modi has left Gujarat's border unguarded to help terrorists. Even in the Mumbai terror attack of 2008, Kuber, a Porbandar resident's boat was used by terrorists.He said Modi has commandos to guard even his footwear, hence he challenges terrorists. Gohil accused Modi of using terrorism to satisfy his votebank politics and his desire to return to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17056753", "title": "What Mitt Romney is offering is not change, Barack Obama says", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has lashed out at his Republican challenger's promise of change, alleging that what Mitt Romney is offering is \"not change\" and his policies would take the country backwards.\"We know what change looks like. And what the governor is offering sure ain't change,\" Obama said yesterday, in identical speeches in two separate election rallies in Wisconsin and Nevada - the two battle ground States.Romney, the former governor of Massachusetts , is promising to give back power to the biggest banks; Obama said adding that this is not change.\"Leaving millions without health insurance isn't change. Another $5 trillion tax cut that favours the wealthy isn't change. Turning Medicare into a voucher is change, but we don't want that change,\" Obama said in Green Bay Wisconsin.\"Ruling out compromise by pledging to rubber-stamp the Tea party's agenda as president -- that's definitely not change,\" Obama said in Las Vegas in Nevada.Obama had hit the campaign trail after three days of pause because of Hurricane Sandy. In the final five days of the run-up to the presidential election, Obama is focusing on the key eight battleground States.\"After four years as President, you know me by now. You may not agree with every decision I've made. You may be frustrated at the pace of change. But you know what I believe.\"You know where I stand. You know I'm willing to make tough decisions even when they're not politically convenient. And you know that I will fight for you and your families every single day as hard as I know how,\" he said.\"So my opponent can talk about change, but I know what real change looks like because I've fought for it. I've got the scars to prove it. You have too. And after all that we've been through together, we sure as heck can't give up now,\" he stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17056419", "title": "BJP denies Shibu Soren's claims of rotation deal", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Expressing strong objection to the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) chief Shibu Soren's claim of 'rotation of power' once the Arjun Munda government completes its 28 months in office, the BJP on Thursday said JMM's support to the current government was unconditional.Denying the former chief minister's claim of 'rotation of power', state BJP president Dr Dineshanand Goswami said: \"If Soren has to speak about the coalition issue then he should air his opinion in the coordination committee meeting instead of making public statements.\" Incidentally, the JMM supremo is also the head of the Jharkhand State Coordination Committee.The senior BJP leader said the only reason the present government was formed was to prevent mid-term elections in the state. \"We have no information about any such deals (rotation of power),\" said Dr Goswami putting at rest all speculations.Soren on Tuesday had claimed that there would be a change in leadership after Munda government completes its 28 months in office. Munda government was formed, with support from JMM, AJSU, JD(U) and others, in September 2010 and will complete its 28 months in office in January 2013.Throwing the organization's weight behind Munda on the pension deadlock with Bihar, Dr Goswami announced that BJP Lok Sabha members will take up the issue in the winter session of the Parliament commencing November 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17054944", "title": "Four persons booked for bid to burn woman alive", "text": "BHOPAL: Four persons attempted to burn alive a middle aged woman in Ashok Nagar, about 230 kms away from Bhopal on Wednesday evening. She was admitted to a private hospital in the neighbouring district of Guna.According to the police, four persons from the Ojha community poured kerosene over Sharda Bai, 45, and tried to torch her. However, she raised an alarm and timely intervention of some local people saved her. The incident took place around 8 pm on Wednesday.According to Ashok Nagar, SP, Kumar Sourabh, the woman sustained burns on one of her legs. He said cases under sections of 285 of IPC(negligent conduct with respect to fire or combustible material) and 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of other) have been registered against four persons of Ashok Nagar.The police said old enmity between the family of the woman and the accused could be the reason behind the incident. According to the police, few days back, Kalla , son of Sharda, had barged into the house of the accused. He was booked under sections of 456 (trespassing) of the IPC.The police registered the FIR of the case almost 24 hours after the incident. Investigations are on, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056273", "title": "'Indian computer game developers appear to be improving content'", "text": "PUNE: The Indian gaming industry has spread its influence across platforms, evolved new business models and emerged as a prominent sunrise industry in the country. The industry holds the promise of maturing over the next few years thanks to improved skill sets, quality of development, on-time delivery combined with cost advantage. The entry of global majors and setting up of captive centres are significant milestones and as the momentum picks up this will transform the gaming landscape. The National Association of Software and Services Companies (Nasscom) is organising the fourth edition of its Game Developer Conference on November 2 and 3 (Friday and Saturday) in the city. Rajeev Vaishav, Nasscom's member of Outreach Programme spoke to TOI on the eve of the conference:What is the present state of India's gaming industry? What is the size of this business presently and what are the projections?The Indian gaming industry is witnessing a steady growth in India with immense potential. With factors like emergence of gaming start-up, rise in wireless usage and a proliferation of game developers, significant rise in penetration of personal computers and mobile phones has also accelerated the growth of the industry. The gaming industry is constantly evolving with the introduction of new technologies in the gaming circuit and will witness a constant rise in demand for new innovations from customers.The Indian gaming industry is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 49% to reach $830 million by 2012 which was $167 million in 2008. By the end of 2012, the gaming industry would grow at a CAGR of 10.5% globally to $53.6 billion from $21 billion in 2008. The Nasscom IGDA report on casual gaming in India reveals that it is expected to grow significantly at a CAGR of 32% over 2010-15.Global game developers are considering moving a lot of work to India, but does India have the ecosystem in terms of talent and technology?The Indian gaming industry is at an inflection point - with increasing demand for outsourcing services supplemented by a fast growing domestic market. With the growth of talent and technology in India many global game developers are considering to partner with the Indian gaming industry. The Indian gaming services have moved up the value chain with more end-end offshoring work in terms of development services coming to India. The entry of global majors and setting up of captive centres are significant milestones and as the momentum picks up this will transform the gaming landscape in India.What are the challenges that Indian game developers are facing?One of the key challenges being faced by Indian gaming developers is the stiff competition from international content which often tends to have better quality. However, given the success of localized games we have seen in the past, the Indian game developers appear to be improving content that is on par with international standards. The lack of casual games based on Indian environment, society, lifestyle and culture also inhibit the adoption in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities. Majority of the games available today are based on international themes and story-lines and invoke limited interest from Indian consumers. Also the absence of viable alternative payments mechanisms for online and mobile based games has hindered innovation by game developers. Infrastructure related issues like high cost of consoles, non availability of adequate bandwidth, low awareness of the Indian population on gaming as it is relatively a newer form of entertainment and not integrated into the Indian culture are some of the major challenges faced by the Indian game developers and industry.How will the fast evolving telecom technology impact the field of game development?The mobile gaming market generates huge amount of revenues and is expected to grow at CAGR 27.5% over 2010-15. Upgradation of infrastructure (3G and LTE) leading to availability of affordable and stable mobile internet services will be the driving factors for mobile casual gaming revenues. The availability of low-cost handsets will increase the target market that can be addressed by the gaming companies. Also with the increasing penetration of netbooks and tablet PCs higher number of people are accessing internet for online games.As most consumption of gaming software will be online and on-mobile, what special capabilities will Indian game developers need to address those mediums?Development of women centric online and on-mobile games such as based on TV-soaps-which have huge fan following, will help the gaming companies to target housewives in not just Tier-1 cities but also Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities. Also the Indian game developers need to develop online games in local languages, which are based on demographic, cultural and social topics that can positively impact the adoption and penetration of casual games. The game developers must additionally focus at developing games that provide near real, interactive and engrossing experience to users. This will help the gaming companies in ensuring sustained interest of the gamers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17056572", "title": "Kerala government clears 10 projects for capital city development", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has sanctioned 10 projects for the development of the capital city. The decision was taken at an empowered committee meeting chaired by chief minister Oommen Chandy .Four of these projects are expected to begin early next year. The construction of a ring road linking the 42-km city roads will be a major project among these, the work for which will begin in the 2013-'14 fiscal. An approval has also been given for parking plazas, shopping complexes and development of markets. It has also been decided to plant one lakh saplings in the city.The government has decided to appoint a professional agency to conduct a feasibility study on parking plazas and shopping complexes. Plans have already been prepared for a couple of ring roads but a feasibility study will be undertaken in view of the demand for more ring roads to reduce the traffic congestion.The government intends to plant one lakh saplings in five years, and the project will be jointly executed by the forest and agriculture departments in association with the city corporation. It is also planning to announce a green policy for the capital city next year.While parking plazas are planned in Attakulangara and Thampanoor, two more are mooted in front of the Secretariat and Central Stadium. The government will conduct a feasibility study on these, for which adequate funds will sanctioned in the next budget. A consulting agency will be appointed in a month and it will be asked to complete the study in three months. The project work is expected to begin by April next year.The government has also decided to speed up the land acquisition for the development of Karamana-Kaliyikkavila national highway. For this, it has been decided to take steps to acquire land between Karamana and Pravachamblam. A committee headed by health minister V S Sivakumar will determine the value of the land and buildings to be taken over within three months. The PWD secretary will be the committee convener while mayor and Trivandrum Development Authority chairman will be the members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059072", "title": "Kolkata parties with DJ Sumedh", "text": "DJ Sumedh set the floor on fire on a recent Saturday night at Underground, The HHI, with chartbusters and house music. Joining him on the console were resident DJs Varun and Vikrant.Cute couples, sexy singletons and gregarious gangs dropped by to have some fun. While PYT Sanjukta wowed us with her tattoo, Babla wore her wild, wild mood \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on her sleeve, er, dress! The festive season's on a roll and there's not better way to celebrate it than living it up at the party spot!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054597", "title": "Owner of northeast Delhi restaurant thrashed", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was a high drama at a restaurant in Seemapuri area in northeast Delhi when armed men barged inside it and began thrashing up the staff and owner, police said. Three people, including a Delhi Police head constable, were injured in the melee.Around 9pm on Wednesday, the accused identified as Dinesh Pehelwan, along with his associates, barged into Rasoi and began abusing the restaurant owner Harish Gupta (42). As the argument heated up, Pehelwan's associates started thrashing Gupta and the restaurant staff, toppling the furniture in the process. Head constable Brijesh heard the commotion and tried to intervene. However, one of the associate held him from behind and hit him with a blunt object. Two restaurant workers - Akhilesh Kumar and Satyendra Singh also sustained injuries. The victims were rushed to GTB hospital.Police said Gupta and Pehelwan had developed enmity when the latter had dined at Rasoi on October 22 with his associates. Pehelwan refused to pay the bill saying he was being overcharged. The matter was settled after Harish and Pehelwan reached a compromise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17056412", "title": "'274 ambulances will be introduced by 2013-14'", "text": "RANCHI: At a time when the state's health parameters look impressive - the latest 'Simple Registration Survey' shows infant mortality at 39 per 1,000 births as against the national figure of 44 - the rising discontent among doctors on contract, paramedics and temporary staff working for the National Rural Health Mission over regularization may throw a spanner in the health services. P Chandra, director-in-chief, health department, speaks to Ammi Kumari on several measures being taken.Q:Is the health department planning to start a new scheme?A:We have launched a new scheme for sahiyyas, where they can earn incentives to the tune of Rs 500-1,000 for family counselling. Also, we are working on measures to plug the gaps in the department's various programmes, one being the Janani Shishu Suraksha Karyakram, where mothers are provided free diet.What measures are being taken by the department to keep the system running and avoid strikes?On the issue of contractual doctors, talks are in the final stage. The Jharkhand Public Service Commission ( JPSC) will be the final authority in the recruitment process. The procedural work for paramedics' recruitment is on and will soon get Cabinet approval. We are also studying the situation of NRHM workers and hope to have a fast solution.There is shortage of medicines in the state despite generic drug stores been inaugurated more than two months ago. What action are you weighing?Yes, it has been found that 60 out of 150 general medicines are unavailable in the stores. We are at the mercy of the PSUs and have already brought the matter to their notice. They have assured that in a few days, they will supply the full stock.What about the plan to start 108 emergency ambulance services in the state?This service is running in 13 states, and here, it's in the pipeline. Once the Cabinet approves the proposal, services will start, and I hope it will happen within two months. There will be 274 ambulances, to be introduced in phases in 2013-14. The ambulances will have advanced life support system and a technician. The driver will also be trained like a paramedic staff to handle emergency. There will also be a control room in the call centre where doctors will be available 24x7.At Rajendra Institute of Medical Science (RIMS), discontent is brewing among doctors after non-practicing allowance (NPA) and dynamic assured career promotion (ACP) benefits were stopped. What is the government planning?The issue of NPA is in the process and the dynamic ACP for non-teaching staff will soon start after the Cabinet approval. Thereafter, the issue of teaching staff will be taken up.The food and drug laboratory, which became non-functional due to staff crunch, reopened recently. Can you assure its smooth running?A: This time there is no shortage of manpower and we have the analysts and the staff along with them so that such situation does not occur again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17054071", "title": "Explosives materials seized at hill", "text": "MADURAI: Police have seized explosive materials from atop the Tiruparankunram hillock in the outskirts of the city on Thursday night.Based on a tip off, the police along with personnel from the bomb detection and disposal squad rushed atop the hillock and found the explosives. The personnel found petrol bombs, ammonium nitrate, wires, batteries and detonators from a secluded spot. The BDDS personnel diffused the explosives immediately and brought them down.Police said that they have commenced inquiry into the source of the explosives, identity of the culprits who brought them and the intention behind possessing the explosives.Police said that the culprits had apparently using the hillock as a den to hide their weapons from where they were also making the petrol bombs. It was not clear how long they were using the hillock for the purpose or from where they procured the explosive materials.Police have started inquiring the local residents to zero in on people who frequented to the hill top.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055153", "title": "24 new 12-car rakes on Western Railway", "text": "MUMBAI: From today, there will be more room in suburban services as Western Railway (WR) has converted 24 nine-car services to 12-car. Now, there remain 50 nine-car services on WR. These too will be upgraded to 12-car before month-end.From today, WR's 95% services will be 12-car. Sharat Chandrayan, chief public relations officer, WR said, \" With this, the total number of 12-car services on WR has now gone up to 1,090 per day. The additional compartments in these many trains will create room to accommodate 35,000 commuters.\"In the last five years, there has been an 11% increase in WR's 12-car services, where as the rise in suburban passengers has been 11%.Chandrayan said, \"Over the last few years, we have increased the capacity in trains by 34% due to which the passenger density per coach has come down by 17%.\"Source said only three nine-car rakes now remain to be converted to 12-car on WR. A senior official said, \"We expect to complete the augmentation of these three rakes before month-end. After that, WR services will either be 12-car or 15-car.\"WR runs 14 fifteen-car services between Churchgate and Virar. The official said, \"These services halt at all stations between Borivli and Virar after a halt as provided at Naigaon station last week. We plan to complete platform extension at Mumbai Central before month-end so that the train halts at at least one station (Mumbai Central) between Dadar and Churchgate.\"As of now, because of inadequate platform length, fifteen-car services do not halt between Churchgate and Dadar. Central Railways run 803 services on the Main line, of which 16 are fifteen-car services.No. of 12-car services on WR: 1,090No. of 9-car services on WR: 50No. of 15-car services on WR: 14", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17055241", "title": "Woman flees with day-old baby, nabbed in seven hours", "text": "THANE: The Mumbra police traced a day-old baby boy, who was kidnapped on Thursday around 12.30pm, in seven hours.Sub-inspector Laxman Rathod found the kidnapper, Preeti Patil, at her Diva residence with the kidnapped new-born.On Thursday, Patil managed to enter Balaji Hospital in Diva and befriended Tukaram Patil (45) and his wife (25), who had delivered the baby on Wednesday. Patil told the Pawars that she was expecting her second child and could guide them on baby-care and other issues.\"She advised the Pawars to take the newborn to Dombivli for vaccination as facilities in Diva were not good enough,\" Rathod said. Patil offered to take the the parents and the newborn to the right doctor. After the couple went to their Diva home, Pawar and Patil decided to go to a Dombivli doctor with the newborn. Patil's wife stayed back as she has been advised bed rest. \"When the two were about to board a local for Dombivli, Patil asked Pawar give the baby to her as she would sit in a ladies compartment. Pawar handed over the baby to her. However, when he got down at Dombivli, Patil and the newborn were nowhere to be seen,\" said Rathod.After he couldn't find them, Patil took a train back to Diva and alighted at Kopar. People said they had seen a lady with a baby. Patil then filed a complaint. Cops inquired at Balaji hospital and found that Patil had worked there for three days in January but left when asked for documents. \"We got her phone number, which was switched off. Later, the mobile was switched on and we traced Patil to Diva,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056261", "title": "Two clerks with food &amp; civil supplies department held", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, on Wednesday night arrested two clerks from the food and civil supplies department for accepting Rs 60,000 as bribe from the owner of a ration shop in Shivajinagar.Amitosh Ramchandra Patki (36) of Phulenagar and Ambadas Devram Chavan (43) of Sant Tukaramnagar, Pimpri, were arrested following the complaint filed by Pramod Solanki (27) of Patil Estate Shivajinagar.According to assistant police commissioner (ACB) Rajendra Galande, the complainant's sister Santoshi Solanki ran a ration shop. During an inspection conducted by the food and civil supply department, it was found that the quantity of foodgrains in her ration shop were lesser than what the records showed. \"Based on complaints of irregularities, the officials cancelled Santoshi's licence,\" Galande said.Santoshi then filed an appeal at Mantralaya seeking to nullify the order of cancellation of her licence. On October 18, the Mantralaya issued orders in favour of Santoshi.\"When she approached the food and civil supplies department in Pune to get an order to reopen the shop, Patki demanded Rs 2 lakh from her,\" Galande said.Chavan demanded Rs 10,000 from Santoshi in return for help to get the order. \"Later, the two told Santoshi that she would get the licence only after paying Rs 50,000 to Patki and Rs 10,000 to Chavan,\" Galande said.Santoshi's brother then approached the ACB and filed the complaint on October 29. \"We laid a trap and arrested Patki and Chavan while they were accepting Rs 60,000 from Pramod,\" he said.After the arrests, the ACB officers searched the residences of Chavan and Patki. \"We have recovered Rs 15.61 lakh cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 10.69 lakh from Chavan's house. We have also found that Chavan owns a four-storey building worth 40 lakh at Sant Tukaramnagar,\" Galande said. The police have recovered items worth Rs 65,000 from Patki's house.Patki and Chavan have been remanded in police custody till November 3.The investigating team comprised assistant police commissioner B M Kale, inspectors Prakash Shinde, Kanchan Jadhav, constables Mohan Jadhav, Sitaram Dhavade and Vijay Mali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056239", "title": "Burglary attempt in bank on Fergusson College Road", "text": "PUNE: A burglary attempt was made at the Fergusson College Road branch of Central Bank of India in the early hours of Wednesday. The attempt failed after the siren connected to the safe went off.Security guards and people around got alerted and the police too reached the spot.Police sub-inspector U S Yadav of the Deccan Gymkhana police station said that the incident took place between 12.30 am and 1 am on Wednesday. \"The suspects had entered the bank after removing some tiles on the roof and lowering themselves inside with the help of a rope,\" he said.Yadav said that as soon as they touched the safe inside the bank, the siren went off. The security guards on the premises of the college and the residents got alerted. \"Police also reached the spot within two minutes,\" Yadav said.Yadav said that before they could reach the bank, the suspects had managed to escape. \"We are suspecting the involvement of a known person as the person knew where the safe was kept,\" he said.The police have launched a search operation to trace the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17056109", "title": "Convene session of Vidhan Sabha session, demands BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Alleging rapid deterioration in the law and order situation in Uttar Pradesh, the Bharatiya Janata Party on Thursday urged the state government to convene an immediate session of the assembly. \"The state government is not paying any attention to problems like deteriorating law and order, acute power crisis, development works and hike in cane prices,\" Satish Mahana, deputy leader of the BJP legislative party in UP Vidhan Sabha said in a statement issued here.He added that in such circumstances the government should immediately convene a session of the house, so that a detailed discussion could be held on the current situation. Mahana claimed that chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had promised to convene the house every two months.Meanwhile, state BJP president Laxmikant Bajpayi alleged that the recent clashes in the state were due to the appeasement policy of the state government and the mentality of the police to work like activists of the Samajwadi Party . Bajpai claimed that within seven months of the government's formation, 11 clashes had taken place in nine districts.He said that transfers and suspensions were carried out in the name of taking action, but administrative firmness was not evident. \"Only FIRs have been lodged, but no action has been taken on them,\" Bajpayi alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056275", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBurdening people\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LUDHIANA: The hike of ` 26.5 in the price of non-subsidized cylinders throughout the country has unsettled the kitchens in city homes.Curbing the availability of something as basic as LPG has invited the ire of middle class.\"LPG is used for cooking and so, it is a necessary commodity for every home. This hike will certainly put extra financial burden as people continue to struggle with the rising inflation,\" said Nitti Gaba, a software engineer from BRS Nagar.Dugri Phase II resident and a homemaker Shikha Pahwa said the authorities are breaking the back of the common class by repeatedly hiking the price of LPG. \"Every increase affects my budget as our requirement is not met with the subsidized numbers. Burdening people with taxes is not the way to govern,\" she says.A Gill Road-based LPG dealer says, \"The price of subsidized LPG cylinders has not changed from Rs 429.50, but we expect a change in the price of non-subsidized LPG cylinder every now and then.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056271", "title": "Amanpreet gets loads of surprises on birthday", "text": "LUDHIANA: A new cellphone, a pair of gold earrings, some cash pouring in and a surprise party thrown at her favourite hangout ensured Amanpreet Kaur turned 20 with a huge smile on her face on Monday.The Gill Road resident spent the most of her birthday shopping and partying with her best friends.\"This has been one of the most amazing birthdays as I could spend my entire day with friends, my parents gifted me a pair of gold earrings and my brother bought me a brand new phone. It turned out to be a perfect day for me,\" said Amanpreet.While the birthday girl started her day on an auspicious note by seeking the blessings of the almighty and her parents, she later went out with her gang of 20 girls, who arranged a surprise party at her favourite food joint in Ferozepur Road market. The friends had a bash with electric music, lip-smacking snacks and mocktails, before the cake was cut.Her best friend, who planned the birthday surprise, Shweta Arora, 19, of Dugri said, \"We had been planning her birthday party for more than a month and we are glad we could bring smiles on her face throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17059093", "title": "Times of India Literary Carnival from December 7 to 9", "text": "MUMBAI: The first edition of the Times of India literary festival which was held last December was a runaway success, with over 9,000 visitors thronging Mehboob's magical indoor and outdoor spaces over the three-day duration. It is a hard act to follow, but already the line-up of international and Indian panellists is even more stellar than last year's. Once again, this unique festival has been designed to bring literature out of the remote ivory tower and make it dovetail into the eclectic passions of Mumbai. This is what makes the event a one-of-a-kind city literary festival. Since money has always been Mumbai's compulsive obsessive drive, the core theme of the 2012 literary carnival is 'The City, Greed &amp; the Pursuit of Happiness'.Several panels will be structured around this propulsion, featuring writers of the stature of financial visionary Ruchir Sharma, Suketu 'Maximum City' Mehta, the interpreter of poverty, Abhijit Banerjee, Swaminathan Aiyar, the Pulitzer Prize-winning Katherine Boo, whose Behind the Beautiful Forevers laid bare the 'life, death and hope' in a Mumbai undercity like no other writer has managed, and noted occupants of the plush corner office. The panel discussions on cities as a crucible of complex and compromised life go well beyond Mumbai.Today, in any global metro especially with an emerging economy 'greed is good' has become the overriding mantra -- and the most deadly sin. The current Moscow scenario, where the mafia has far outgunned our own Dons, will be presented by AD Miller of the Economist whose captivating novel 'Snowdrops' unravels crime and sex in the Russian capital. It was long-listed for the Booker. A top-notch businessman and a management guru will engage writers who use mythology in its modern avatar as management bible. For example, the Mahabharat will emerge as a treatise on business practice and ethics by the likes of Gurcharan Das and Devdutt Pattanaik.Senior bureaucrat and novelist Amitabha Bagchi is another bestseller on our list; he is the author of ' The Householder', which explores how greed and corruption afflicts a single family irreversibly. The city as Dark Knight will rise in panels featuring such acclaimed writers as Jeet Thayil, whose 'Narcopolis' baring the drug life of the '70s in Mumbai's dodgy alleys such as Shuklaji Street, has been long-listed for the Booker; Rana Dasgupta, whose flawed Muse is Delhi; and Jerry Pinto, whose finely nuanced exploration of the convoluted mind of a manic mother can as well be extended to the inescapable schizophrenia that consumes every city. Since Bollywood also defines Mumbai, films are an important segment of our festival's USP. Again, these panels covering direction, scriptwriting, lyrics, will examine the central concept of hydra-headed money. Architecture is a concrete manifestation of this hunger for money, so among our most challenging panels will be 'Skyline'.It will examine how the city's visual landscape reflects and shapes its primeval drives. In keeping with the eclectic nature of our festival, this panel will feature authors, painters and photographers in addition to the obvious presence of architects. Aspiration, greed's more respectable cousin, is reflected in the city's other obsessions, fashion, food and music. Food, for example, features such celebrity panellists as Chefs Vikas Khanna and Vineet Bhatia, along with television's popular Rocky Singh and curry queen Camelia Panjabi. In the field of fashion, we hope to get the legendary editor of Vogue Italy, along with our very own fashion gurus who have stitched together their own tales in dazzling books, including Wendell Rodricks and Tarun Tahilaini. Shefalee Vasudev, author of the acclaimed The Powder Room, will moderate it.Among the other multiple attractions will be:*Booker Prize winner Kiran Desai along with her mother Anita Desai.*A screening of a big-ticket book-based film.*In a global first, Sunil Khilnani, the internationally acclaimed conceptualizer of 'The Idea of India' will appear in a public discussion with his Pulitzer Prize-winning wife, Katherine Boo.*Two writers who have brought alive the world of Pakistan - Aatish Taseer through his personal narrative which goes into the life of his assassinated father Salman Taseer and Daniyal Muenuddin whose acclaimed collection of short stories brings alive modern-day feudal life in the beleaguered nation.*This year's Orange Prize winner, Madeline Miller has chosen the TOI Literary Carnival as her first appearance in India where she will speak about her modern reinterpretation of a Greek myth.*Leila Seth on Bringing Up Vikram.High octane performances by Pakistan's best qawwali master, Fareed Ayaz and our own Usha Uthup .How can a litfest possibly be complete without the bestselling historian-writer William Dalrymple , who will launch his latest book, a riveting account set in Afghanistan. He will be in conversation with the Oscar-winning documentary film-maker Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy who has chronicled 'Children of the Taliban' and whose most recent film 'Saving Face' won an Oscar this year. There will be numerous book launches, workshops, hang-out zones and other activities highlighted by the magic of Mehboob's outdoor spaces.And a whole segment for children and young adults.This is just for starters. Much more will make its way to this stimulating marquee. Come, share in the bigger, better, sharper second edition of The Times Literary Carnival, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17056106", "title": "Two booked for cheating", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two persons have been booked for swindling the Bank of Maharashtra of Rs 27 lakh by taking loans based on false documents. Police sources said the accused, Sandeep Sharma, owner of Shubham Hospital in Panchkula and Geeta Ram Thakur, a secretary rank officer in Zirakpur, took two loans. One was a Rs 7 lakh loan taken in 2006 and the other was a Rs 20 lakh loan.Police said Sandeep Sharma had been booked in several cases of fraud and cheating in 2010 and 2011. Sharma is on the run and has been declared a Proclaimed Offender. The other accused, Geeta Ram Thakur, will be summoned to join investigations. The case was registered at the Sector 17 police station on the complaint of S.K. Kurup, chief manager with the Bank of Maharashtra. The Economic Offences Wing of the police is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056154", "title": "Congress MLA Bagwe opposes changes in DP reservations", "text": "PUNE: Former minister of state and Congress MLA Ramesh Bagwe said on Thursday that reservations in the Development Plan (DP) for old city areas were vacated to benefit real estate players.Speaking to the media on Thursday, Bagwe said, \"I am going to take this matter with the chief minister and demand that cancellation and shifting of reservations should be considered invalid.\"Bagwe expressed unhappiness with the functioning of the city Congress. \"The city party unit had not taken corporators and leaders into confidence before supporting the changes in the DP. The City Improvement Committee approved the DP and Congress supported the NCP. However, we were not informed about it. Earlier, all matters were discussed within the party first and decisions were taken unanimously. Now this process has unfortunately stopped,\" he said.Reservation of hill tops and hill slopes in Bibvewadi were vacated by the CIC. This was done for developers who have already constructed buildings in the locality. Many other reservations like in Mundhwa were vacated for similar reasons, said Bagwe.Earlier, party MLC Mohan Joshi had opposed the DP alleging that elected representatives were not taken into confidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055574", "title": "2 held for theft on Miramar bus", "text": "PANAJI: Two persons have been arrested in connection with a theft that took place on a Panaji-Miramar bus. The complainant, Kanan Sangeeta of Maimolem, Vasco da Gama, told police that she was travelling on the bus between 9am and 10am, when unknown persons stole her brown color purse made of velvet containing cash of 2,000, and an ATM card of Bank of Baroda .During the course of investigation, police arrested Anthony Kenaudekar of Indira Nagar, Chimbel, and Atul Shambu Kavlekar, resident near the Socorro panchayat, on the Porvorim plateau. The case has been registered under Section 379 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17056792", "title": "Hours before he died, sailor called mom", "text": "CHENNAI: Vijayalakshmi and Mohandoss had been waiting for November to see their son who set sail on a merchant ship in May. But policemen brought his body to the elderly couple on Thursday.Anand Mohandoss, 31, who died while attempting to save himself after MT Pratibha Cauvery ran aground off Elliot's Beach, was the only breadwinner of the family. He was the second engineer on the oil tanker. Hours before his death, he had called his mother to say that he was being rescued from the stricken vessel and would be home on Thursday.Mohandoss said no one, not even the company that their son worked for, bothered to inform the couple about the plight of his son. They did not know about their son's death till they saw the news flashed on a television channel. \"My son called me saying that there was no food or power aboard the ship. He said he could not even use his mobile phone,\" said an inconsolable Vijayalakshmi. \"He said he saw a large searchlight on the shore which he believed belonged to a rescue team.\"Sea World Shipping Ltd, the owner of the ship, was supposed to send the sailor home on September 17, according to the contract, she said. But the company reneged on its commitment. \"The crew were not paid for several months and had little food to eat on the ship,\" she said.\"We were looking for a bride for Anand. We wanted to arrange for his wedding this year,\" his brother Shankara Narayanan said. \"We bought new clothes for him for Diwali and were looking forward to the festival.\"The family received a sum of Rs 2.75 lakh as salary a couple of months ago after which the agency that took him on contract stopped paying the sailors their wages. \"The sailors were languishing aboard the ship,\" Mohandoss said. \"I have diabetes and depended on my son to meet my medical expenses,\" he said. \"He took a course in Kolkata and passed the exam to be promoted as second engineer.\"Anand also called his uncle , a customs department official, four days ago and said he was starving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17056888", "title": "Junk food causing girls to hit puberty at 6", "text": "LONDON: The onset of puberty has fallen by more than five years in girls and experts believe junk food is to be blamed for this 'ticking timebomb'.Some girls are only six or seven when they have to cope with their first period and a recent US study has found that boys are also hitting physical maturity up to two years earlier than in the past, The Sun reported.Scientists have also found that the average age for the onset of puberty in girls in 1860 was 16.6 years.By 1920 it was 14.6, in 1950, 13.1, in 1980, 12.5 and in 2010 it had dropped to 10.5.Experts fear this could lead to an increase in young girls getting pregnant.Puberty is the process of body changes from the first signs of adolescence to full adult development. It is brought about by a series of chemical signals, which are sent from the brain to the pituitary gland, then from the pituitary to the sex glandsThese in turn make the sex hormones \u00e2\u20ac\u201d oestrogen in girls and testosterone in boys, which cause the physical changes of puberty.Marcia Herman-Giddens, from the University of North Carolina claims obesity may well to be blame as it alters the body's hormones \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with some starting to show the first signs of maturity at the young age of six.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17058054", "title": "Wipro Q2 profit rises 24% to Rs 1,610.6 crore, beats estimates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wipro on Friday reported a jump of 23.8 per cent in consolidated net profit to Rs 1,610.6 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.Last year, the software major had posted a net profit of Rs 1,300.9 crore in the second quarter, as per international accounting standards.Total income from operations during the reporting quarter stood at 10,620.3, against Rs 9,064.5 crore in the July- September period of last fiscal, an increase of 17.16 per cent.\"We have chartered a new course for Wipro by demerging our diversified Non IT businesses. I am confident that the demerger will enhance value for all our stakeholders and provide fresh momentum for growth for each of our businesses,\" Wipro chairman Azim Premji said in a statement.Wipro on Thursday had said it will demerge its non-IT businesses like Consumer Care &amp; Lighting into a new company, a move which will allow it to focus exclusively on information technology.The new unlisted firm will be called Wipro Enterprises and include Wipro Consumer Care &amp; Lighting (including furniture business), Wipro Infrastructure Engineering (hydraulics and water businesses) and Medical Diagnostic Product &amp; Services business.Revenues from IT services during the reported quarter stood at USD 1,541 million, a sequential increase of 1.7 per cent and year-on-year increase of 4.6 per cent.\"We expect revenues from our IT Services business to be in the range of USD 1,560-USD 1,590 million for the quarter ending December 31, 2012,\" Wipro said.The IT services division hired 2,017 people in the second quarter, taking the total head-count to 1,40,569 employees as of September 30, 2012.\"Our focus on driving significant operational improvements has helped us predominantly mitigate the incremental impact of wage increases and currency volatility,\" Wipro executive director and chief financial officer Suresh Senapaty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054702", "title": "Government Resolution behind delay in filling up vacant posts: Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: Almost ten months after issuing an advertisement for filing up its 145 teaching posts, the Nagpur University is still awaiting a green signal from the Maharashtra government. NU officials blame the department of higher and technical education for creating confusion on filling up of these seats, which have been lying vacant since long, thus severely affecting the functioning of the university.Citing Sections 76(1) and 76(2) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, NU officials informed that directors of higher and technical education should be part of the selection panel for conducting interviews of these candidates. However, same Sections stated that if the University Grants Commission (UGC) comes out with its own criteria of selection panel then it will supersede the one fixed by the government. On February 15 last year, UGC came out with new set of rules for the selection panel, excluding directors of higher and technical education from the list.Accordingly, NU issued an advertisement for various teaching posts lying vacant in LIT and its departments and received hundreds of applications. However, a Government Resolution (GR) issued on June 30 made it mandatory to include director of higher education in the panel. This put all the universities in a quandary whether to adhere to UGC guidelines or follow the GR.NU Senate member Mohan Bajpayee, also a lawyer, accused the state government of violating the Maharashtra University Act. \"How can the government change the rules in the Act by just issuing a GR? It has to first bring another enactment or make amendments in the Act with the consent of majority of legislative assembly members,\" he informed.Sources said minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope had justified the government's move of including director of higher education in the selection panel as the latter was responsible for granting salaries of lecturers. Bajpayee demanded an early solution to end the impasse for the sake of innocent students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17054273", "title": "Panel to identify reasons for delay in overbridge construction", "text": "KANPUR: Union road transport and national highway ministry had constituted a four-member committee to pin-point the reasons for delay in construction of railway overbridge at COD crossing.Road transport minister CP Joshi had also asked the committee to inspect the COD bridge under construction and give suggestions for speedy execution of the project. Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal met Joshi a few days back and discussed the issue with him.The road transport and national highway ministry had released Rs 25 crore to UP Public Works Department. The PWD had given contract to M/s Vishwa Infrastructure &amp; Services Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad to construct the railway overbridge. The firm left the job after executing 30 per cent of work. As a result, the progress of the project was almost closed.Jaiswal had also expressed disappointment over the delay in four-lane road between Rama Devi and Jajmau bridge .The national highway authority had to construct around 5 kilometres of road on National highway number 25. Reason behind the delay is stated to be the increased cost of construction. M/s Gamon India Ltd had been asked to construct the road but the construction company had stopped working due to increased cost. The company had asked to enhance the allocated funds.Joshi had asked the president of National highway Authority to complete the two projects by June 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17055481", "title": "Anti-begging campaign rolls out", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to take the city towards a world class one and to get rid of the begging menace, the district administration began a unique drive against beggars from Thursday.Not only has it appealed to people not to give alms but has also initiated moves for rehabilitation of beggars. On the first day of anti-begging campaign, the districts administration identified 16 beggars and sent them for rehabilitation after handing them over to child welfare committee.However, most beggars preferred to remain inside their houses and they did not turn out in the same number which they normally appear at important crossroads of the city for begging. Traffic signals, that on all days are full of beggars, were bereft of them on Thursday.The teams constituted by the district administration for anti-begging campaign in coordination with social justice and empowerment department, traffic police and various NGOs, displayed placards on traffic signals asking people not to give alms.Among the 16 beggars who were rehabilitated, three were girls in the age group of 5 years to 15 years. District collector T Ravikant said, \"All the beggars which are sent for rehabilitation belongs to age group of 5 years to 15 years. Among them, 13 were boys and 3 were girls.\"He said that 11 children were sent to Sethi Colony's children's home after presenting them before child welfare committee. Two girls and two boys were sent to an NGO's open shelter home and one girl was sent to Jan Kalyan Sahitya Manch's children's home at New Sanganer Road for their rehabilitation.Teams of district administration were deployed at five important crossroads including JDA Circle, OTS Crossroad, Ajmeri Gate, Badi Chauper and Rambagh Circle for three hours in the morning and three hours in the evening. The teams comprised SDMs and tehsildars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17056815", "title": "Beaches draw crowds day after cyclone Nilam", "text": "Less than 24 hours after cyclone Nilam lost steam, the city's beaches continued to be packed. The biggest crowd on Thursday was at Pattinapakkam where the oil tanker Pratibha Cauvery had drifted since running aground off Besant Nagar the previous day.As news of a helicopter coming to rescue members aboard the tanker spread , the crowd grew restless. Rescue services personnel and police were beseeching people to stay away. Children from Dooming Kuppam tried swimming to the ship to touch it. \"We can see the ladder hanging out,\" screamed one child. Parents hoisted children on to shoulders, while others stopped to click pictures from cars and autos, unmindful of traffic behind them.On Wednesday, the beaches were more crowded as Chennaiites wanted to experience winds blowing at 70kmph. At 3.30pm, Elliot's Beach, where the Pratibha Cauvery beached, was packed. As the crowd caught sight of the black vessel, more than 60m long, the phrase, \"Oh my God! Look at that ship,\" rang out in languages ranging from Tamil to Tibetan.Many got out their cameras as the crew climbed down a ladder into a lifeboat. Several women were praying. \"Oh God, please help those men,\" said Kamala Shreedevi of Besant Avenue. When the lifeboat capsized , \"Ooohs\" and \"Aiyos\" were heard above the roar of the wind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17053916", "title": "Anganwadi children served worms with sweet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An anganwadi run by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) faced public ire on Thursday after children found worms in the food served to them. Angry parents took up the issue with the civic authorities who assured them of appropriate action.The incident took place in the anganwadi at Mahavirnagar ward in Hatkeshwar. Eye-witnesses said many children found worms crawling in the sheera, a sweet delicacy made at the school premises.They showed it to their parents who had come to pick them up. Many students had even eaten the food.Harshad Patel, a social worker from Amraiwadi, said that the parents called upon school coordinators and civic authorities. \"The cook admitted that the worms got into the food because of the contaminated wheat flour,\" he said.AMC has suspended the contract of the food supplier to the anganwadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17055560", "title": "Schemes aplenty, but farmers yet to reap benefits", "text": "MAPUSA: The government may have introduced schemes like fencing, machinery, irrigation etc, to boost agriculture in the state, but farmers are yet to reap in the benefits.They complain that they are either unaware of these schemes or notifications with respect to the schemes haven't been issued by the directorate of agriculture for the year 2012-13 yet. While the farmers that are aware of these schemes continue applying for them, their applications cannot be processed by the department as the circular describing the pattern of assistance is still awaited.Speaking to TOI, director of agriculture Satish Tendulkar defended the delay in the notification to the \"department trying to modify the schemes to give more subsidies to the farmers\". \"The schemes have been already notified, the department is trying to notify the modifications now. Farmers can continue applying for the schemes,\" director of agriculture Satish Tendulkar said.Stating that the department is trying to modify the schemes in the \"interest of the farmers\", Tendulkar said, \"A modification to the schemes via a circular will be issued within eight days.\"The farmers have also stressed on the need to strengthen field staff like the agriculture extension officer to give an impetus to agricultural development in the state.Farmers, do, however, have one good reason to cheer. The department of agriculture has urged farmers to apply for various crop damages under a new scheme called 'Shetkari Adhar Nidhi'. In the event of crops being damaged because of wild animals, fire etc, farmers had to initially approach the mamlatdar and the forest department under the Natural Calamity Relief Fund which took a long time to be processed due to the mamlatdar's busy schedule. The 'Shetkari Adhar Nidhi' scheme will cover all kinds of damage to crops and the applications will be processed under a single window.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054015", "title": "Oil minister drills holes into Kejriwal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after India Against Corruption (IAC) charged the government with selling out to Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) on the company's KG-D6 gas field off the Andhra coast, the oil ministry on Thursday hit back by describing the allegations as \"baseless and frivolous\".In a point-wise rebuttal to IAC charges, a ministry statement \u00e2\u20ac\u201d issued after former oil minister Mani Shankar Aiyar met incumbent Veerappa Moily for over an hour \u00e2\u20ac\u201d said all decisions were taken \"objectively without fear or favour\" and that it had way back in 2010 rejected RIL's demand for a revision in gas price. On Wednesday, IAC had alleged that Aiyar was removed to pave way for a more pliable Murli Deora who would allow RIL to raise the field's capital expenditure plan.On IAC's charge that the gas field was given to RIL in a \"sweetheart deal\", the ministry said the block was given out through an open and transparent international competitive bidding process under the New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) approved by the government in 1997 and implemented by the BJP-led NDA government in 1999.\"The contract under NELP was modeled after Production Sharing Contracts (PSC) prevalent in other developing countries. Commonwealth Secretariat provided consultancy during the design of the PSC document... The contract is a generic template and not specific to RIL.\"Rejecting IAC allegations that S Jaipal Reddy was removed from the ministry to facilitate RIL getting a higher price for gas, the statement said a price revision before the due date of April 1, 2014, was rejected in 2010 itself. It also made public the chronology of events and meetings for setting the $4.2 per unit price for the KG-D6 gas to show that there was no scope for a premature revision.RIL, the statement said, had in September, 2010, represented that they had been approached by consumers offering to buy KG-D6 gas at higher than the government fixed rate. \"This was replied to on October 21, 2010, when Murli Deora was the petroleum minister, that EGoM has approved the price for five years from the date of commencement of supply and RIL was instructed to comply with the price.\"On hike in capital expenditure from $2.4 billion to $8.8 billion for the block, the ministry said its stand has been consistently to \"protect the government's revenue by proper and regular monitoring of the expenditure and production\".The ministry said the fall in output from 67 mcmd (million cubic metres per day) peak achieved in 2009-10 to 20.5 mcmd now instead of going to the targeted 81 mcmd, has been punished by disallowing \"proportionate cost recovery\" of over $1 billion.\"The impact of capex and low production is on revenue sharing which is dependent on the ratio of revenue and the expenditure,\" the statement said. The ministry said the government had \"fought vigorously\" in the Supreme Court defending its rights over the natural resources in the battle between RIL and Anil Ambani-run Reliance Natural Resources Ltd.On postponement of an Entry Conference called by CAG to begin the second round of audit of KG-D6 spending, the ministry said, \"The meeting was called at official level to discuss the procedural issues of audit by CAG and due to certain administrative inconvenience it was postponed on October 26 itself (well before the Cabinet reshuffle). The postponement of the meeting will in no way affect either the procedure or the content of the audit by CAG of these blocks,\" it said.\"RIL has raised certain apprehensions regarding this audit and expressed their desire to discuss the issue further. The issues are likely to be finalized in the next few weeks,\" the statement said, adding that audit of oil and gas blocks was entrusted to CAG in 2007 itself and not during 2011-12.The ministry said the audit of certain oil and natural gas blocks was entrusted to CAG in 2007 when Deora was the oil minister.In November 2007, CAG was requested to conduct for special audit of production sharing contracts for eight blocks from where revenue is generated. CAG agreed to audit five blocks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Panna-Mukta, Tapti, KG-D6, Hazira and PY-3.\"CAG initiated audit of four blocks including KG-DWN-98/3 for financial year 2006-07 and 2007-08. CAG submitted its report in August 2011, which is under examination by Public Account Committee,\" it said, adding the top auditor has indicated that they will audit this block in future also.In May, it was decided that CAG would undertake audit of KG-DWN-98/3 for 2008-09 to 2011-12. Accordingly, RIL was informed about the audit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17056028", "title": "Oath in Guru\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s name unconstitutional: SC", "text": "KOCHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday raised a poser on the practice among elected representatives to take oath in the name of godmen.The division bench comprising justices R M Lodha and Anil R Dave was considering an appeal filed by JSS leader Umesh Challiyil challenging Kerala high court's ruling against swearing in the name of Sree Narayana Guru.Umesh's counsel argued that Guru is a god for him and he should be allowed to swear in Guru's name as Constitution allows swearing in the name of god or solemn affirmation. Responding to this, the court queried whether Guru is a god. Pointing out that the Jharkhand HC had ruled in favour of swearing in the name of different gods, the apex court pointed out that two differing views are existent on the issue.The ruling by Jharkhand HC was upheld by the apex court later on. Therefore, it's a constitutional debate and it should be interpreted as such, the SC observed.The Kerala HC's order against Umesh in March 2003 had resulted in a tug of war between the judiciary and legislature. A division bench of the high court consisting of chief justice JL Gupta and justice R Basant had ordered Umesh, who was elected from Kodungallur constituency, to swear in again. Umesh's swearing in the name of Guru is unconstitutional, the court had held.The court had also observed in the judgment that if variations are allowed, there would be no end to it and that there would be countless versions of God. The Constitution doesn't permit an elected representative to vary from the prescribed form of oath.The Upanishads proclaim the principle of \"Tatvamasi\" and \"Aham Brahmasmi\". The concept of Brahaman is not a religious doctrine; it is not even a philosophy. It on the other hand, aids in one's search for the ultimate truth. It also connotes and intakes self-realisation.As said by Ramana Maharshi, the ultimate question which a seeker has to ask is \"who am I?\" Science or technology or epistemology does not help one answer this simple but the most fundamental question. The outwardness of the mind or the intellect does not help us to get an answer to this question. In essence, Brahman, the self and the Guru are one and the same.Viewed so, Brahman manifests in each person. Therefore, every man carries godly traits. It follows that the Guru also is God. When Umesh Challiyil takes oath in the name of the Guru, he is spiritually right; and when the Supreme Court disapproves it, the Supreme Court is spiritually wrong.But the Supreme Court is legally and constitutionally correct. The earlier decision delivered in the Umesh Challiyil case by the Kerala High Court was rightly approved by the Apex Court. The provision regarding oath is embodied in Article 188 of the Constitution. It reads: \"Oath or affirmation by members: every member of the legislative assembly or the legislative council of a state shall, before taking his seat, make and subscribe before the Governor, or some person appointed on his behalf by him, an oath or affirmation according to the form set out for the purpose in the Third Schedule.\"The form in the third schedule does not contain the names of any Guru or saint whomsoever. When the Constitution prescribes a particular mode of oath taking, it cannot be altered or distorted in any manner. Taking oath is not a mere formality; it is a sacrosanct act as held by the division bench of the Kerala high court in G. Raman Nair's case. [2008 (2) KLT 416]. One cannot take oath with respect to a constitutional, legislative or statutory post according to his whims and fancies. If persons are permitted to do so, the direct result would be lawlessness, if not anarchy. Even otherwise, a politician who subscribes to the constitutional ethos and undergoes the electoral process in a working democracy has a duty to abide by the mandates of the laws of the land. Obviously, the Constitution is the law of the laws which binds each and every citizen or politician, for that matter.I think Umesh was ill-advised when he decided to take oath by doing violence to Article 188. I may also say that the episode underlines the requirement for 'constitutionalisation' of our polity. and constitutional education for our politicians. The judgment of the Supreme Court conveys this plain and significant message. To sum up, in the instant judgment, the Supreme Court is constitutionally correct though not spiritually or philosophically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17056222", "title": "Sachin, Zaheer pad up for Mumbai, aim at England", "text": "MUMBAI: In search of that right length to bowl to the left-handed Alastair Cook , in trying to get that timing right off James Anderson and Graeme Swann , in an effort to stay in form for the opener's slot if Sehwag or Gambhir don't come through, in trying to sneak into the middle-order, some of India's prominent players and benchwarmers will pad up for Mumbai in the Ranji opener against Railways, at the Wankhede Stadium here, from Friday.The upcoming Test series against England, starting mid-November, will clearly be on the top of the minds of seniors Zaheer Khan and Sachin Tendulkar , and youngsters Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma , as they gear up for this Ranji game -- either to warmup for the series, or raise their hands for selection.Tendulkar last played a Ranji match three years ago, in the 2008-09 season, and his presence should add a lot of spice to the contest. Zaheer did play two Ranji games last season, but given the recent lack of sting in his spells, his bowling too will be watched closely.Trust the visiting England squad to follow this game with a lot of interest. An in-form Tendulkar in home conditions, and a fully-fit Zaheer's opening spell could be very dangerous for any opposition to deal with. In fact, if Zaheer can get his zing back, he alone should stand tall between Team India and Cook's form.Among the younger lot, Rahane remains the front-runner to be named the third opener in case Virender Sehwag or Gautam Gambhir fall short on form or fitness, as has been the case for some time now. Sharma is clearly out of contention in the given scenario, considering that Cheteshwar Pujara , Virat Kohli and either Yuvraj Singh or Suresh Raina pack the middle-order . Yet, to make any changes to a growing view that his form has been seriously dwindling, Sharma will have to make the most of every opportunity coming his way, beginning from now. \"I really want a Test cap. I have always worked towards that and will continue to do so. I focus on the things I can do,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054861", "title": "10 FIRs for loud music", "text": "MUMBAI: The Goregaon to Dahisar stretch saw only 10 FIRs being registered for playing loud music beyond permissible decibel levels. Some of the biggest mandals known for their dandiya events, which draw nearly a lakh people everyday, are based in these parts of the suburbs.The maximum offences were registered at Borivli police station. Activists said merely lodging cases is not sufficient, pursuing them to the end and seizing equipment is just as important. Under the Environmental Protection Act 1986 and the Noise Pollution (Regulation and Control) Rules 2000, the maximum decibel level permitted in a residential area before 10pm is 55dB and after 10pm it is 45dB. In a silence zone, the maximum decibel level permitted before 10pm is 50dB and after 10pm it is 40dB.Four cases were lodged at the Borivali police station, two each at Malad and Bangur Nagar police stations and one each at Dahisar, Vanrai, Kasturba Marg and Dindoshi police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056219", "title": "Out with the smoke, young want green Diwali", "text": "LUDHIANA: Traditionally, Ludhiana erupts in a frenzy of sound and smoke every Diwali and over the years, decibel levels of crackers have come to be measured as an indication of family status. But all that could change, thanks to a generation concerned about the depleting greenery around.Youngsters in the bustling industrial city will try to persuade their elders to make it an eco-friendly Diwali. The youngsters are rather keyed up about the idea. Take 16-year-old Anudeep Kaur from Dugri for instance. She is busy making charts and designing pamphlets along with 5 friends. \"We will conduct drives and campaigns in and outside schools to make people aware of the pollution caused by crackers,\" an enthusiastic Anudeep said. The new catchphrase of the city's young, 'Say No Crackers,' has also appeared on social networking sites.Sarvesha Arya, a resident of Model Town, is using her social networking site to spread the message of a greener and safer Diwali. She has also requested friends and family to light diyas and candles instead of wasting electricity with decorative lighting.For those who argue that a day of bursting crackers would not have an impact on the environment, there are people like Yashasvi Aneja, a 15 year old youngster resident of Model Town and a member of the Environment Club of BCM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17056062", "title": "Costly designs don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t stop them", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In view of the rising demand for unique styles, the henna artists are game for experimentation.\"The demand for different and special designs is high and so, we are mixing various henna styles,\" says Naresh Kumar, a henna artist of Sector 22, Chandigarh.\"Arabic mehndi is the costliest, as it not only looks different but also consumes much time,\" says Rakesh Singh, a mehndi artist of Sector 19.The high price is hardly a dampener for women who want to settle for nothing but the best. \"Without henna, the festival of Karva Chauth is incomplete. It does not matter if we have to pay more for pretty imprints, as it is an important day in a married woman's life,\" says Mithali Singla, a resident of Sector 28.Geetanjali Sharma, a resident of Sector 40, says, \"Price does not matter when your only concern is to ensure a joyous celebration. I am quite excited as it is my first Karva Chauth. I paid the henna artist Rs 2,100 for both hands.\"And rates differed from one artist to another in the same market. \"All artists are charging different rates. It's the last day... they know they will get whatever amount they ask for,\" says Khwaish Kaur, a resident of Sector 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15212162", "title": "Girly things that men do but won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t admit doing", "text": "We've been raised into believing that men and women have specific traits - masculine and feminine, respectively, that define their gender roles. While men ought to represent strength and bravery, women are seen as somewhat weak and docile.Adhering to this enduring tradition are today's men who find it difficult to accept their 'feminine' side. One of the reasons why men don't reveal this side to people is because they consider it a weakness. Best selling author Durjoy Datta agrees, \"Absolutely! Guys have big egos. But then every male has a feminine side and every female has a masculine. It's nothing to be ashamed of.\"Times have changed. Pink is no longer coveted only by women and grooming salons have started coming up with exclusive packages for men. So today we probe into the 'girly' things that most men do but won't admit doing.Men cry and it's not unmanly to do so! Crying is an emotion; some choose to express it while some don't. But whoever thinks it's a womanly trait certainly deserves a dash of maturity in his/her outlook. \"I wouldn't say I cried but yes my eyes were moist when I found out about Rahul Dravid's decision to retire,\" says Amit Panhale who wouldn't mind giving up his corporate job to write about sports. Crying is associated by weakness, which is why most men are apprehensive about it. Marriage and relationship counsellor Dr Gitanjali Sharma adds, \"Men break down during counselling sessions and the funny thing is that they become conscious almost immediately. They apologize for crying and also ask me if it's normal for men to cry.\"Men watch chick-flicks, listen to Taylor Swift ! There's something about aggressive movies like Inglourious Basterds, Star Wars , Matrix, The Dark Knight series and more that appeals to almost all men. Hard-hitting genres that involve warfare, car crashes and assassinations, are an all time hit among them. Little did we know that they too take a break and sometimes indulge in feel-good mushy movies. Srinath, a Chennai based photographer says, \"I like watching romantic comedies. It makes me feel all nice and warm.\" In fact, Two Weeks Notice, Music &amp; Lyrics and Before Sunrise happen to be his favourites.Girly drinks don't make men girly The only two kinds of alcohol you're likely to find in a bachelor's refrigerator is either beer or scotch whiskey. A lime margarita with a cute paper umbrella tucked on the edge is certainly not their style. However, there are times when men like to keep it light and actually enjoy the colourful, syrupy drinks with almost negligible amount of alcohol content. \"Sessions of Jack Daniel's can happen anytime with friends. But when I go out with my girlfriend, I don't mind drinking wine coolers. It's my way of giving her company,\" says Anuj Sharma , senior manager with a digital ad agency.Grooms like grooming Men and their mannerisms have undergone a grooming, thanks to waxed chests, hot oil massages, manicures and pedicures, hair spas and more. Make up artist Simmi Ghai concurs, \"Men no more shy away from visiting the beauty salon. Sales of cosmetics like sunscreen lotions, fairness creams and hair conditioners have gone up over the years. Besides straight men who mostly come in for hygiene grooming, we have a lot of gay clients too who get their eyebrows done, fake eyelashes put etc.\"Shopping is therapeutic, irrespective of gender Retail therapy is a cure for mood swings and who better than women would relate to it. But it seems men love it too. US-based software engineer Kunaal Kapoor drops in to pick up something new every now and then. \"I don't think shopping is restricted only to women. I love to shop for myself - sunglasses, shoes, belts and of course clothes. It uplifts my spirits and saves me from sulking,\" he shares.Other girly things that men do - It's a common perception that men think about sex all the time but the truth is that they too love cuddling and extending the foreplay session like most women.- Who says only women gossip? Men gossip too! Try eavesdropping into an all boys' party and you'll hear some astonishing conversations from their world of gossip.- Nick names are no longer just a woman's thing. Men love calling their wives and girlfriends by cute, cuddly names, in private of course!arunima.mazumdar@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17055499", "title": "Squatters evicted in surprise raid", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) swooped down on the Jawahar Nagar bypass with a posse of policemen early on Thursday morning to remove encroachment from government land and make way for the tunnel on the Jaipur-Agra national highway .In a massive demolition drive, the civic body officials razed down illegally constructed houses to widen the bypass road to 200 feet to provide safe entry and exit to vehicles through the Ghat Ki Ghuni tunnel.\"Forty-four houses were pulled down. The drive was carried out peacefully and we will continue the work on Friday to clear the way,\" Deputy inspector general G L Sharma said. \"For maintaining law and order, 11 battalions, including a women battalion with senior police officials, were deputed on the spot,\" he said.The JDA started the demolition drive around 5.30 am and reached the spot with huge government machinery. According to the JDA officials, 15 earth-moving machines, 20 tractors and extra manpower were deployed to remove the illegal constructions.The affected house owners, however, alleged that the drive was carried out without prior information and they suffered heavy losses. Mohit Kundaliya, a house owner, said, \"We were not given time to shift our belongings. The electronic goods, including air conditioners, worth approximately Rs 4 lakh are been damaged.\"Local legislator, Ashok Parnami of the BJP, reached the spot and demanded that the residents be given additional time to shift their belongings. However, the JDA officials continued with the demolitions.Recently, the drive was hampered and the enforcement team had to return bare handed due to MLA's and residents' strong protest.JDA officials claimed notices were issued to the encroachers and sufficient time was provided to remove the expensive goods.The officials also said the encroachers will be rehabilitated and a policy is being drawn to settle the displaced. JDA secretary Bishnu Charan Mallick said, \"The authority has provided accommodation and food to the displaced. Also, Rs 3,000 per person in a family will be provided to rent a house.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054533", "title": "National Zoological Park unveils master plan for 'rain forest'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Zoological Park has grand plans for the future that promise to create a green lung for the city amid all the din and bustle over the next 20 years. The zoo has drawn up a new master plan and proposes to set up a new aviary that will not only house birds, but also amphibians and reptiles.\"This new space will give them a natural environment to live, and will be called a rain forest. It will be designed in such a way so that visitors can just walk in,\" said Amitabh Agnihotri, director, Delhi zoo. He was speaking at the 54th foundation day celebrations of the Delhi zoo, where the master plan was released.Based on the \"immersion concept\", the plan was unveiled by director general of forests P J Dilip Kumar; B S Bonal, chief of Central Zoo Authority; and ADG A K Bansal. While unveiling the plan, the director said the main focus would be to reduce artificial surroundings and increase the natural experience for the animal and the visitor. The master plan proposes a 65% increase in woodland, water bodies and maintained green areas and an elaborate visitors' centre among others. \"One of the things on our priority list is to work on the visitors' area to enhance the overall experience of the people. On crowded days, the visitors usually have a waiting period of at least 30 minutes before they get a ticket. So we plan to revamp the area to make it more interactive,\" said the director.He added, \"For this the revamped visitors' centre shall be equipped with an education centre that will hold awareness programmes on conservation for the public, an auditorium, food court, fine dining and a play area for kids.\" The new visiting area is slated to be operational before the next World Association of Zoos and Aquariums conference to be hosted by Central Zoo Authority and Delhi zoo in November, 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053760", "title": "Auto drivers make 40% more but service still poor: Consumer activists", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumer activists pointed out on Thursday that auto drivers have got a monthly increment of Rs 6,200-or a 40% hike-after the recent increase in fares, but the services offered are still below standards. The activists will petition the government with the previous and present income figures and seek withdrawal of hikes if the service quality does not improve.Auto union leaders, though, said the fare hike was justified keeping in mind the cost of living index and rise in repair and maintenance cost of vehicles.Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said drivers have got a huge hike. \"First, most autos still run on the old mechanical meters and passengers are being fleeced with excess fares daily. Second, refusals continue outside most stations. The attitude of drivers has also not improved. Under such circumstances, is it justified to give them a raise of over Rs 6,000 per month?\"He further said the productive distance travelled by each auto was 80km a day. \"In the past, when the fare was Rs 7 per km, a driver earned around Rs 560 a day. This means, he earned Rs 14,000 to Rs 15,000 per month (in 26 working days). This is a decent income,\" he said. But now after the fare hike from Rs 7 per km to Rs 9.87 per km-about Rs 3 per km-the drivers have got a nearly 40% increment.\"Auto drivers had got an interim hike of Re 1 in March this year. After the recent hike in October, the minimum fare was increased from Rs 12 to Rs 15 (for 1.5km) and for every subsequent km from Rs 7 to Rs 9.87. Deshpande said, \"If you calculate the earnings of drivers after the hike, they come to nearly Rs 21,000 per month. There is an increment of at least Rs 6,000.\"Activist Varsha Raut said, \"We have come across several complaints of drivers fleecing passengers in Mumbai.\"A senior RTO official said in the past two weeks, they had issued showcause notices to 800 taxi drivers and over 200 auto drivers for various offences.A union leader said most drivers led a hand-to-mouth existence. \"The hike will help them save for medical expenses etc,\" he said and added that activists should focus on getting illegal autos off the road instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17056620", "title": "Bangalore flights from Mangalore airport from Nov 9", "text": "MANGALORE: Air India Express (AIE) will operate flights between the capital city of Bangalore and the coastal city four days a week starting from November 9.According to Air India office here, IX 805 will depart from Mangalore to Bangalore at 5.15pm and IX 508 will depart from Bangalore to Mangalore at 7.15 m on Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays.AIE has also commenced double daily operation to Dubai from Mangalore effective last week. The flight IX 383 departs from Mangalore to Dubai at 8.55am and IX 813 departs to Dubai at 10pm. There are two arrivals daily from Dubai to Mangalore. IX 384 arrives at Mangalore 5.25pm and IX 814 arrives at 6.30am.The other flights operating from Mangalore are as follows: The Mangalore to Abu Dhabi-Muscat flight operates on Tuesdays, Thursdays, Sundays departing from Mangalore at 9.50 am. From Abu Dhabi-Muscat the flight arrives at Mangalore at 7.55pm.The Mangalore -Kuwait flight operates on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays departing from Mangalore at 6.05pm. From Kuwait flight arrives at Mangalore on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays at 7.25am.The Mangalore- Bahrain flight operates on Wednesday and Saturday departing from Mangalore at 8am. The Bahrain flight arrives here on Wednesdays and Saturdays at 5pm.The Mangalore - Doha flight operates on Mondays and Fridays departing from Mangalore at 7.40am. The flight from Doha arrives at Mangalore on Mondays and Fridays at 5.05pm. On the domestic front, AI will operates flights between Mangalore - Mumbai on Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays at 9.15pm and the flight from Mumbai will arrive at Mangalore on Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays at 4.15pm.The Air India Delhi-Mangalore flight will operate daily. The flight AI 665 will depart Delhi at 8am and arrive at Mumbai 10.05am. The same flight departs from Mumbai at 11am and arrives at Mangalore 12.15pm. The AI 680 from Mangalore to Mumbai will depart at 12.50pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17056647", "title": "AC Nielsen to assess BMC e-governance", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: AC Nielsen, a consultancy organization, will assess the e-governance components of the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation ( BMC) from Wednesday.The organization has been roped in by the ministry of urban development, which commissioned 'Information Services Need Assessment', to study whether works of the urban local bodies are being done manually or online. Based on the report, the Centre will take a decision on further funding under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM).\"The study will be carried out on the basis of Isna questionnaire, which has several components. As a consultancy organization, we will go for a comprehensive study and make a report based on the questionnaire,\" said Dipti Ranjan Kanungo, field executive at AC Nielsen.The study will take into account e-governance components, like computerized connectivity, computer hardware and software, service delivery, environment, human resource and capacity assessment, capacity-building measures, training and finance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17059474", "title": "PCB planning to send security delegation to India", "text": "LAHORE: Relieved they might be at the revival of bilateral cricket ties with India but that would not stop the PCB from sending a delegation across the border to \"take stock\" of the security arrangements for Pakistan team's tour next month.PCB chief Zaka Ashraf told reporters that the Board welcomed the BCCI announcement that it had got clearance for the tour that begins from December 25 -- the first bilateral contact between the two teams since late 2007.\"It is a great development and we are confident the revival of bilateral ties will also help improve relations between the two countries and increase people to people contact,\" he said.The PCB chief said that since assuming office he had focused on restoration of bilateral ties with India and efforts had paid dividends.\"We are happy to be sending our team to India and we are hoping this new beginning will continue on regular basis. The way I see it during the current tenure we have reached an unprecedented level of understanding with the Indian board.\"\"We don't see the series being played in India or Pakistan we just see it as a series to revive friendship,\" he added.Ashraf, however, said that the PCB, after consultations with its government, would send a security delegation to India to asses the arrangements there.\"We have full confidence in the security and arrangements being made by the Indian board but the delegation will be going there to take stock and coordinate things with them,\" he said.Ashraf also admitted that India had an influential role in International cricket and that is why he had pushed for the revival of bilateral ties.\"But nothing could be achieved without the understanding of the Indian board and governments,\" he noted.\"I hope in future their team plays in Pakistan , if the security situation improves (in Pakistan),\" Ashraf said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059514", "title": "'Jaane Bhi Do...' will remain a crazy film forever", "text": "It was the year before Mrs India Gandhi was assassinated. The nation was not in the best of moods. There were raised voices and frayed tempers prevalent across the nation as corruption and intolerance reached an all-time high.Given the milieu Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron (JBDY) chose to laugh away the bruise...There is a sharp zaniness about JBDY which serves as a scathing antidote to the growing sense of collective dismay that the nation faced as extremism and inflation hit the nation hurling it towards damnation.Many regard JBDY as the funniest Hindi film ever made. I am not too sure. I sense of deep somberness behind the giggles and guffaws. The plot about two out-of-work photographers named, hold your legal notices, Vinod Chopra (Naseruddin Shah) and Sudhir Mishra (Ravi Baswani) has episodes of acute hilarity and interludes of absolute anarchy. You know from the faustian flavour, the Shakespearean fervour and frenetic pacing, that there was an abundance of improvisation on the sets. You also know as you watch the film's newly-restored edition , that the film was made on a shoe-string budget which afforded meager finesse, and practically no re-takes. Nope. Nothing can restore the frugality, austerity and begging-bowl crisis that the film had to face.The actors had to literally survive by their instincts which could only take the narration this far and no further. Frequently the gags run out of steam and you can see the actors groping in a creative darkness to emerge with flashes of genuine inspiration. There are too many references and cross-references to politicians and scams. If you weren't born back then when the film was first released, you are doomed.The nexus between politics and journalism is brought out through a character named Shobha Sen (Bhakti Bharve) a hard-nosed newspaper editor who uses our two heroes to get an expose on a builder named Tarneja ( Pankaj Kapoor) and his murky collaboration with a municipal officer named D'Mello (Satish Shah). D'Mello soon ends up as a corpse in a traveling coffin that leaves us chortling heartily or coughing uneasily, depending on how far we are willing to accept the opulent oeuvre of the outlandish and the outrageous that the film throws forward.In one sequence we see the dead-drunk builder Ahuja ( Om Puri ) driving into the coffin carrying the dead D'Mello thinking it's another vehicle. The sequence is funny only if you are hell bent on enjoying the goofiness of a grand high-school reunion fete bringing together grownup professionals who decide to \"have fun\" for one evening even if some of their actions make them look downright silly.Check out the sequence where a time bomb is planted by Tarneja and his moronic assistant (Satish Kaushik) under the chairs of Bhakti Bharve, Naseer and Baswani...Or the episode where Naseer and Kaushik speak on the phone to each other in the same room. The humour is so slapstick you laugh in sheer embarrassment.In JDBY everyone is out to have fun. It's a very boys kind of nudge-nudge-wink-wink fun where the brunt of the joke is the system that fosters and encourages corruption on every level. The characters discuss malpractices without shame or purdah.The cast is mainly masculine.The two women in the cast Bhakti Bharve and Neena Gupta behave like the boys.Bharve's hard-nosed journalist's act is astonishingly unladylike for those times. She uses her \"charms\" (which are entirely a subjective matter since she doesn't appear overly seductive in any sense) to outwit her male adversaries and to make Vinod Chopra (Naseer) putty in her hands. In the end when Sudhir and Vinod are framed for scams which they had set out to expose Shobha Sen walks away from the duo leaving them to face the music. There is a unmentionable 'b' word for such exploitative women.Among its many pioneering achievements\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand that includes the legitimizing of goofy comedy as political satire\u00e2\u20ac\u201dis the use of the inspirational song Hum honge kaamyaab , a desi rendering of the song 'We shall overcome' , a protest song conceived for the African-American Civil Rights Movement. It went on to acquire a renewed popularity through its ironic usage in Kundan Shah's film.To this day Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron remains a crazy film, filled with madcap situations straight out of comedies from the silent era with a corpse rolling down Mumbai's highways and time-bomb's planted to kill the \"good\" blowing up in evil faces. The message is loud and clear: farce can fight a moral-political fascism.Characters talk incessantly either about corruption or about being corrupt. We can see the downslide in the moral values in Indian politics and bureaucracy was already happening in a major way. Yes, Amitabh Bachchan had much reason to be angry. The Big B's anti-establishment film Andha Kanoon rubbed shoulders with Govind Nihalani's Ardh Satya during the same year that Kundan Shah's comedy of 'eras' made an impact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17055722", "title": "Two nabbed for snatching gold chain", "text": "MARGAO: The Maina Curtorim police on Thursday arrested two persons, Raju Kambli and Rihan Shaikh, both natives of Karnataka, on charges of allegedly snatching a mangalsutra and a gold chain from a lady fish vendor, Milagrina Barreto.Police sources said that Barreto, 51, had moved out of her house at Sao Jose de Areal at around 6.45am on Thursday, when two persons on a motorcycle came past her and snatched the mangalsutra and gold chain that she was wearing. Before she knew what had happened, the culprits fled.The locals who heard her cries for help, chased the motorcycle through the fields, and finally managed to nab the accused. The duo was handed over to the police after being given a sound thrashing.While the stolen items have not been recovered, Barreto claimed that the valuables were worth Rs 1.1 lakh, police sources informed.The Maina Curtorim police are conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054578", "title": "Braveheart cop rescues 2 from trench", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two businessmen had a close shave on Wednesday night when their car fell into a 50-feet deep trench in northwest Delhi. Thanks to the exemplary courage shown by a cop, they were saved. On September 20, a Maruti Alto had fallen into the same trench resulting in the death of the occupant, Kapil Kumar.The incident took place around 11pm in the Swaroop Nagar area, when Rohini residents Kapil Kahyap and Nirmal Mukharjee were returning home after work, said P Karunakaran, DCP northwest. Nearing a sharp turn on the the Burari-Ibrahimpur road, the man behind the wheel lost control of the car which plunged down the trench breaking bamboo barricades placed on the roadside.Luckily, a priest from a nearby temple spotted the Santro's headlights and informed police. Sub-inspector Devender rushed to the spot in a Quick Response team (QRT) vehicle and began the rescue operation. Without wasting much time, Devender tied one end of a rope to a tree and began to rappel down. Another constable, part of the QRT, handed him the rope. Devender smashed the glass with his boots and safely pulled out the duo. He then held the injured victims tightly and began to climb his way up. The constable also helped pull up the trio. After half an hour of persistent efforts, they managed to reach the top. The victims, who had suffered minor injuries, were rushed to a hospital.Officials said that Devender may be recommended for a reward and even an out-of-turn promotion for his brave act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17053664", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNo forgery, have long &amp; short signatures\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday said his signature on the letter resigning from Indian Statistical Institute (ISI) was different from the one he generally affixed on formal documents but it was no forgery as alleged by defeated candidate Purno Sangma.Mukherjee's response came in an affidavit responding to Sangma's petition seeking quashing of his election as president on the ground that he had held an office of profit while filing nomination papers as his resignation from the ISI chairman's post was invalid given the \"forgery\" in signature.Mukherjee said he, as many people do, on occasion signed his letters as P K Mukherjee and on formal documents put his signature as his full name, that is Pranab Mukherjee. \"The signature on the resignation letter is his short signature,\" the affidavit said.But Sangma's counsel, senior advocate Ram Jethmalani, was in a combative mood and wanted the court to go into the merits of the allegations leveled in the election petition.Attorney general G E Vahanvati and Mukherjee's counsel, senior advocate Harish Salve, said the court must, as per its own rules, find out through a preliminary hearing whether Sangma's petition disclosed substantial charges to merit a detailed hearing.A five-judge bench comprising Chief Justice Altamas Kabir, P Sathasivam, S S Nijjar, J Chelameswar and Ranjan Gogoi agreed and told Jethmalani to cross the preliminary scrutiny hurdle on November 20, the next date for hearing.To assure the court that there was no forgery of his signature in the resignation letter, Mukherjee said Sangma's petition leveled an \"allegation of forgery on the basis that there is a difference between signature of the respondent in the reply to the objection filed before the returning officer by Sangma and that contained in the resignation letter dated June 20\".\"This allegation is patently absurd. The respondent was in Delhi on June 20 when the resignation letter was sent to (ISI president) Prof M G K Menon on that day at Delhi, there was no occasion for anyone to forge the signature of the respondent,\" Mukherjee said.\"In any event, the position of chairman of ISI is not an office of profit in so far as the office does not enjoy any benefits and remuneration let alone any salary, emoluments, perks etc of any kind... the chairman has no executive role. As such, the disqualification under Article 58 of the Constitution does not apply to the said office,\" he said.Mukherjee said that on June 20, he not only resigned from the ISI chairperson's post but also quit membership of Indian National Congress and all posts held by him in the party. He had also resigned from other posts - president of Rabindra Bharti Society, Kolkata; president of Nikhil Bharat Banga Sahitya Sammelan, New Delhi; and president of Kirnahar Kamadakinkar Memorial Society, Kolkata.On June 16, he had resigned as chairman, trustee board of Dakshin Delhi Kalibari Association, R K Puram, New Delhi; on June 22 from chairman of the advisory committee of Indian Institute of Psychometry (IIP), Kolkata and trustee of Bidhan Memorial Trust, Kolkata; on June 27 from president of governing body of Lady Irwin Senior Secondary School.Requesting the court to subject Sangma's petition to a preliminary scrutiny, Mukherjee said, \"The object of such hearing is to weed out petitions that do not raise questions worthy of trial by the Supreme Court, and merely because a petition purports to raise a factual issue (that is the allegation of forgery), no trial may be called for if the allegations are ex-facie non-serious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17056004", "title": "Shop owners file complaint against goon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hundred of owners of the roadside stalls small shops on footpaths in Alambagh have lodged a complaint with the police accusing a local goon of forcing them to pay Goonda Tax posing as a Samajwadi Party leader. On Thursday, the accused - identified as Sumesh Misra in the police complaint lodged by the shop-owners collectively - allegedly reached the Chander Nagar Gate area with two dozen henchmen and demanded money from them for putting up their stalls in the area. When some of the shopkeepers refused to oblige, Sumesh along with his aides first thrashed them and then ransacked their stalls, throwing their belongings on the road.He openly threatened them to either meet his demand or else they will not be allowed to put up their stalls in the area. Shopkeepers allege that as he claims to be an SP leader, the local Alambagh police does not dare to take action against him. \"We have reported the matter to the police, but they expressed their helplessness saying that he happens to be a SP leader. But as far as we know, he is not leader with the SP, and is only using the party's name to influence the police,\" said a stall owner.s talking to the TOI.Allegations are that this is not the first time that Sumesh had assaulted the shopkeepers unprovoked. Earlier too he had made attempts to force the shop owners to pay him for setting up stalls by the roadside or on the footpath, in and around the Chander Nagar market.On Thursday, Sumesh and his men had come equipped with laathis and rods thrashed the stall owners who refused to follow his diktats. At least four of the stall owners suffered injuries in the incident. Over a dozen stall owners claim to have suffered losses worth thousands of rupees after their stalls were ransacked and the goods damaged and thrown on the road.The shop owners maintained that this was the only reason why they did not file a complaint at the local Alambagh police station and filed it at the office of the additional superintendent of police (ASP) City (East). The complaint was submitted on Thursday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17056318", "title": "Chakravyuh tune strikes a chord with Maoists", "text": "RANCHI: The makers of the movie 'Chakravyuh' may have anticipated a good response to their film, which highlights the plight of common man owing to rising prices through the song 'Mehangai', but little did they know that the Maoists, on whom the film is based, would lap it up as well.Maoists operating in Bihar and Jharkhand have hailed the effort of the filmmakers and congratulated them for vociferously criticizing the corporate houses of pursuing their vested interests. Manas, spokesperson of the Bihar-Jharkhand north Chhatisgarh border regional committee of the CPI Maoists, said, \"We have heard a lot about the movie and are eager to watch it. We don't have access to movie theatres and television but our sources have told us about the movie and we would definitely like to watch it.\" He added that the film reviews in newspapers have made them all the more curious about it.Talking of the song whose lyrics are 'Bhaia dekh lia hai bahut teri sardari re, ab toh humri bari re', Manas said that it touches upon the basic issue of price rise that concerns the common man. \"The song further reveals that the price rise has been triggered by the corporate houses who have been allowed to loot resources at throwaway prices and make massive profits,\" he said.Though the filmmakers have tried to play it safe by incorporating a disclaimer saying that they have no intentions to hurt sentiments or target corporate houses, Manas picking up some lines from the song said, \"Birla ho ya Tata, Ambani ho ya Bata, sabne apne chakkar me desh ko hai kata, is true in letter and spirit and it seems that for the first time mainstream media has acknowledged what we have been saying since a long time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17054220", "title": "Delay in funds affects fight against dengue", "text": "KANPUR: The impact of delay in funds for National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP), meant to combat the adverse impacts of monsoon on human health, is visible in the form of rising cases of dengue in the city in past few days. Highest till now, 34 new dengue cases were reported in the city in past two days with the total reaching 111, with one official and two unofficial deaths.On Wednesday, 19 cases were reported while the number was 15 on Thursday. These cases were confirmed by Dr Atul Garg of microbiology department of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College (GSVM). Among the 34 patients, 11 are being treated at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital and the rest at private hospitals.As many as 111 dengue cases were reported positive till date. The total number of dengue tests conducted by the department is more than 600 in past few weeks.Sources point out that the cases reported in government data are only 75% of the total. Many the cases were also reported positive at private pathological.The health department claims that it seeks details of each patient from the private hospitals as well but refuse to accept that there is any difference in official data and real number of dengue cases.The health authorities were initially claiming to have done everything to combat the spurt in vector-borne diseases but are now on back-foot because the funds for NVBDCP have not yet been released.The NVBDCP programme comes under the much-hyped National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). As per the guidelines, this fund was to be released in the first week of July so that the related processes could be carried out on time.The district health authorities had sent a proposal seeking Rs 34.60 lakh under NVBDCP in June this year.This NVBDCP program includes medicines and equipment needed to combat vector-borne and related diseases . Under these funds, the health authorities have demanded anti-larval medicine, medicines to be distributed in slum areas to reduce mosquito breeding, kerosene to be mixed in places of water stagnation, among other things. The health department was also supposed to utilize the funds to hold educational programs for raising awareness on monsoonal diseases.The in-charge of NVBDCP could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.Chief medical officer RP Yadav claimed that all steps had been taken to combat vector-borne diseases. When questioned, he accepted that no funds under NVBDCP were released during monsoon but sanctioned a few days back.\"We have last year's stock of anti-larval sprays which we used this year. The kerosene was managed from special funds. The awareness sessions were organized with the help of NGOs in rural areas,\" Yadav added.When asked that what would be done with these funds now as monsoon is over, the CMP said that NVBDCP funds are also meant for filaria.Contrarily, no such instructions are given either in the NVBDCP guidelines or in the list of requirements send by the health department which says that these funds can be used to combat filaria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17056889", "title": "Coming soon: E-devices that you can wash &amp; fold", "text": "WASHINGTON: You may soon be able to fold up your iPad and even wash it without causing it any damage!Researchers have came closer to developing new gen-next washable and foldable e-devices with zero pixel borders, thanks to the development of a electrofluidic imaging film. The device will require low power to operate since it will charge via sunlight and ambient room light.The devices using electrofluidic imaging film will be so \"tough\" and only use wireless connection ports, such that you can leave it in the rain without being damaged, the researchers claimed.In fact, you'll be able to wash it or drop it without damaging the thin, highly flexible casing and screen, they said in a UC statement.Researchers at the University of Cincinnati said one challenge in creating foldable e-Paper devices has been the device screen. But the research verified that a screen of paper-thin plastic, what the researchers refer to as \"electrofluidic imaging film\" has revolutionized their finding.The breakthrough is a white, porous film coated with a thin layer of reflective electrodes and spacers that are then subjected to unique and sophisticated fluid mechanics in order to electrically transport the colored ink and clear-oil fluids that comprise the consumer content of electronic devices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17054811", "title": "Madhya Pradesh CM announces 7% hike in DA", "text": "BHOPAL: State government employees in Madhya Pradesh probably have the best remunerative and gainful jobs even as the global economy struggles through fiscal slow-down, failing banks and volatile stock markets adversely affecting salaries and pay scales in corporate India. In a bonanza, second time within three months, ahead of Diwali festival the government announced 7% dearness allowances (DA) for the state employees.The last impressive increment came less than three months ago on the occasion of Independence Day when the travel and other perks of the employees were hiked.As Madhya Pradesh celebrated its 57th foundation day on Thursday, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan made the announcement about a 7% hike in DA for govern- ment employees with immediate effect.'We have decided to increase dearness allowance of government employees. This is a special gift to state government employees including the daily wage earners who are the poorest sections in the regime's hierarchy. The increase of 7% dearness allowance would be effective for pensioners also,'' the chief minister said. More than 5 lakh pensioners in the state will benefit from the increase in DA.Three months ago, on the eve of the country's 65th Independence Day, Chouhan implemented some of the major recommendations of the pay commission including increase in house rent allowance, daily allowance, conveyance allowance, special allowance for employees posted in tribal scheduled areas, meals allowance, uniform allowance for those in the police force, jail and forest departments. The state exchequer incurred an increased expenditure of Rs 700 crore including the arrear payments to execute the new salary structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054455", "title": "Ex-babu heads Maharashtra Pollution Control Board again", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is taking flak for reappointing veteran bureaucrat J S Sahani as Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) chairman in blatant violation of the apex court guidelines.In a letter to Chavan, an NGO from Aurangabad, Nisarga Mitra Mandal, has written to Chavan and threatened to move the Supreme Court against his reappointment, even senior Congress and NCP leaders have expressed displeasure over his reappointment. Sahani, an IAS officer of the 1976 batch, was appointed on Thursday after his retirement for a period of one year. Chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia confirmed the developmentthat Sahani has been appointed to head the MPCB for a year.Nisarga Mitra Mandal chairman Vijay Diwan said, the apex court guidelines on the appointment of chairman, secretary and members of the state pollution control board are clear. The apex court has recommended that the appointees should be qualified in the field of environment or should have special knowledge of the subject. \"Sahani is a good administrator, but we feel that he does not hold qualifications as per the apex court's observations,\" Diwan said.\"As per information, he is an arts graduate. If the government is unable to find a competent person, then it should advertise the post, as has been done by several states,\" he added.Diwan said if Chavan does not revoke Sahani's appointment, then his NGO would move the apex court afresh. Besides the NGOs engaged in the field of environment, even politicians to have lodged a protest against Sahani's appointment of Sahani as MPCB head.According to a Congress minister, Chavan should give an opportunity to a qualified politician, instead of a bureaucrat. \"It's unfortunate that in a democratic setup, key enterprises and boards are headed by bureaucrats for over a decade,\" he said.\"We feel that Chavan and NCP leaders should sit together and appoint politicians as heads of the boards and corporation. Why should we give powers to bureaucrats,\" the minister added.The Congress minister claimed that both in Congress and NCP, there are competent people, who can head the MPCB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17053966", "title": "Left parties' bid to expand base in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: As the caste and religion-based politics has registered cracks and started showing signs of fatigue in Bihar, Left parties in the state have been trying to cast it into a \"power house\" for Left mobilization in 10 Hindi-speaking states for expanding their areas of influence.The bottom line is to first reclaim their mass base and further build on that foundation to catch the imagination of people. Besides, the left wants to attract the middle class intelligentsia in the urban areas where the BJP and JD (U) combine, by and large, rule the roost. As a first sign of efforts on the part of the Left parties, the CPI (ML) is scheduled to organize its state-level rally here on November 9, while the state CPI is all set to complete its drive to make 1 lakh active members in Bihar by December-end. Similarly, the CPM has engaged itself in issue-based agitational programmes.\"Only two months are left for the completion of our drive to make active members in all the 38 districts of the state. The aim is to have 1 lakh active members. Initial reports show that the response is tremendous,\" said CPI state secretariat and national council member Jabbar Alam, adding: \"Our focus, as also of other Left parties, is to build Bihar into a power house for Left mobilization in the Hindi-speaking states. The aim is to give an alternative to people in the face of political void that is engulfing them.\"According to Alam, the number of CPI's active members in the state is 70,000. Thus, by December-end, the party would have added 30,000 new members. \"We will definitely reach the one lakh mark,\" he said.Curiously, in Bihar, Begusarai district alone has the maximum 12,000 active members, followed by Khagaria, Madhubani, East Champaran, Bhagalpur and Saharsa districts in the descending order. \"The most interesting part of our organization-building enterprise is that we, today, have district council units in 37 of the 38 districts. Only Kishanganj is left. Besides, we have block units of the party in 290 of the 534 blocks, and we have strictly adhered to our own organisational criteria. The signs of Left recovery and expansion are positive and good,\" Alam added.It should bring an alternative to the people, who, otherwise, have felt trapped in the grip of the caste and religion-based politics in the state for the last two decades. Indeed, the JD (U) and BJP together had decimated the Left in the electoral game of the 2010 assembly elections, which reduced the Left presence in the state assembly to a lone CPI MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17058552", "title": "Rajinikanth\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s next postponed yet again", "text": "Initially, the film was to release during Diwali. Next, we heard it would hit theatres on Rajinikanth's 62nd birthday on December 12 this year.However now, there is news Kochadaiyaan, the film, has been pushed even further. Directed by Rajini's daughter Soundarya R Ashwin, Kochadaiyaan is his first film after a long bout of ill health. An insider revealed, \"The film will release around end of January or early February next year.\" Kochadaiyaan will open on an international scale in languages including Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Japanese and English.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055778", "title": "Political parties set to break 'no rally' truce", "text": "KOLKATA: Police had pleaded with the political parties not to organize any rallies at the Metro Channel or Rani Rashmoni Avenue during the festive season. The parties had obliged the cops by not calling any meetings till October 29. But it seems they ran out of patience and are in no mood to extend the self-imposed deferments till Diwali, which is on November 13.Lalbazar police headquarters has received at least three applications - one from the Congress - seeking permission for organizing rallies at the Metro Channel or Rani Rashmoni Avenue before Diwali. Joint commissioner of police (Headquarters) Jawed Shamim says: \"We had requested all political parties not to hold political rallies at the Metro Channel or Rani Rashmoni Avenue during the festive season. Keeping the interest of commuters in mind, we want them to extend this to Diwali. But we've received some applications and we are in discussions with them. But at the end of the day, they have to take the final decision.\"Congress isn't in a mood to listen though. \"Kolkata Police informed us over the phone that permission will not be granted for our protest dharna on November 8. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is free to address a rally wherever and whenever she desires. But she is denying the permission to other political parties. This is a brazen attempt at curbing our democratic right,\" state Congress spokesperson Abdul Mannan says. He adds that the Congress would defy the administration and hold the dharna on November 8. \"Let police stop our peaceful democratic agitation,\" he warns.The Congress is merely taking a leaf out of the CPM book. On October 6, after the twin rally on festive eve at Esplanade, the police had requested political parties to defer their meetings till the end of the festive season. However, the CPM chose to go ahead with its agitation outside the Kolkata Municipal Corporation to highlight the civic body's failure to check dengue and its involvement in corruption.DCP (Traffic) Dilip Adak perhaps expresses his helplessness when he says, \"We can do little if political parties decide to go ahead with such rallies ignoring our pleas. We will try to lessen the commuters' woes to the extent it is feasible.\"From a firebrand opposition leader in 2003 to the state's chief minister in 2012, Mamata Banerjee has shed several past baggages. Having shunned an all-party meeting called by the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee-led government to make rallies more organized free in 2003, Mamata - as the chief minister now - tried her best to zero in on a political consensus in an all-party meeting in September this year. In the previous all-party meeting on this issue, Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee had placed specific recommendations, including rallies be confined to specific spots - three in central Kolkata and one each in the north, south and the east; processions stick to one flank so that the flow of traffic is not hindered and larger rallies be restricted to holidays. Neither Bhattacharjee nor Mamata could arrive at a consensus on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17055542", "title": "Jaipur to get women cab drivers soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Pink City will soon see women drivers plying cabs on the roads. In an efforts to empower women and provide them alternative opportunity to earn a dignified living, Azad foundation, a Delhi-based NGO along with Sakha Wings Pvt Ltd will start 'women on wheel' services. The company will train women to drive passenger vans and make them professional chauffers. A feasibility survey for the city is being conducted and the services are likely to start by December or January 2013.The announcement to launch the services came during the press meet of women organizations on Thursday. The service is already running in national capital region providing employment to over 40 women. After viewing its success in the national capital, the Azad foundation decided to spread it wings in other parts of the country.\"Our aim is to give livelihood to women with dignity. We are elated with the response we received in Delhi. The same concept will be followed in Jaipur,\" said Meenu Vadera, director of the Azad Foundation.The focus of organization which runs on the non-profit basis is to render cab services to women and families run by women. After training the firm will make efforts to get their trainees placed in private companies and help them in getting commercial licenses and cabs.\"Khap panchayats say girls should not be given mobile phones but here we want to see them with the steering wheel in their hands. This way they will be able to steer not only their life but also their families and community, \" added Vadera. == Students may get lessons on feticide soonJaipur: Students in the state's government schools could soon get lessons in fighting female feticide and dowry system. The state government on Thursday told the high court that it would consider introducing the lessons in the school curriculum to create awareness among the youth about the centuries old social evils.The suggestion about teaching school students about the evils of female foeticide and dowry system was made in one of the two PILs that were disposed of by the HC on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054516", "title": "Krishnadhawal keeps the hues out", "text": "NAGPUR: If the content is same, it can be difficult innovating with the presentation. This dilemma is afflicting most musical shows happening in the city. 'Krishnadhwal', one such musical show worked hard to redesign the format and, considering the audience turnout, succeeded in its effort.Thursday evening served a rich selection of golden hits of black and white films to the diehard fans of these songs. The singers Aniruddha Joshi, Rasika Chate, Niranjan Bobade have established themselves in the hearts of music lovers in the city. Smita Tondgaokar impressed with her nasal voice as she rendered some Shamshad Begum hits. And Dr Sudhir Kunnawar's rendering of evergreen hits like Bhuli hui yadaon and Kisi ki muskurahaton pe ho nisar was an effort well-tried.The concept entailed an audio visual presentation of songs from the era of black and white films. The stage setting had visuals of singers who ruled the charts from 1940 to 1960. The theme was black and white and the performing artists this evening were dressed in these colours too.The advantage that such musical shows have is that the audience connect so well with the songs that they are willing to overlook the fallacies. But they also expect the artists to keep up the tempo. Krishnadhawal fell short on this. It could not rise beyond being a loose bouquet of popular black and white era songs. There was no challenge for Aniruddha as he sang Jab dil hi toot gaya or Beqarar kar ke. Niranjan's unique and clear voice did justice to Ai mere dil kahin aur chal and the more classical Ajhun na aye balma which is his forte.Dr Kunnawar missed the beat with bhuli hui yaadon and Smita sang the wrong lines in the duet Leke pehla pehla pyar. It was Rasika who proved to be the most versatile singer of the evening with the Noorjahan number Aawaz de kahan hai, Geeta Dutt's Jata kahan hai deewane and Lata's hit Pyar kiya to darna kya.Also adding lustre to the evening were a host of music lovers including local MP Vilas Muttamwar and former mayor Kundatai Vijaykar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054242", "title": "Crew late, flight delayed by two hours", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Kolkata-bound Air India (AI) flight with more than 100 passengers on board, including five MPs, was delayed for almost two hours in Mumbai on Thursday as the crew that was to fly them was unable to arrive on time from Goa.Sources said the scheduled departure was at 6.30pm, but AI-774 took off only at 8.15pm. \"We were told was that the crew was held up. One passenger was going to visit his ailing father and learnt on board that he had passed away,\" said a flyer.AI sources confirmed that the flight was delayed as the crew was unavailable. \"The crew was coming from Goa, but their flight was delayed and we did not have any back-up,\" said a source. Officials said the flyers were made to board the plane despite the crew's absence as they would not have got an early clearance for take-off otherwise.The five MPs included Bhartruhari Mahtab (BJD), Saifuddin Soz (Congress) and Prasanta Chatterjee (CPM).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055447", "title": "Traffic violation cases rise by 38% in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Traffic violation cases in the city have shot up by 38% compared to the cases that were registered until October end last year.While continuing with its offensive against errant motorists, the city traffic department even surpassed the number of cases it had done last year assistant commissioner of police, Sanjeev Thakur said, \"This year, the number of cases booked by the traffic department is over 1.26 lakh. Last year, during the same period the number of cases stood at 91,000, which shows a rise of 38% this year. Even the total number of cases registered last year was 1.10 lakh and this figure has already been crossed this year by a margin of 16 lakh cases with two months still to go.\"As far as the amount of fine recovered is concerned, by October end the traffic department collected Rs 1.55 crore and in the corresponding period last year the amount of fine stood at Rs 99.69 lakh, which is 55% more. The maximum number of motorists booked by the traffic cops has been bikers followed by autorickshaw drivers. Until October end, cops booked 57,000 bikers for rash driving, fancy number plates, triple-seats and driving without licence, among other offences. They went on to collect fine of Rs 66 lakh from two-wheeler drivers.Auto drivers stood second with nearly 34,000 drivers fined for carrying more passengers than allowed, carrying passengers on front seat, operating without documents or uniform, etc.Senior traffic officials said that the high number of cases have been a by-product of disciplining motorists in the city. Acting on the Supreme Court's directive, the traffic cops are also taking action against film on glasses of vehicles. In May 2012, the Supreme Court had issued directives to all the states to ensure that film was not put up on the windows of four-wheelers.The RTO and the city police have also not succeeded in making fare by meter compulsory in the city, despite various meetings and drives in the past to ensure that autorickshaw and taxi drivers ply only by meter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17054126", "title": "Disabled find partners to share life\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s challenges", "text": "CHENNAI: Three months ago, when M G Rakul's marriage was fixed with Maria, he decided to tie the knot along with with 60 other couples at the mass marriage organised by the Tamil Nadu Handicapped Federation Charitable Trust (TNHFCT) on November 1.His reasoning was simple. \"If I were to marry Maria on any other day, it would just be my family and close friends. I wanted to be part of the community and get married along with people like me,\" says the 28-year-old accountant. 'Community' for Rakul means the other couples who tied the knot on Thursday. From ramps and wheelchairs for paraplegics to translating rituals in sign languages, the ceremony had it all.He is three feet tall, while Maria's height is five feet. \"But I knew the moment we met that I wanted to marry Rakul,\" she says. \"I am an orphan and I found he shows me more love than I have ever received my entire life,\" says the tailor.T M Rajasekharan, 42, a polio-afflicted man from Tirupur district, said they were asked to submit certificates and get familiarised with the medical problems involved. \"My wife-to-be, who is not disabled, got acquainted with the restrictions and problems I may face and how she could deal with them.\" Radha, his wife, said, \"I always felt the disabled had a right to lead happy married lives. The first thing that struck me about him was that he was a straight talker.\" All couples underwent two months of counselling before tying the knot. T M N Deepak of TNHFCT said, \"a non-disabled bride/groom needs to know the issues involved in living with a disabled person. There is also the aspect of sexual intercourse with a disabled person. So we brought in psychologists and other experts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055285", "title": "Weak day for Kala Ghoda bar after weekend raid", "text": "MUMBAI: Wednesday was the first day in midweek when the raided SoBo lounge bar, LIV, was open to the public - and it was practically a no-show.LIV had been raided on Saturday morning at 2am because it had been pen beyond the 1.30am deadline.On Wednesday night, around a dozen people showed up at various times between 11.30pm and 1am. The staff strength was greater than the guest numbers. The DJ played music, but no one took the floor. \"Usually, Wednesdays have a low turnout, as it is a working day the next day,\" said a waiter.The lounge bar is open to the public only thrice a week -- on Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays. It is closed on one day of the week and on the rest of the days it is open for private party bookings.The first day LIV was open to the public after the raid was last weekend, on Saturday. The footfalls were lower that night too. The police went visiting again and fined the establishment Rs 12,500 for \"overcrowding\" because more than 40 people were present. It was the same amount they had fined lounge partner Ritik Bhasin hours earlier because the bar was open beyond the deadline.On Wednesday, last call was at 12.45pm. The music played on and a few guests talked, till on request the DJ played 'Gangnam Style', the Korean hit. No one danced the horse-step singer Psy has made famous. A couple of foreigners left before midnight and the good beats by the DJ were rendered flat by the action of the beat police a few nights earlier when they hauled away all the happy feet.The absence of cars parked outside and the quietness on the street would have made any passerby believe no club was near by. A sliver of light from a single entrance and two men dressed in black at the door were the only indications that the lounge was open.TOI correspondents visited the bar on Wednesday as paying customers to assess the impact of the police raid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17055931", "title": "India to ask Pak to act on pending Interpol notices", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will next week ask Pakistan to act on all pending Interpol Red Corner Notices (RCNs) that have been issued by the global police body against terrorists and other criminals, including the 2611 terror attack mastermind Hafiz Saeed and 1993 Mumbai blasts' kingpin Dawood Ibrahim , over the years.The issues relating to pending RCNs will be raised by home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde when he meets his Pakistani counterpart Rehman Malik on the sidelines of the Interpol General Assembly to be held between November 5 and 8 in Rome.Though New Delhi had raised the pending RCN issue with Pakistan several times in the past at bilateral foras, raising the issue in Rome assumes significance since a General Assembly session proposes to make the 'notice' system a deterrent for criminalsterrorists.In view of how Saeed continues to roam free inside Pakistan despite a pending RCN against him, India will also ask the Interpol member countries to make the organization more effective in honouring such notices against fugitives including terrorists.Saaed alias Syed Hafiz Saab has not only been roaming free in full public view in Pakistan ever since the Interpol notice was issued against him at India's behest in 2009, but also been provided security by state authorities within that country.\"Saeed's case makes a mockery of the RCN system which expects a member country to put the fugitive under arrest. Hence, it prompts New Delhi to flag the issue at the gathering in Rome, seeking more power for the international police body,\" said an official.Shinde is proposed to seek more teeth for the global police body in the ministerial meeting which is to be part of the Interpol's 81st General Assembly in Rome on November 5.The matter, besides other issues including concerns over cyber crime and circulationprinting of fake currency notes, will be pitched further during the General Assembly meetings by Indian delegation comprising senior officers of home ministry and CBI.At present, the Interpol has 190 member countries, including Pakistan. Justice, security and home ministers from over 100 countries will participate in the General Assembly, which is to be opened for the first time with a ministerial meeting.Though over 160 Interpol RCNs are pending against fugitives wanted by Indian law enforcement agencies, India is specifically concerned about over 45 terrorists who are suspected to be in Pakistan. Besides Saeed, the list includes Ibrahim, hijackers of IC-814 flight, members of Indian Mujahideen, Lashkar-e-Taiba and Khalistani terrorist groups.Those who are not in public view may give Pakistan a benefit of doubt as the country never accepts their presence within its territory. \"But, the presence of Saeed marks the ineffectiveness of the Interpol institutional arrangement where majority of the member countries consider Red Notice to be a valid request for provisional arrest,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054697", "title": "Vishnu, Brahmins face off at State Human Rights Commission office", "text": "HYDERABAD: A typical filmy drama was played out on the premises of the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) on Thursday as members of Brahmin associations as well as Telugu actor Vishnu came face-to-face with their petitions against each other. The Brahmin community has been protesting against the content of Vishnu's latest film 'Dhenikaina Ready', which according to them insults the community and belittles their practices.Around 50 members of Brahmin associations assembled outside the commission after filing petitions and resorted to sloganeering when they saw the actor Vishnu Manchu at the SHRC office. Some of them even threw chappals at him. Vishnu was convinced by police officials at the commission to leave the venue in order to control the situation. The police also took some protesters into custody.It is learnt that Vishnu also wanted to file a petition at the commission related to Wednesday's incident when the actor's house was attacked by the protesters, but he failed to file the complaint.The Akhila Brahmana Sangham filed two petitions. In the first petition, the members complained to the commission about the objectionable contents of the movie and demanded that it should be banned immediately. The members alleged that the movie has many scenes which hurt the sentiments of the Brahmins They also stated that even the women of the community were shown in a poor light. Admitting the case, the commission referred the matter to the director of Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) and ordered for a report by November 16.In the second petition, the community members alleged that they were attacked near actor Mohan Babu's house on Wednesday without any provocation while they were trying to protest peacefully. They mentioned that three members were seriously injured and were still undergoing treatment. According to the petition, the security guards of Mohan Babu attacked them and beat them up in the presence of police officials. They demanded stringent action against the attackers. Admitting the case, the commission directed the city police commissioner to submit a report by November 16.Continuing their protests against the movie screening, Brahmin associations staged a rasta roko at RTC crossroads which threw the traffic out of gear for a few hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17056399", "title": "Central Coalfields Limited observes Foundation Day", "text": "RAMGARH: Four areas of Central Coalfields Limited (CCL), a subsidiary of Coal India Limited (CIL) celebrated the 37th foundation day of CIL with much pomp and splendour on Thursday.The ceremony began with the unfurling of the national flag at the offices of general managers in Argada, Barka-Sayal, Kuju and Rajrappa along with the Central Workshop in Barkakana, Mines Rescue Station in Nai Sarai and Central Hospital in Ramgarh by respective heads of the areas. A number of coal workers, their family members, leaders of different trade unions in the collieries and school children joined in the celebrations. Chief general manager of Barka-Sayal area, said, \"This was made possible by the transformation of CCL from a loss-making PSU to a profit-making mini ratna company along with the distinction of being the highest corporate tax payer, contributing in a big way to the socio-economic emancipation of not only the colliery area but also the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17056386", "title": "57th Karnataka Rajyotsava celebrations: Rain fails to mar spirit in Dharwad", "text": "DHARWAD: The impact of Cyclone Nilam notwithstanding, the 57th Karnataka Rajyotsava was celebrated in a grand manner in Dharwad on Thursday.A large number of citizens from different walks of life participated in the celebrations and pledged to dedicate themselves for the cause of Kannada and Karnataka.Students braved the rain and assembled at the R N Shetty Stadium at 8am where water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai arrived 20 minutes behind the schedule.The city wore a festive look with most of the buildings decorated and illuminated. Hoisting of Kannada flag, garlanding of portrait of Bhuvaneshwari, cultural programmes and felicitation to the achievers marked the celebrations.At the Rajyotsava programme organized by the district administration at R N Shetty Stadium, minister for water resources Basavaraj Bommai hoisted the flag and took salute from NCC , police, home guards and scouts and guides. Tableaux depicting the development works by the departments of RDPR, health and excise among others were the added attractions. MLA Chandrakant Bellad, MLA Seema Masuti, ZP president Ratnavva Kallimani, DC Sameer Shukla, police commissioner B A Padmanayana, ZP CEO P A Meghannavar, SP Y S Ravikumar, additional DC Mahantesh Bilgi, and others were present. Bommai said the government was committed to protecting the interest of people of the state. He listed out the development works taken up by various government departments in the state.Cultural programmes were held at Karnataka Vidyavardhaka Sangha in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17056037", "title": "Doors open to DC book fair", "text": "KOCHI: Opening doors to a 'book shop' with over 10 lakh books from 350 publishers, the 15th DC international book fair and cultural festival began in Marine Drive on Thursday.The festival, to be on till November 14, will be marked by book releases and discussions every day which would be attended by eminent writers and scholars.Michael Danino, the author of The Lost River, Sethu, Zacharia, V K Sreeraman, Sara Joseph, C V Balakrishnan, K R Meera and Akbar Kakkattil would be present at the festival.The release of books on cinema would have actor Mammootty and directors K G George and Sathyan Anthikkad as participants. The release of the book by Noushad of Big Chef chain of hotels would see Mohanlal and Manoj K Jayan on the dais. Talk on 'Parayipetta Panthirukulam', and the celebration of Paulo Coelho's translated works selling one lakh copies in Kerala are some of the other events to be held as part of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056259", "title": "Their space to express the \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcyoung vision\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LUDHIANA: The youths proved that their festivals are not just a means of fun and recreation, but are an occasion to express concern about serious issues of society for them, on the fourth day of the youth festival of Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU), Thursday.The culturally rich day entailing mesmerizing song, dance and dramatics performances was inaugurated by GADVASU vice-chancellor Dr V K Taneja at the PAU open air theatre. \"We must enjoy this time to relish it in future. The students are sharing the 'young vision' of the country, bringing to light the issues of concern,\" he said.Prior to inauguration ceremony, three affiliated colleges of the vet varsity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d School of Animal Biotechnology, Vet Polytechnic Kaljharani, Khalsa College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Amritsar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d exhibited meaningful pageants in a procession, which threw light upon social issues like child labour, price inflation, female foeticide, corruption, water conservation and dowry. Beautifully choreographed scenes depicted social concerns of the present and gave an insight into the students' awareness and vision. The dedication towards responsibility was apparent in the acts.Dr Satinder Pal Singh Sangha, dean student welfare and convener of the youth festival, said the students left not stone unturned in sending their message across through art.The events to be held on Friday will include quiz, installation, mime, mimicry, one act play and mono-acting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17056805", "title": "Crew should have stayed put: Officials", "text": "Just 12 hours after a sailor died and five others went missing as oil tanker MT Pratibha Cauvery ran aground off Elliot's Beach, the blame game began with Coast Guard and shipping officials saying the captain and crew should not have lowered the lifeboat.While the Coast Guard said 10 sailors were rescued on Wednesday evening, those undergoing treatment said they were washed ashore by 6.30pm. Sailor Nishanth said there were no Navy or Coast Guard teams when they reached the shore. On Thursday, the Coast Guard invited the media to see the 15 stranded crew members being airlifted from the vessel by two choppers . Gurupdesh Singh, deputy inspector-general and chief of staff, Coast Guard, said their first vessel left the dock at 5.20pm on Wednesday . \"We (Coast Guard and Navy) deployed 20 divers, but their efforts failed due to the waves.\" He said the port could have sent a tug to take the tanker to the outer seas. \"We sent that direction to the port at 12.30pm.\"Port officials countered this. \"There was no such direction from the Coast Guard until Wednesday evening,\" said a senior port official. Port trust chairman Atulya Mishra said the attempt to use a tug failed because of the rough weather. \"The captain of the vessel should not have lowered the lifeboat. He had been warned. But it was lowered and the boat toppled. It would have been safe had they remained on board,\" said Singh. A Coast Guard release said two choppers and one aircraft were used in the rescue operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17054906", "title": "Act against corrupt staff: Mayor-in-council", "text": "BHOPAL: Citing irregularities in the implementation of Narmada project, ADB scheme and Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), the Mayor-in-council (MIC) on Thursday directed the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava to take action against the employees who have been facing charges of corruption.The MiC meeting was held on Thursday at the mayor's house. The MiC also directed the commissioner to transfer the officials who were on deputation and facing corruption charges to their original government departments.\"Important projects like the JNNURM, ADB and others are given to the officials who are on deputation. Moreover, complaints of corruption against the officials in charge of Narmada water project and BRTS corridor are on rise. There officials should be sent back to their respective departments,\" BJP corporator Asharam Sharma said.Over a dozen officials including the three additional commissioners of the corporation are serving on in the BMC.Other topic that came up for discussion during the MiC meet included the dismissal of C S Kawalkar, BMC engineer who was accused of being irresponsible in laying the Narmada pipeline in Indrapuri area of the city. The MIC unanimously agreed for the removal of Kawalkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17054939", "title": "Commuters bear brunt as traffic goes haywire", "text": "BHOPAL: Traffic went haywire on Thursday on roads connecting the Lal Parade grounds- the venue of state's 57th foundation day function as a huge crowd turned up at the function ground to see a series of live performances, including one of from iconic music director A R Rahman .A large number of persons got stuck in the traffic jam that continued till the programme was over. The condition worsened after the programme was over and the people began driving back home.Earlier in the evening, in a rush to reach Lal Parade fast, riders left vehicles wherever they found space, resulting into traffic chaos in a radius of 3 to 4 km of the Parade ground. For more than five hours, normal vehicular movement remained suspended on roads connecting new and old city areas.Long traffic jams were witnessed in places, including New Market, Old City, Professors Colony, Bharat Talkies, Jinsi and Jehangirabad localities. The routes from where the traffic was diverted could not save people from getting stuck in jam as diverted routes already had a large number of vehicles moving at snail's pace .The police deployed to man the traffic at entry and exit points looked helpless as the sheer number of visitors and vehicles were far too much than the cops can handle.\"It is difficult to control them,\" a helpless traffic cop said pointing to the queue of four and two-wheelers.Not an inch of free space was left at the designated parking lots for those going to the function a little late. For them, there was no option, except for leaving vehicles far away and walk till the Lal Parade grounds. Those who were not going to attend the foundation day programme were the worst-hit. \"I was proceeding to a hospital towards MLAs quarters near Rang Mahal, but now I am stuck in the jam,\" said Santosh Singh, a resident of Jehangirabad.The police control room, which is adjacent to the parade ground, also turned into a parking lot as hundreds of two-wheelers vehicles could be seen parked there.The route connecting the Bharat Talkies to Roshanpur through Police Headquarters was diverted through Pul Bodga, Jinsi and Link Road Number 1.Only vehicles having designated pass for the function were allowed to move between the Lilly Talkies and Gandhi Park. The traffic jams continued in the city till late evening after the programme came to an end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17056652", "title": "Faculty development programme at Tapmi in January", "text": "MANGALORE: The TA Pai Management Institute (Tapmi) will organize a three-day faculty development programme (FDP) on research methodology in management on its campus from January 17.The event aims at providing a clear understanding of what research is, why it is done and how it is done to aspiring researchers. FDP will familiarize aspiring researchers about broad approaches that can be used for conducting a research.During the FDP, there will be four sessions of 90 minutes each day. The pedagogy will be a mix of lecturers, presentations by researchers and discussions.Chowdari Prasad, chairman of admissions, Tapmi saidat the FDP, experts will help researchers by providing solutions to problems related to various research works. This programme is open for students and teachers . Call: 0820 - 2701071 / 2701026. Email: fdp@tapmi.edu.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056165", "title": "17-year-old girl commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: A 17-year-old college student allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her house in Bhosari on Thursday afternoon as she couldn't afford to buy new clothes for Diwali.The Bhosari police have found a suicide note from the victim's house. The victim has been identified as Priti Meshram, a resident of Dighi Road. The note said that Priti wanted to buy new clothes for Diwali, but it was not possible because of the financial condition of her family.The police said Priti took the extreme step when she was alone in the house. Her neighbours saw her hanging from the ceiling, rescued her and rushed her to a nearby hospital, where she was declared dead on arrival. Priti was a standard XI student of a private college in Dapodi. The police have registered a case of accidental death.In another incident, a 19-year-old woman, who had set herself ablaze following a quarrel with her husband, succumbed during treatment in a private hospital during the early hours of Thursday. According to the Nigdi police, Yuvraj, husband of the victim, identified as Seema Bahir of Gurudevnagar in Akurdi, sustained 32% burns. He is undergoing treatment in a private hospital.Sub-inspector P V Bhosale of the Nigdi police station said Seema had set herself ablaze in her house on October 30 after a quarrel with Yuvraj. She had sustained 80% burns. Seema had lodged a complaint against her husband. \"We are investigating,\" Bhosale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17054703", "title": "Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences doctors on strike due to non-payment of salaries", "text": "JALANDHAR: Health services were paralyzed at Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) after doctors went on strike on Thursday due to non-payment of their salaries for the last four months.The institute, being run by a society headed by rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra, has been facing serious financial crisis for the last several months.While payment of salaries have remained erratic, the institute has also been defaulting on the payment of power bills and its power connection has been disconnected five times in the past.While doctors stayed away from the OPD, they attended emergencies, patients in the ICU and in wards as well. The teaching in the medical college also remained suspended.The doctors have been speaking to the PIMS authorities for releasing their salaries as festival season had approached and their families were facing serious financial crisis. Rakhra had also visited the institute on Tuesday and he held meetings with the authorities but salaries of the staff have not been paid.This has created unrest in the 400 bed medical college which is the first tertiary care centre in Doaba region and according to sources the rest of the staff can also go on strike.Sources revealed that after they went on strike a meeting was then convened by resident director Ajay Aggarwal with them and they were assured that their salaries for two months would be released in a few days.Last week Powercom had disconnected the power supply of the institute for non-payment of power bill of Rs 65 lakh. However, it was resumed after the PIMS deposited a cheque of partial amount.PIMS society general secretary Dr AppaRao Mokammala had confirmed to TOI that they were in serious financial crisis and were delinquent even in loan repayments. The banks had also warned that PIMS loan accounts could be declared NPA (non-performing assets.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054709", "title": "38 fresh dengue cases take total to 1,057", "text": "NEW DELHI: The dengue cases in the capital reached 1,057 with 38 people testing positive for the mosquito-borne disease on Thursday. While 35 cases were reported from three municipal corporations, one was reported from the NDMC area and two from Delhi cantonment area.Two children have so far succumbed to dengue this season. Another death, that of a 40-year-old woman at Fortis hospital, Vasant Kunj on Wednesday, is yet to be confirmed by the civic body.\"Maximum 392 dengue cases have been reported from south, followed by 347 cases in north and 269 cases from east Delhi. Nine cases have been reported from outside Delhi,\" said a senior municipal official. Last year, the city saw 776 cases of dengue, including eight originating from outside, and five deaths till November 1 while the year before reported 5,583 cases, including 30 from outside, and eight deaths. In 2009, there were 400 dengue cases and two deaths.\"Year after year, we are facing dengue outbreaks in the city. The municipal corporations have failed to do their duty as far as maintaining the sanitation services and carrying out fogging operations in sensitive locations is concerned. First they express helplessness saying October is peak season for dengue and then ask us to wait for the winter to set in for dengue cases to reduce. What do these civic agencies do?\" said Anjali Ghosh, a resident of Safdarjung Enclave.A recent survey carried out by the National Centre for Disease Control found high incidence of mosquito-breeding at house level in areas like Mehrauli, Uttam Nagar and Sangam Vihar among others. The overhead tanks in most households in the Lutyen's zone were found to have breeding, the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) reported.Health experts say civic authorities alone cannot end the mosquito menace. \"Awareness and seriousness among the public is very important. If they do not allow water to stagnate in the overhead tanks, flower vase or in their surroundings the dengue cases will come down certainly,\" said a senior doctor.He added that use of mosquito-repellants, ointments and sprays is helpful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059436", "title": "Khiladi 786", "text": "CreditsDirector: Ashish R Mohan Cast: Akshay Kumar, Himesh Reshammiya, Paresh Rawal , Ileana DCruz, Asin, Mithun Chakraborty , Rajesh Khattar, Raj Babbar , Mukesh Rishi Producer: Himesh Reshammiya, Twinkle Khanna , Sunil A Lulla Release Date: December 7, 2012SynopsisBorn to an owner of a marriage bureau Champak Lal, Mansukh has been a complete failure ever since he has grown up and tried to help his father in their family business. All the alliances he had tried to get done have resulted in separation even before the marriage took place.To prove his worth to his father, he takes up an unusual challenge of getting an underworld don TT bhai's spoilt brat sister Indu getting married to a cop called Bahattar Singh aka Khiladi 786 in Punjab and to add more to his problems he convinces even TT bhai to pretend as a cop but little did the over enthusiast know that Bahattar Singh, his father Sattar Singh and his uncle Ikhattar Singh were not cops but a family of conmen. The story takes a shape as the two hardcore families of two different states pretend to be policemen in front of each other and the beans from each side can be spilled anytime which can be life threatening for Mansukh.What follows is a roller-coaster ride filled with music, romance, comedy and power packed action which would entertain the audience of all ages!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17058714", "title": "Lata teams up with Shankar", "text": "Shankar Mahadevan is on cloud nine. His lifelong desire to work with his idol, Lata Mangeshkar , is about to be fulfilled. Mahadevan (45) will soon record his first song with the legendary songstress. Talking about his dream project, Mahadevan said, \"It is my greatest dream in life to work with Lata Didi. To me, she is Mata Saraswati. I was touched by the beautiful things she said about me. I felt my musical journey has been worth the hard work. My first recording with her was when I played the Veena for her bhajan in the album Ram Shyam Gun Gaan she recorded with Pandit Bhimsen Joshi. I was 11 years old at the time. Exactly my younger son, Shivam's age. My journey started with her blessings. And now I want Shivam too to embark on his musical journey with her blessings.\" Mahadev an said he goes by his favourite book The Secret (by Rhonda Byrne ). \"If you wish for something sincerely from the bottom of your heart , it will happen. I prayed almost my entire life for a chance to sing with Lata Didi at least once. And my wish has come true. I am blessed. My Pranam to the Saraswati of Indian music,\" said the prolific singer composer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17054344", "title": "Shootout, kidnapping leaves the cops puzzled", "text": "VARANASI: Two incidents with members of the same family have left the men in khaki puzzled as before the shootout case could be worked out, Ajay was kidnapped in a dramatic style.Though the Maurya family claims that Ajay has been kidnapped, the outcomes of initial investigation of the police are hinting that the plot of kidnapping has been scripted by Ajay himself. SSP, BD Paulson told TOI on Thursday, \"on the basis of call details and other outcomes of the investigation, I categorically rule out the possibility of kidnapping. And I hope Ajay would be here very soon.\"On Wednesday night, the police were informed by Mauryas that while returning from the hospital, Ajay contacted them through his mobile phone and informed that some people were chasing him. Taking his family's advice, Ajay turned towards Luxa from Rathyatra crossing to reach nearest police station. However, he did not reach the Luxa police station, and when his family started searching him, his scooter was found lying abandoned near Dashaswamedh cycle stand. Ajay's mobile phone too was switched off after these developments. On receiving information of the incident, SP city, SK Singh also reached the incident site.As the crime of this nature, in which a family is being targeted by criminals repeatedly within a gap of few days, has never been witnessed in this region for the past few decades, the senior cops took the matter seriously. The SSP engaged special operation group and many other teams to work out this case. If the sources are to be believed, when the call details of Ajay's mobile phone were checked, surprising facts surfaced. Sources said Ajay was present at the place, which was mentioned as his current location during his interaction with his family members 40 minutes before while he gave the call from another location. The current location, where Ajay was present on Thursday morning has also been detected.Kidnapping from a place where Ajay left his vehicle is also being considered impossible as the Dashaswamedh area not only remains crowded round the clock but even some cops are present at picket duty point there all the time. The cops are of the opinion that taking someone forcibly in a vehicle would not go unnoticed either by the cops or the locals. On the basis of same outcomes of the police investigation, the cops are confident that Ajay would be back very soon.The cops, who are busy in solving the mystery of the attack on Rajesh, are now also trying to see whether this plot of kidnapping is prepared to divert the attention of investigators from the real culprits of the shootout. Sources revealed that the involvement of a dreaded looter, who is presently lodged in jail and had remained associated to the Maurya family in the past, in October 16 shootout is suspected, though this family is not mentioning such facts in their complaint or investigation process. The SSP expressed hope that the mystery of both these cases would be solved very soon.October 16: Some miscreants opened indiscriminate fire on Rajesh Maurya and his servant Jishan in Kakarmatta area. The servant Jishan was killed while Rajesh is still under treatment at a private hospital.October 31: Rajesh's brother Ajay Maurya was allegedly kidnapped by some miscreants from Luxa area when he was returning home after giving food to Rajesh at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17056252", "title": "Sweet taste of home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There's no place like home, says Dorothy in 'The Wizard of Oz'. As the Cooking Fiesta of Times Ahmedabad Festival shifted to Vishalla restaurant on Thursday, Kachru Maharaj, Chimanlal Maharaj and their team showed their wizardry with homely Gujarati cuisine and taught participants ways to perfect that tricky 'doodhi na muthia', 'mariwala idra' and the common yet popular dessert 'sukhdi'.For doodhi na muthia, Kachru Maharaj demonstrated how to knead the dough with curd, leaving it slightly runny. After resting the dough for 45minutes, the muthia is sauteed with asafoetida powder, mustard and sesame seeds.The secret to an instant idra is kneading the rice flour and urad daal flour with just curd and no water. This quickens the fermentation, Kachru Maharaj explained.\"Idra with mixed flour was new for me,\" said Himangi Gokhle. \"I have always kept the dough to ferment for six to eight hours. This instant fermentation method is so much more convenient,\" said C Saxena, a regular at the Cooking Fiesta, which as Ista Hotels as hospitality partner.Fact dishThere are four major varieties of Gujarati cuisine. Surti food is usually steamed and contains oodles of ghee, Kathiawadis use a lot of spice and oil, Kutchi food is dry, and seasonal vegetables form the main ingredients in central Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059466", "title": "Bharathiraja makes Iniya wait", "text": "Ace director Bharathiraja has shattered Iniya's dreams of working with him as he couldn't accommodate her in 'Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum'.Iniya was in a shock on being informed of the development, but was happy of the fact that the veteran director has promised that he would surely rope her in for his next venture.Currently expecting the release of Thangar Bachan's ' Ammavin Kaipesi ' starring Shanthanu Bhagyaraj and herself, Iniya said \"Great people like Bharathiraja sir are known for honouring promises. So I am waiting to work with him since it would be a great learning experience\"Iniya had been praised for here performances in here earlier movies ' Vaagai Sooda Vaa ' and ' Mounaguru '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054844", "title": "Mantralaya revamp: Unity Infrastructure only firm in the race", "text": "MUMBAI: A final decision on the Mantralaya makeover bid is expected in the next few days. It has now become clear that Unity Infrastructure is the only firm in the race.At a meeting on the issue on Thursday, only Unity showed up, while other bidders Larsen &amp; Toubro and Shapoorji Pallonji appeared to have pulled out of the race. Sources said negotiations were now on with Unity.The lowest bidder, Unity Infraprojects , has quoted Rs 163 crore, a staggering 48% above the project cost estimate.Other bidders Shapoorji Pallonji (Rs 167 crore) and Larsen and Toubro (Rs 177 crore) quoted bids that were 52% and 61% high respectively.It was found that the rates quoted for civil works were way above the estimates. Especially, the cement concrete works were found to be much higher than the estimates. Similarly, bids for the IBMS and fire-fighting equipment were much higher.Following the high bids, a high-powered committee, headed by chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia, on Tuesday ordered a detailed scrutiny of all the bids received for the Mantralaya revamp project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17056381", "title": "Bokaro mud collapse kills 2, injures 4", "text": "BOKARO: Two women were killed and four others, including a child, injured when a chunk of mud collapsed while they were digging a pit on the banks of River Godnala under Gandhinagar police station on Thursday.The women were digging mud to reconstruct their houses ahead of Diwali. The injured are Kiran Devi (22) and her son Ritik Kumar (4), Komal Kumari (15) and Devanti Devi (35). The deceased have been identified as Sunita Devi and Putni Devi. Condition of Kiran and Devanti is critical.Some villagers, who were bathing in the river, saw the wall of mud collapse and rushed to the spot. They rushed the injured to Karigili Regional Hospital. \"These women were collecting mud that they use for plastering walls and floors to decorate houses in Diwali,\" said a villager.The victims are residents of Barigram village under Bermo sub-division.SDO Bermo Anita Sahay rushed to the spot and assessed the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17054072", "title": "High rates don't deter fancy vehicle number applicants", "text": "Trichy: Despite the doubling of rates for advance registration of fancy numbers for vehicles, people are making a beeline for such numbers in the belief that it will bring good favour to their lives, says Trichy RTO S Balasubramaniam. The state home department amended the Tamil Nadu Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989 and the revised rates came into force since April 10 this year.In the land of rationalist movements and successive Dravidian rules since 1967, the craze for fanciful lucky numbers has only multiplied. The hold of numerology on people is such that the aggregate of all those numbers that add up to the sum of 8 was permanently removed from the 1-9999 series when K Ponmudi was transport minister (1996-2001). \"This is because people here predominantly believe that eight means \"Nashtam\" (loss),\" explained Balasubramaniam. Asked what if someone asked for the aggregate of eight for his number plate through the advance registration process, the RTO quipped, \"The question does not arise as no one will dare go against collective wisdom,\" he said. Superstition or not, we sell numbers, and profit is our motive, he further said.In the last fiscal (2011-12), the sale of vehicle numbers had in Trichy district climbed down to Rs 88,17,00 as against the previous (2010-11) year's collection of 1,02,79,000. However, in the current fiscal, revenue accruing from the sale of vehicle numbers might triple as around 300 numbers are sold a month on an average as against 100 a day in the general category. For instance, one has to shell out Rs 40,000 to choose a number from the first four series for all types of vehicles. The amount goes up to Rs 60,000 from the fifth to eighth series. Moreover, one has to cough up Rs 1 lakh if he were to go for the ninth and 10th series to claim a number, and a whopping Rs 2 lakh to choose from the series 11 and 12, the highest point. Interestingly, one has a choice between 9999 numbers in each series, excepting some 97 exclusive numbers reserved by the government for its vehicles.The government reserved exclusive numbers include 4777 (denoting July 4, 77 when MGR signed the legislature muster as chief minister), 81 (adding up to the all-time favoured 9), 786 (the Muslim's favourite, and some mirror numbers such as 7337, 8118, 8448, 2222, and 9779. The single digits from one to nine are inevitably reserved by the government, and if there are no takers from government departments for government-reserved numbers, they would be allotted to the general public on first-come-first-served basis without any charge. For, without allotting all the numbers in a particular series, the RTO cannot go to the next series. One can also take a pick from the leftover numbers of government departments in a given series. Sometimes, officials in the RTO tip-off seekers regarding availability of hot numbers, giving rise to corruption.Interestingly, if a particular number is preferred by more than one person in the advance series, a lot is resorted to. But once a number is allotted, cancellation is not possible as the number is already assigned to chassis and the engine.Though modern cars fill the roads with the passage of time, the superstitions of people follow suit. If public opinion is the aggregate of individual attitudes or beliefs held by the adult population, then, the number game is here to say, said Subramaniam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17056363", "title": "Regulate medicine prices, says forum", "text": "DHARWAD: The Drug Action Forum (DAF) of Karnataka has urged the Union government to take immediate steps to regulate the price of medicines in India.DAF president Dr Gopal Dabade told reporters here that escalating prices of medicines have pushed treatment beyond the reach of the common man and accused the Union government of failing to regulate prices.The All India Drug Action Network had already fought a legal battle against the Centre in the Supreme Court in 2003. Dabade pointed out that at its last hearing, the court had remarked, \"These days, medicines prescribed by doctors are beyond the reach of the common man. An antibiotic costs not less than Rs 50. According to a yardstick, a person who earns Rs 32 a day is not considered BPL. So he has to starve for two days to buy an antibiotic.\"The SC directed the Centre to decide on the final drug pricing policy but indicated that it would prefer the fixing of price caps.Dabade said the Centre had formed a GoM headed by agriculture minister Sharad Pawar to fix drug prices. The GoM had proposed that the prices of 348 essential medicines be fixed, based on the average price of brands having 1% market share. He said this goes entirely against the aspirations of the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055782", "title": "First lot of aerobridges reaches Kolkata airport", "text": "KOLKATA: Finally, the first lot of aerobridges has arrived at Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport. To be installed at the new integrated terminal, its delay led to the postponement of the terminal's commissioning.According to the Airports Authority of India, the five aerobridges reached the airport in the wee hours of Thursday after tractor trailers set off from Kolkata Port around 7.30pm on Wednesday. The aerobridges, being transported in sections, were shipped from Jakarta by manufacturer BT Bukaka Teknik Utama on October 15 and reached Kolkata Port on October 24, Dashami. The precious freight was unloaded two days later and it was finally loaded on trailers only on October 31 after Customs formalities were completed.The second consignment of aerobridges is expected later this month followed by a third one next month. AAI sources said installation and trails are expected to be completed within January 15, a week ahead of the terminal's scheduled inauguration on January 23.Officials of airlines were delighted to see the huge crates bearing the elusive aerobridges at the airport on Thursday.\"Now that the final missing component of the terminal has arrived, we can look forward to the terminal's speedy completion and its takeoff,\" said Airlines Operators' Committee chairman (east) Sarvesh Gupta.Though there is a provision for 15 aerobridges at the integrated terminal, airlines are willing to move in once the first lot is in operation. \"Five aerobridges will be inadequate to serve all flights during rush-hour traffic. But the situation can be managed as the shift to the new terminal will be in a phased manner. By the time the next batch of airlines shift, the second lot of aerobridges would arrive,\" Gupta added.Of the five aerobridges that have reached the airport, three will be installed in the domestic and two in the international section. The old domestic terminal has three aerobridges while the international terminal has only one such facility. Aerobridges allow direct passenger transfer between the terminal and the aircraft, cutting down boarding and alighting time, saving costs and protecting passengers from the elements and unexpected incidents like bee attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17054339", "title": "Rs 1.4 lakh looted from ex-Armyman", "text": "VARANASI: Two motorcycle-borne miscreants looted Rs 1.40 lakh in cash apart from mobile phones, pass book and other documents of an ex-serviceman Shiv Mangal Yadav near Bakulia bridge under Sadar Kotwali police station in Ghazipur district on Thursday.According to reports, Yadav, a native of Chak Husan area, had set up a school after retirement from the Army. For the construction of some of the school buildings, he had withdrawn Rs 1.40 lakh from a bank in Visheshwarganj area and was returning home with his nephew Rahul on a motorcycle when the incident occurred. The miscreants snatched Yadav's bag containing the cash and other valuables as he was passing through Bakulia and fled from the scene. On receiving information of the incident, the police cordoned the borders of district and launched a massive checking drive, to no avail. Earlier on Wednesday evening, some miscreants had looted Rs 30,000 from Harikishan Ram in Majuipul area under Sadat police station in a similar style.The police claimed to have arrested one of the culprits but the looted money could not be recovered from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055587", "title": "Poll roll: File objections till November 20", "text": "PANAJI: The period for filing claims and objections of the summary revision of electoral rolls has now been extended to November 20.As per the earlier schedule, the last day was October 21. Announcement to this effect was made by the office of chief electoral office, Panaji , on Wednesday. According to the revised schedule, the electoral rolls will now be available for scrutiny by members of the public up to November 20 in the premises of the respective polling stations where last assembly elections were held.The rolls will be available for scrutiny in the offices of deputy collectors and electoral registration offices of Pernem, Bicholim, Mapusa, Panaji, Ponda, Margao, Vasco, Quepem and Canacona and also in the offices of mamlatdars, joint mamlatdars or assistant electoral registration officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054734", "title": "Wakf CEO shunted out", "text": "HYDERABAD: Minorities Welfare Department (MWD) terminated the services of AP State Wakf Board (APSWB) chief executive officer MA Ghaffar on Thursday. The reason for the dismissal is said to be his inability to implement central government sanctioned computerisation of wakf records project. Abdul Hameed, executive officer of the AP State Haj Committee was given full additional charge of the post.A government order was issued on Thursday ordering Ghaffar's termination. But the missive notwithstanding, the board on Thursday evening initially rejected it and batted for Ghaffar, who also holds the post of deputy secretary, and stressed on the autonomous nature of the board. An APSWB board member said, \"It is not binding on us that we accept the appointment of Abdul Hameed as the new CEO. According to section 23 of the Wakf Act of 1995, the government should appoint the new CEO after consulting the board and by notification of official gazette. The consultation has not happened.\"APSWB after calling a special meeting, told media persons later in the day that while Hameed was being appointed as the new CEO, they had passed a board resolution to retain Ghaffar as additional CEO. Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani, chairman, APSWB said, \"We have passed a resolution to the same effect. However, we will be writing to the government to send a panel of three candidates from which we will choose. We have retained Abdul Ghaffar on the basis of seniority and expertise. Further, there is a lot of pending work.\" Board members claimed that there were around 50 vacancies and all representations made to the government to fill them up have proved unfruitful. They declined to divulge the reason for Ghaffar's dismissal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "keshpur", "code": "17055850", "title": "Trinamool factions clash in Keshpur", "text": "KESHPUR: Seven members of the Keshpur Pratibadi Trinamool Mancha - the party's rebel faction - were allegedly attacked by a Trinamool rival group at Jagannathpur village on Thursday.Locals said the attack was a fallout of intra-party clashes that took place on Wednesday evening over control of the party's block office in West Midnapore's Keshpur. A tussle between rival Trinamool Congress factions over control of the party's block office in West Midnapore's Kespur reportedly led to intra-party clashes since Wednesday evening.The clash culminated in an alleged attack on seven members of the party's rebel faction at Jagannathpur village on Thursday morning. The seven were allegedly beaten up by supporters of a rival group.Leaders of the rebel camp alleged that seven of their members were having tea at a roadside stall when they were attacked. They further claimed that there were about 16 assailants and all of them were supporters of Trinamool's former Keshpur block president Chitta Gorai.Sheikh Majubuddin and Ashish Pramanik sustained severe injuries and were referred to Midnapore Medical College Hospital. The five others were reported to be undergoing treatment at Keshpur hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054135", "title": "5,000 Pakistani cricket fans may get visas", "text": "NEW DELHI: India may issue 4,000-5,000 visas to Pakistani cricket fans for the India-Pakistan series beginning on December 25. Visitors may also be considered for multi-city visa under the new visa regime, getting a chance to visit all five venues through a single entry.Although the new visa regime between the countries, signed in September, is yet to be operationalised, efforts are on to give it a push ahead of the cricket series.Under the new visa regime, a person can visit five places instead of the three at present. Since the cricket matches will be played in five cities, it may give an opportunity to cricket lovers to avail the benefit of visiting all the five places if they stay back for the entire series.Acting swiftly on the issue, the government has set up a high-level special committee to work out modalities for granting visa and framing strict guidelines for the visitors so that everyone returns after the cricket series.The committee, comprising officials from home ministry and security agencies, will devise a strict 'reporting' mechanism where all visitors will have to inform the local police authorities about their travel plans, including the addresses of their stay in India. The panel will have its first meeting on Monday. The final decision whether to allow Pakistani spectators to visit one or more cities (up to five) will be taken before November 10.\"The effort will be to have a strict monitoring system in place before granting them visas so that the visitors can be tracked once the cricket series is over,\" an official said.Security agencies do not want to take any chances, keeping in view how Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) terrorists and 26/11 Mumbai terror attack accused Sajid Wajid alias Sajid Mir and Major Abdur Rehman had taken advantage of a cricket match in Mohali to enter India in 2005 when they recced 'future' targets.The two came to India to watch the game in Mohali but went to Mumbai, Delhi and other cities to scout for targets. Pakistani-American terrorist David Coleman Headley - who did surveillance for 26/11 targets - had during his interrogation narrated how the Lashkar terrorists took advantage of the cricket match to enter India.\"We don't want to take any chance and therefore the ministry has already sensitized all states where matches are to be played between December 25 and January 6,\" the official said.India and Pakistan will play two T20 matches (Bangalore and Ahmedabad) and three one-day internationals (Chennai, Kolkata and Delhi). The last match, in Delhi on January 6, may see some Pakistani dignitaries in attendance.The home ministry on Tuesday gave security clearance for the India-Pakistan series and assured the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) of foolproof security in coordination with states.The two countries have not played a bilateral series since Pakistan's tour of India in 2007 after cricket ties were snapped following the November 2008 Mumbai terror attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059449", "title": "'JBDY' is definitely a hard act to repeat: Kundah Shah", "text": "Kundah Shah speaks on Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron\"I don't know how Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro happened. It was shot in the spirit of a home video. We were all young, excited and penniless. The script was so crazy that Romu Sippy who has produced some really important comedies like Chupke Chupke, Gol Maal, Khubsoorat and Khatta Meetha and who was supposed to at some point, produce Jaane Bhi Do Yaaron, said to me that my script was absolutely crazy. I doubt I'd be able to sell the idea even today to any producer. Hats off to the NFDC for believing in my script. And the way Naseeruddin Shah and Ravi Baswani caught on to the mood of reckless adventure, was just the incentive the film needed. None of us was doing the film to get rich or famous. We believed in it. There was a script I have about a prostitute and politics. It is in the same league as JBDY . It's the story of a prostitute on the run who lands up in a town where by-elections are on and ends up becoming the chief minister. I feel today one can attempt such a subject independent of market forces.Every creative artist attempts one theme in various moods and permutations. Guru Dutt made the same film about the tortured protagonist in conflict with society, over and over again. Each time the artiste tries to make his story more perfect in its telling. In comedy, when you make your first film you put in as many gags as possible. With time you make sure the gags diminish. Finally, there should be comedy without laughter. Japanese director Yasujiro Ozu made transcendental cinema. He made comedies that reduced the laughter.JBDY is definitely a hard act to repeat. One editorial after Ravi Bawsani's death said JBDY was like a home movie. Once the script had been approved by the NFDC all we had to do was make sure we delivered the film within the budget. There was no creative interference and there was absolute freedom from audiences' expectations because during those days NFDC films were never released in theatres. We were liberated from expectations. If another JBDY is expected from me then I have to have that spirit of anarchy. We need a free market. We shot JBDY in 16 mm. Today, it can be shot on the digital format and on a very basic budget and technique.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054720", "title": "Government Resolution registrations down 500% in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The bi-annual eligibility test for CBSE teachers to be conducted this month has witnessed a 500% fall in candidates registering in Nagpur, as compared to the last test held in January. \"For the Central Teachers Eligibility Tests (CTET) we have had 3,840 teachers registering. The exam scheduled for November 18 will be conducted at nine centres in Nagpur,\" said Annapoorni Shastri, principal of Bhavans (Wathoda).At 3,840, the number of teacher registrations has come down drastically in Nagpur from the 23,175 who had registered for the January exam. Shastri, who was the coordinator for the previous exam as well, had to use 33 centres across the city to accommodate the candidates.CTET is now a mandatory requirement for teachers who wish to join CBSE affiliated schools from the 2013-14 academic session.While the drop in city's numbers is steep, nationally the registration figures have fallen by 20%. A CBSE official told TOI that nationally 8.38 lakh candidates have registered for the November 18 CTET, which will be the third edition of the exam. That figure is down from the 10.58 lakh candidates that had registered for the January exam.While the exact reason for this drop is not known, many believe it is due to the tough nature of the exam. Across the country, 86% of the candidates had failed in the maiden CTET held in 2011, while 94% failed in the second edition held in January this year. In the last exam, about nine lakh teachers appeared across the country but only 55,422 could clear it. The minimum passing mark required in CTET is 60% and so far there are no indications from the board that it will change the exam's pattern in any way.While the CTET is mandatory, it will not affect teachers who are already employed. However, if they wish to join a new school then they will lose that immunity. Also, the CTET certificate is valid only for seven years.The CTET consists of paper-I and paper-II. Paper-I is for teachers who want to teach from Std I to Std V, while paper-II is for those teachers who wish to teach from Std VI-Std VIII. It is common for many teachers to appear for both. The two papers consist of 150 multiple choice questions (MCQ) and are conducted offline, with each paper being of 90 minutes duration. The qualifying marks for CTET is 60% and there is no negative marking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17056743", "title": "OIL begins drilling operation in Africa", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Oil India Limited (OIL) has commenced a drilling operation in the African continent and the first well was spudded-in at Gabon on October 28.The oil well, located 250km from Libreville, the capital city of Gabon, is considered to be one of the deepest wells in onshore Gabon.The onshore block was obtained from the Government of Gabon for hydrocarbon exploration in April 2006, forming a joint venture with Indian Oil Corporation Limited (45 per cent) and Marvis (10 per cent), Singapore where OIL (45 per cent) was the operator.As a part of exploration activities, aeromagnetic and seismic surveys (2D &amp;3D) were carried out and two locations were chosen for drilling. Both the wells will be drilled down to the basement. The primary target will be N'Dombo Sandstone Formation and the secondary target is ForouePlage Formation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054631", "title": "Exam form deadline extended: Delhi University tells HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: At the Delhi high court's bidding the Delhi University agreed to extend examination forms submission deadline to November 7.Earlier, 17 undergraduate students had petitioned the HC to direct DU to extend the last date for submission of examination forms for I/III/V semester exams of undergraduate and postgraduate students up to November 7. This they did after the university and its affiliated colleges decided not to accept examination forms on account of lapse of the last date of submission, which was September 30. The students had contended that they had no knowledge of the last date as no notice was put up in the colleges. DU put up a notice in the university office stating the last date as September 30 while the signature on the notice bore the date of October 3.The students had argued that DU's action was arbitrary and discriminatory since it withdrew the provision of accepting the examination forms along with late fees fine without prior intimation. The court sought the university's opinion on extending the date. On Thursday, DU said it had decided to extend the deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17058906", "title": "Kolkata's spooky Halloween", "text": "Kolkata said hello to Halloween in style at a bash held at a city hotel. Around 150 youngsters, who made it to the scary party, were in spook spirit and came dressed as Joker, witches, pirates, bandits, leopards (complete with a tail) and monsters to usher in the frightfest.The party started with Honey Singh raps and Bolly chartbusters, but with 8-bit Culprit and Contra Frequency taking over the turntable, the youngsters soon got a taste of EDM. \"I am from Pune and EDM is a rage there, as is also the case with other metros. Only Kolkata is lagging behind. So I thought of bringing such music for my friends in Kolkata,\" said organizer Vinay Daswani, who dressed up as a mad lab scientist, with a faux nail piercing his index finger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054105", "title": "Islands tiff: Japan briefs India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Signaling their growing alarm, senior Japanese officials gave a classified briefing to Indian and US officials on the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands earlier this week. China and Japan are locked in a territorial dispute over these islands in the East China Sea that has recently escalated to the level that has rung alarm bells among strategists.This was part of the third trilateral meeting among India, Japan and the US, where the three countries explored possibilities of working together in the region. The trilateral has attracted criticism from China, which has blamed Tokyo for spreading its anxieties about Beijing's rise among other countries.The trilateral, the third in the past one year, has now evolved into a deeper interaction where the three major nations exchange their strategic perceptions of the region. In the past months, India, Japan and the US have been working together to develop trade and economic linkages in south-east Asia. Myanmar also plays a key role as all three countries have reformed their ties with the junta-ruled nation.India has proposed an east-west corridor connecting India via Myanmar with Thailand and further all the way to Vietnam. India, Myanmar and Thailand are already working on a trilateral highway that aims to provide connectivity and improve economic linkages among the countries of this region, and the trilateral effort will only augment this. At a deeper level, this aims to give countries on this corridor an alternative to the north-south connectivity provided by China's massively funded outreach to the region.While a lot will depend on India's growing presence in Myanmar, it will be the redirection of Japan's overseas development assistance (ODA) programme that will actually fund these ventures, with the US providing the strategic heft to see this through. In past decades, Japan had used ODA to its advantage, but in recent years, Japanese assistance has dwindled, and in many countries this has been overtaken by China's humongous overseas enterprise. Japan, whose ODA is currently overwhelmingly directed to India and also Vietnam, is returning to its cheque book diplomacy as it attempts to regain influence in a China-dominated region.As India, Japan and the US engage more intensively in the Asia-Pacific, they are bound to come up against a more assertive China which will take exception to what it sees as an attempt to corral it in the region by these three countries. India has asserted that it has interests in the Asia-Pacific, a fact that was mentioned in a joint statement with the Chinese defence minister during his recent visit to India. For the US, this is part of their much publicized \"pivot\" to Asia.The three countries are also looking at joining forces for economic development projects in Afghanistan, which is of strategic importance to both India and the US, while Japan may remain one of the largest donors in the post-2014 environment. India and the US are pooling their strengths in a trilateral format with Afghanistan to ensure it doesn't descend into chaos again.Also, they will have to try harder to assuage sensitivities of China, which is crying foul. The Chinese foreign ministry issued a veiled caution by saying it hoped \"relevant countries will make more effort to promote regional peace, stability and development\". Spokesperson Hong Lei was quoted as saying by the official Xinhua news agency, \"It is in the interests of all countries in the region.\"The more aggressive Global Times , widely believed to reflect the views of a nationalistic Communist Party of China (CPC), said in an editorial, \"Japan is causing problems for China, but it is not the country's foremost worry\". \"China has some hopes of carrying out strategic cooperation with India. If Asia falls into chaos because of how to deal with China, the result will be good for nobody,\" it added.However, China too has recently stepped up its own activities. This week, China's official agency stated that Beijing had \"chased\" away Japanese vessels from the contested islands in the East China Sea, asserting it's \"management\" of the islands. In the South China Sea, where it is fighting for sovereignty of the Spratlys and Paracel islands with Vietnam and the Philippines, China has increased construction work in the newly-created Sansha city, which was elevated to a prefecture in July.According to Chinese authorities, this city is expected to control administration of Paracel islands, Macclesfield Bank, Scarborough Shoal, and other assorted reefs, sandbanks and some 200 small uninhabited islets and their surrounding waters in the contested Spratly Islands. China has even announced it will build a military garrison in Sansha, which has drawn protests at the militarization of the South China Sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056238", "title": "For looks that could kill", "text": "LUDHIANA: 'She has looks that could kill!' That popular compliment has a new connotation. Once considered taboo in India, cosmetic surgeries have now become 'just another visit to the parlour'. And Ludhianavis surely have the money to splurge on it.Clearly, people today want to look as good as they feel, and are willing to invest in improving their quality of life, opine experts. Cosmetic procedures like nose job, laser hair removal, hair transplant, liposuction and botox treatment top the popularity charts, reveal plastic surgeons in city.Dr Sanjeev K Uppal, head of plastic surgery and burns at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), said, \"The concept of using cosmetic surgery to enhance looks has becoming increasingly accepted in Ludhiana. We offer cosmetic procedures right from correcting nose to removal of unwanted hair and liposuction, with botox treatment being the most popular.\"Dr Uppal reveals that on an average he gets two to three women a month coming for nose job (rhinoplasty), around 10 to 15 people coming in for laser hair removal and four to five botox treatments in a month. \"The majority of cases we have are from the pre-marital age group. People either come ahead of their marriages or to enhance their looks, or while they are on the lookout for a soul mate,\" he added.While mostly women opt for cosmetic procedures, men too are now shedding their inhibition to enhance looks. \"There is 7:3 ratio for women and men getting nose jobs, while hair transplants are more popular with males, who make for about 99% of the cases,\" said Dr Ajay Abrol, plastic and micro vascular surgeon at SPS Apollo Hospital.Meanwhile, experts also report an unusual surge in liposuction procedures among women in city. \"Liposuction or abdominal plasty, in the abdominal, hips or chin, is most popular among women here in city, who form 90% of the cases,\" added Dr Abrol. While many people think that cosmetic procedures like weight reduction and enhancements can transform them into ravishing beauties within a couple of hours, the experts say otherwise. Dr Abrol clarifies, \"Liposuction is a fat controlling method. It removes excess body fat to a maximum limit of 10% and not beyond that. Afterwards, it is all about exercising and eating healthy.\"Another popular treatment is the laser hair removal. Dr Ravindra Tah, senior consultant plastic surgeon at Mediways, said, \"Laser hair removal is quite popular in city. Most women opt for this procedure to remove unwanted hair from face. The procedure needs seven to eight sittings and it has 70% chances of success. Meanwhile botox treatment is picking up popularity among men in city, with more and more males wanting a wrinkle free skin.\"Clearly, changing looks today is more normal than ever. But on the flip side the disconcerting thing is that more and more patients are returning for more. \"Nowadays, cosmetic surgery is easily accessible, but it may not change your life, and it could be that people who are considering it need to look at other confidence issues first,\" feel experts.Dr Vijay Obed, professor of plastic surgery at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), said, \"The acceptability for cosmetic procedures has increased in our families. For those who truly need them, these procedures truly are a boon, but genuine candidates need to be distinguished from those who perceive them as 'just another visit to the parlour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17054353", "title": "Vijayakanth gets bail in assault case", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Thursday granted anticipatory bail to DMDK chief Vijayakanth in a case of assault filed by a journalist. Justice B Rajendran asked him to execute a bond for 1 lakh and furnish two sureties. He shall appear for inquiry as and when required, the judge said.The matter relates to the October 27 incident at Chennai airport when Vijayakanth allegedly abused Balasubramanian, a freelance journalist, when he sought his comments about four DMDK MLAs meeting chief minister J Jayalalithaa. Balasubramanian lodged a complaint saying he was assaulted.Vijayakanth and his party MLA Anagai Murugesan filed anticipatory bail petitions after an FIR was registered on Sunday. Murugesan was arrested on Wednesday and remanded in judicial custody.His counsel P Kumaresan submitted in the court that the incident had been grossly exaggerated and Vijayakanth never threatened or intimidated the journalist.Advocate general A Navaneethakrishnan, however, said Vijayakanth was a habitual offender and that he had assaulted his own party candidate during poll campaigning last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17054768", "title": "'Honouring Indira's assassins an anti-national act'", "text": "AMRITSAR: Paying homage to the assassin of late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) has drawn flak from both Congress and BJP. Senior BJP leader and former cabinet minister in Parkash Singh Badal's government Laxmi Kanta Chawla told TOI on Thursday that \"honouring killers of Indira Gandhi is condemnable and an anti-national act\".\"It is an act of sedition,\" she said and added that SGPC had earlier honoured the killers of former Army chief Arun Vaidya. Giving the assassin of late chief minister Beant Singh title of \"Jinda Shaheed\" was an insult and injustice to around 25,000 persons killed by militants in Punjab, she said.\"I wonder why the Punjab government has maintained a stoic silence. The chief minister should clarify his government's stand on honouring the killers of Indira and Vaidya,\" she said, adding that it was a known fact that SGPC was under the influence of SAD (B).Punjab Youth Congress president Vikramjit Singh Chaudhary said that SGPC paying homage to Indira's assassins on behest of SAD (B) at Golden Temple had \"again exposed the double standards of the ruling SAD-BJP government\".Former president of Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee Harvinder Singh Sarna said that it was unfortunate that the perpetrators of crime against Sikhs were still out of police clutches while political parties were bent upon politicizing the issue for vested interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054425", "title": "Various TOI expose to dominate Nagpur University Senate proceedings", "text": "NAGPUR: Come Saturday, the various scams exposed by TOI in Nagpur University are likely to take centre stage at the crucial Senate meet. From the sensational BCCA paper leak to Kohchade style revaluation scam allegedly involving NU's assistant registrar Sandhya Chunodkar-Handa, the meet is expected to witness debate on these issues. However, the NU administration has either given evasive replies to the questionnaire submitted by Senate members or declined to give answers terming some of the queries as \"suspicious\".Though the NU administration has dropped some queries related to the paper leak, it allowed only one made by Gurudas Kamdi. NU officials have admitted that they have not taken any action to find the culprits till date and were still dependent on the final report by Sitabuldi police even after over six months TOI first exposed the leak on April 22. NU further stated that it had directed its officials to strictly adhere to the rules and regulations and keep a close watch on the exam centres. Sadly, no concrete steps have been taken to overhaul the system, which has many loopholes.Senate members, including Pramod Yeole and Ramesh Pise, have raised many queries related to the racket at Wardha's Rani Agnihotri College where many of its students were caught while solving answer-sheets at a student's home at midnight. Moreover, on Sunil Sakharkar's query related to duping of 50-odd students of Shivaji College in Paoni of Bhandara district by a clerk, NU failed to give satisfactory replies on action taken against colleges or its officials. TOI had run a series of stories on both these rackets exposing as to how the college officials were allegedly involved in these wrongdoings.RG Tale and SR Chopne have raised queries regarding the much-debated issue of 'exorbitant' exam fee by the NU administration. Explanation has been also sought on irregularities in NU's Barrister SK Wankhede BEd College allegedly involving its principal Vandana Manapure.Ritesh Ganar has sought information on action taken in the Chunodkar-Handa revaluation scam, but NU dodged them stating that it has recommended the case to its Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC) where it is pending since over four months. Ramesh Bobhate has queried on distribution of handwritten marksheets provided to MCM students in violation of rules. Again, NU has failed to give satisfactory answers on action taken against erring officials.Senior member Anil Dhage has queried about vacancy of non-teaching posts while Manmohan Bajpayee had sought information about whether NU was privatizing its examination system. Anant Kamthikar has raised issue of vacant pharmacy seats for long time while Abhisar Agne demanded information on facilities provided by MKCL under its e-suvidha project.Not satisfied by the action taken by NU administration against Guru Nanak College in Ballarpur, Samir Kene, who is pursuing this issue since long, has again raised a query, which met same evasive replies. Kene also has a query on former NU standing counsel Bhanudas Kulkarni. It probably is one of the reasons why Kulkarni submitted his resignation and Purushottam Patil appointed in his place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "17054862", "title": "Govt weakening democratic institutions: Ex-Army chief Gen V K Singh", "text": "REWARI: Ex-Army chief Gen V K Singh on Thursday accused the Congress-led UPA government of weakening institutions while calling upon the people to elect honest leaders for true democracy'' at an opposition Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) rally in Haryana's Rewari town.\"The democratic institutions are being weakened. The fingers are being raised against institutions like CAG , CVC, Judiciary and even the Army,\" said Singh in his first speech at a political meeting since his retirement. The INLD had organized the rally to celebrate late former deputy Prime Minister Chaudhary Devi Lal's 99th birth anniversary.Singh's statement comes days after he had demanded the Parliament's dissolution after joining activist Anna Hazare's team to fight corruption. But INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala , who Singh shared the dais on Thursday, faces several corruption charges.The former Army chief referred to the aam admi and said there seemed to be a leadership vacuum in the country while urging the people to elect those capable of fulfilling aspirations and interests of the country.He blamed economic liberalization for the disconnect between the social and economic setup in the country'' and the widening gap between the rich and the poor. The concept of the welfare state enshrined in the constitution is being ignored resulting in failure of governance,\" said Singh.He said the democracy was in crisis and called for the need to bring back its true form by electing good people.Singh lamented the poor condition of farmers and the labour class and said nobody seemed to be bothered about their plight. \"Farmers are committing suicide due to government neglect. They are being stripped of their land for the benefit of corporate houses,\" said the retired general.He paid tributes to Devi Lal and lauded his down-to-earth thinking and actions'' and also honoured four survivors and the families of the martyrs of the 1962 Indo-China war.New record in anthem singingThe INLD on Thursday claimed to have set a new record in mass singing of the national anthem. Its spokesperson Ram Singh Brar said that over one lakh people sung the anthem during the party rally in Rewari town on Thursday. A team of the Guinness world record was also invited on the occasion.The earlier record was set in Pakistan on October 20, with around 70,000 residents singing their national anthem at Lahore's National Hockey Stadium.\"A team of the Guinness World Records was present to monitor the event which would give its certificate later. But it was definitely far bigger turnout of people than those gathered at a stadium in Lahore ,\" said Brar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059124", "title": "Junk food causing puberty as early as age 6", "text": "The onset of puberty has fallen by more than five years in girls - with experts blaming kids' unhealthy lifestyles for it.Some girls are only six or seven years old when they have to cope with their first period, the Sun reported.A US study has found that boys are also hitting physical maturity two years earlier than they did in the past.Scientists found that the average age for the onset of puberty in girls was 16.6 years in 1860.But by 1920 it was 14.6, in 1950, 13.1, in 1980, 12.5 and in 2010 it had decreased to 10.5.Experts fear that this problem could lead to an increase in young girls getting pregnant.Marcia Herman-Giddens, from the University of North Carolina where the latest research was carried out, claimed that obesity may well to be blame as it alters the body's hormones \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with some starting to show the first signs of maturity as young as six.The average age for white and Hispanic boys is 10, while it is 9 for black boys.Tam Fry, honorary chairman of the UK's Child Growth Foundation, has explained this as a \"ticking timebomb\" for today's society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17056397", "title": "One more accused in TNPSC question paper scam arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: One of the accused in the TNPSC question paper scam was arrested from Bhuvaneswar in Orissa and produced before a judicial magistrate court at Perundurai in Erode district on Friday. He has been lodged in a sub jail at Erode.The accused, identified as Gagan Bihari Senapathi, 49, is a lawyer from Bhubaneswar. Two others, one a relative of Gagan and the other a printing press worker at Bhuvaneswar, are absconding.Four others, Anand Rao, Thiyagarajan, Senthilkumar and Sridar Raj, have been arrested in connection with the scam. They told police that they received the TNPSC question papers from Gagan Bihari Senapathi. Based on their confessions, eight special teams led by deputy superintendent of police (CBCID- Coimbatore range) Rajarajan conducted detailed investigations in Andhra Pradesh , Orissa and West Bengal. A special team arrested Senapathi on October 30 in Bhuvaneswar and brought him to Erode by train. On Friday, he was produced before a court and remanded to judicial custody.According to sources, a relative of Senapathi, Mohan Mandan, was also secured by police. But the CBCID has denied the report.Mohan Mandan who was working with the printing press plotted the plan with the help of Senapathi. They decided to make money by selling the question paper in Tamil Nadu with the help of Anand Rao.The scam came out when Senthilkumar, who completed his PhD, and his brother Thiyagarajan, a driver from Tiruvallur district, were arrested on the basis of information provided by the other accused and they confessed to having got the paper from Anand Rao. Senthil Kumar had appeared for the written test for TNPSC Group II armed with the leaked question paper.The special team nabbed Anand from Visakhapattanam. Following the interrogation of Rao, police traced the origin of the question paper leak. Thiyagarajan claimed that he paid Rs 4 lakh to Rao for the paper in order to 'help' his brother in the TNPSC exam.TNPSC Group II exam was conducted on August 11 across the state. At an exam centre in Erode, candidates noticed a woman going through hand-written questions and answers prior to the exam. Suspecting that the paper may have been leaked, they informed invigilators. When she was taken in for interrogation, she told police that her husband, a bus conductor, had given her the question paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055581", "title": "GMC dean to retire at 62", "text": "PANAJI: Dean of Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, V N Jindal can continue to be in the post till 2014.The state government on Wednesday issued an order stating that the retirement age of the dean will be 62 instead of 60. This is in keeping with the retirement age of teaching faculty which is 62. Jindal was to retire this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "17054735", "title": "Crop damage drives 3 farmers to suicide", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: Fearing that they would not be able to repay their debts after Wednesday's rain damaged their crop, three cotton farmers committed suicide.According to sources, Bhimuni Kanakaiah, 45, a resident of Sooraiahpally village of Manthini mandal, consumed poison in his fields. Kanakaiah had taken two acres on lease. But since the cotton crop in his 1.5 acre land and the additional two acres got damaged, his worry about repayment of his debts grew. He left his residence in the evening and did not return. His family and neighbours who searched for him found him dead in the fields.In another incident at Manikyapur village of Bheemadevarapally mandal, 48-year-old Ramarapu Yadagiri committed suicide after his cotton crop was damaged. He had borrowed more than Rs 2 lakh from money lenders. Since the cotton crop in his three acres and the jowar crop in another 1.5 acre got damaged, he hanged himself to a tree in his fields on the outskirts of the village.Worried as to how he would repay his debts a young farmer also committed suicide at Kamanpur mandal on Wednesday night. According to sources, cotton farmer Burra Ramesh, 25, consumed pesticide at his fields.At Suddala village of Konaraopet mandal, another cotton farmer died due to electrocution. According to sources, N Rajaiah, 55, went to his fields to water the crop but came in contact with a live wire at his agricultural well and died on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054609", "title": "Sultan of Oman to be chief guest at Republic Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sultan Qaboos Said bin Said, ruler of Oman, will be the chief guest at the next Republic Day, putting a seal on a bilateral relationship that is almost unique in the region.Sultan Qaboos, who has been partly educated in India, was awarded the Jawaharlal Nehru award for international understanding in 2004, though he has not yet received the honour.Oman is arguably India's closest partner in the region, and is home to one of the biggest fertilizer projects between India and any other country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17056996", "title": "Now fly Air India to Mangalore four days a week", "text": "BANGALORE Air India Express will introduce a Bangalore-Mangalore flight with effect from November 9. The new four-day-a-week flight IX 508 will leave Bangalore at 7.15pm on Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays to reach Mangalore at 8.15pm. For Bangalore passengers, this flight will provide a convenient connection to Dubai ( flight IX 813), which leaves Mangalore at 10pm.IX 805 will leave Mangalore on these four days at 5.15pm to reach Bangalore at 6.15pm. Airport bookings can be made round the clock through helpline number: 18001801407 or through Air India Express website and major ticketing portals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17055711", "title": "Pernem youth caught red-handed trying to steal tourist's trousers", "text": "CALANGUTE: A youth from Naibaug, Pernem, was caught red-handed by an alert tourist when he attempted to flee with a pant containing cash and a mobile in Calangute early on Thursday morning.The police said Vinay Haldankar alias Fatinga was caught red-handed when he attempted to rob a tourist from Uttarakhand , Rajat Singh, who was sleeping in his hotel room in Calangute.As Vinay took the pant and mobile phone from the room, the tourist who was dozing saw him committing the act and immediately raised an alarm, following which the thief was caught red-handed.In the past, the accused Vinay Haldankar would use a modus operandi in which he would pretend to be undergoing treatment in a clinic. He would then sneak out during the night and return back before daylight after committing a robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lahli", "code": "17054765", "title": "Improved Vidarbha face Haryana", "text": "LAHLI: Losing isn't such a bad thing if one is ready to learn from mistakes. For the last ten years, Vidarbha kept repeating the same mistakes and as a result they remained in the Plate group for nine years. However, the 'losers' have learned the art of winning, if not mastered it, and now hungry for more.Vidarbha are now in Elite Group and they must be feeling proud of what they did last year. However, when this bunch of 'learners' takes on Haryana in their maiden Ranji Trophy Elite Group tie here on Bansi Lal Stadium, Lahli on Friday, they have to take a fresh guard. For the Vidarbha players, it's an opportunity to rub the shoulders with some of the best in business.If Vidarbha are playing in the Elite Group, they must thank their professionals - Sairaj Bahutule, Hemang Badani and Shiv Sunder Das - who played a big part in team's success. Besides, their presence has certainly benefited the team, which is now playing as a unit. Seniors like Ranjit Paradkar and Sandeep Singh have reinvented themselves while the likes of Shalabh Shrivastava and Shreekant Wagh are now learning the importance of being consistent.With Faiz Fazal back, Vidarbha look a competitive side, at least on paper. Umesh Yadav's presence - although only for a couple of matches - will give Vidarbha further boost. If batsmen put price tag on their wickets, Vidarbha have firepower to upset any opposition. The conditions in Lahli will certainly test the batsmen. The wicket here always has something for the pacers.Fortunately, Vidarbha are better prepared this time. The batsmen have spent sufficient time in the middle, while bowlers too are in good rhythm. All they need is to step up and do the job collectively.Haryana, on the other hand, have come of age in the last couple of years. They have upset a few star-studded sides last year. They have a good and aggressive leader in Amit Mishra while the likes of Sunny Singh , Nitin Saini and Rahul Dewan have started making their presence felt. The return of allrounder Joginder Sharma will add more teeth to Haryana attack. His presence will help medium pacer Harshal Patel, who was a revelation last year. The 22-year will look to continue his good run. While Haryana are still undecided on their playing eleven, Vidarbha are likely to leave out Urvesh Patel, Amol Jungade, Apoorv Wankhede and Sumit Ruikar. Last time, the two teams met eight years ago in Nagpur, Haryana won the low-scoring thriller. Vidarbha will look avenge the defeat this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055491", "title": "Open meat shops will be shut to curb dog menace", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to close shops selling meat in the open along the roads across the city.The decision to this effect was taken at the meeting of the standing committee on Thursday following discussion on the issue of stray dogs in the city. All party members sought the attention of the NMC administration on selling meat in the open along the roads across city, attracting stray dogs there.The standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse directed the NMC officials to shut immediately all open meat shops across the city at the earliest and also warned of stern action against the NMC officials if they did not take action in this connection immediately.There are several open meat shops along the roads from Trimbak Road, Mico Circle to Adgaon and at other places in the city. The open meat shops are attracting the stray dogs, which is increasing the stray dog menace.Nimse also pulled up NMC officials for not taking punitive action against the open meat shops in the city.The health officer of NMC S G Hiray said that instructions have been given to sanitary inspectors across all six divisions of NMC to take action against the open meat shops.Vikrant Mate of NCP said, \"There are a number of meat shops in the city and they sell meat at open spaces, attracting stray dogs there. This has created dog menace to the citizens. The NMC administration has also shown its ignorance to take action against such meat shops.\"Vishal Gholap of MNS said, \"Presently, the stray dogs and epidemic diseases are the two major issues that have affected the lives of civilians. Both the NMC administration as well as people's representatives are being blamed for that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054672", "title": "Delhi Jal Board hits back, defends Nangloi project", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting to allegations that the refurbishment of its Nangloi water treatment plant was highly overpriced when compared to a similar project in Patna, Delhi Jal Board defended the project saying the two projects are not comparable \"because of basic differences in the scope of the work, conditions, size and project objectives\".The project area in Patna, a DJB spokesperson said, is around 99 sq km compared to the 129 sq km at Nangloi. \"This means that the extent of the pipe network will be more extensive at Nangloi compared to Patna. Under capital expenditure, Nangloi will have a new distribution network of 1,300 km to cover unauthorized colonies under its command area. In Patna, the new network will span only 700 km. The entire system at Nangloi will be automated, while in Patna it is restricted only to the overhead tanks,\" said the official.According to DJB, even the number of meters and water supply connections at Nangloi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 2.37 lakh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are almost double of those under the Patna project \u00e2\u20ac\u201d1.2 lakh. Water in the Nangloi command will be running at a residual pressure of 17m, enough to supply water to the third floor. At Patna, this will be restricted only till the second floor.SA Naqvi, convener of Citizens Front for Water Democracy that had leveled the charges against DJB, had claimed that the capital cost of the Patna project, which included creation of a new WTP, was Rs 476.94 crore against the capital cost of refurbishing an existing WTP in Delhi, at a cost of Rs 652.32 crore.On operation charges, DJB defended its costs saying a network of 2,000 km of pipelines would require more resources for operation and maintenance as compared to one that had 700 km of pipelines.\"In case of Nangloi project there is provision for replacement of all consumer meters, about 2.5 lakh, once during the agreement period which is not there in the case of Patna. There is another provision for replacement of a minimum of 2% existing network during the O&M; period which is not there in case of the Patna project. Nangloi performance parameters are extremely stringent covering all elements related to improved service delivery and customer satisfaction. Payment to operator is linked to achievement of these standards...\" said DJB.Standing by his allegations, Naqvi added that DJB had not addressed any of its specific questions and the facts stated by DJB on operation and capital expenditure were incorrect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053643", "title": "Won't write on India anymore, Naipaul says", "text": "MUMBAI: V S Naipaul, the Nobel Laureate who has penned three books, two novels and \"one essay as thick as a book\" on India doesn't think he can write on the country again. \"I've written enough,\" the 80-year-old writer told the audience at a function in Mumbai on Wednesday.Kitted out in a red shirt as fiery as his views and essays that have enraged and overawed people simultaneously, the Trinidadian British writer of Indian descent appeared surprisingly mellow. \"There is always struggle in writing,\" he said, adding that if he had money in 1955 he would probably have done something else.The writer declared that reality by itself never made a book\u00e2\u20ac\u201dit needed to be combined with a fantasy element \"to create an original feel\". He recounted an instance when he was invited by then Trinidad &amp; Tobago PM Eric Williams (\"A big man those days, not so big these days. He is dead\") to travel the Caribbean and write about his experiences. \"I wondered how I would fashion a narrative only with the experience of travelling to Suriname and eating fried plantain and fish in a hotel,\" he told the audience at the literary event. He faced a similar question while returning from his first journey across India which had resulted in An Area of Darkness: \"How am I going to knit this together in a book?\" Interestingly, on the same journey he also feared he was \"losing\" his \"gift of language\". \"So on the ship, I'd be constantly testing myself to see if I could speak English,\" he said.While talking about form, Naipaul said that every book had \"the habit of forming its own shape\". \"India: A Million Mutinies Now had to be an anti-clockwise narrative otherwise you would lose your material halfway. Because after Delhi and Kolkata, the rest of the world died,\" he said. While talking about the form of another book, he began, \"I had this simple idea of a man...\" Then his voice trailed off and emotion overcame him. His wife Nadira, who was in the audience, got up and asked the moderator to move on to another question.Naipaul recounted being asked to write a \"funny\" speech in 2001 when he received the Nobel Prize for Literature in Stockholm. Here, he spoke about how Caeser went to Egypt, tripped and fell but held on to the sand and said, \"Africa I have you.\" And what did he feel about the Nobel? \"It was okay,\" said Naipaul. \"You go on doing things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056178", "title": "2 killed in separate accidents", "text": "PUNE: Two persons, one a 40-year-old woman, died in separate accidents at Vishrantwadi and near Aundh hospital on Wednesday afternoon.Rekha Sandeep Sutar (40) of Dhanori was killed on the spot when a speeding motorcycle hit her on Dhanori road in Vishrantwadi around 12.30 pm on Wednesday. The police said the accident took place when Sutar was alighting from an autorickshaw. Police have booked the motorcycle rider Kalpesh Kale for negligent driving.In the second accident that took place near Aundh hospital around 12.30 pm, 49-year-old Siddharth Gotarane (49) of Khadakwasla was killed.Investigating officer of the Sangvi police station, A R Khopkar, said Maruti Kamble (48) of Kothrud and Gotarane (49) of Khadakwasla were on a motorcycle. \"When they reached Aundh hospital, Kamble lost his balance and both of them fell off the bike. Gotarane died on the spot, while Kamble sustained severe injuries,\" Khopkar said.Kamble have been booked for negligent driving.Earlier, in a hit-and-run accident on October 26, a 60-year-old man was killed on the Pune-Mumbai highway in Bopodi. The Khadki police have identified the deceased as Haribhau Vithoba Korde of Aundh Road. Korde was run over by a speeding vehicle when he was crossing the road. The driver fled without stopping the vehicle, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "17058596", "title": "Israel admits 1988 killing of Arafat's deputy", "text": "JERUSALEM: Israel for the first time on Thursday admitted responsibility for the assassination of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's deputy, Abu Jihad, in a cross border raid on PLO's headquarters in Tunis in 1988, lifting the lid on a closely kept secret for two and a half decades.Israel's largest selling daily in Hebrew, Yediot Ahronoth, today reported that the operation was led by Israel's espionage agency Mossad and carried out by the elite Sayeret Matkal commando unit.Abu Jihad, nom de guerre for Khalil al-Wazir, was shot dead in the early hours of April 16, 1988 in a commando raid on the Palestinian Liberation Organisation's headquarters by what was always presumed to be Israeli agents.\"Israel killed the number two man in the PLO, Abu Jihad, in Tunis in 1988, it can now be reported. The intelligence part of the assassination was overseen by the Mossad, and the operational side was carried out by Sayeret Matkal,\" the paper said said after receiving clearance from Israeli censor.The operation was commanded by Nahum Lev, who in an interview before his death in 2000, admitted to have shot down the Palestinian leader but it was not published.\"I had read every page of the file on him,\" Lev had said adding, \"Abu Jihad was connected to horrific acts against civilians. He was marked for death. I shot him with no hesitation.\"A long-time friend and deputy to the veteran leader Arafat who headed the Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO), Abu Jihad is said to have played a leading role in directing the 1987-1994 intifada uprising against the Israeli occupation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17056640", "title": "Spirits &amp; black magic claim two lives, 3 still in hospital", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After 'black man' who scared the residents of Nagaroor, it is spirits and black magic that keep the rural police busy. If people were injured in the 'black man' episode, things only grew worse this time around at Kanjiramkulam near Poovar, with two men losing their lives.A dispute between two families over the suicide of Sandhya (20) in the locality on September 27 had resulted in a violent clash last Saturday, in which two men - Kristhudas and Antony Mariadasan -- were stabbed to death. While Kristhudas died on Saturday itself, the latter succumbed to injuries at a hospital on Tuesday.Sandhya, daughter of Banchilas and Mariyam, had allegedly hanged herself after returning from the marriage party of her neighbour Rosy.Her parents alleged that it was the black magic conducted by Rosy's family that provoked Sandhya to end life and this led to a dispute between the two families.A month later, Rosy too tried to end her life in the same manner, which her family members alleged was the act of the Sandhya's spirit.\"On Saturday, as the relatives of Sandhya gathered at her house to conduct the memorial ceremonies, Rosy's relatives barged into the house and attacked them,\" said Poovar circle inspector S Amminikuttan.There were at least nine armed assailants and several got stabbed in the melee. The deceased are relatives of Sandhya. Three more persons -- Jose, Brigil and Varghese - have been hospitalized with serious injuries, he said. \"Police teams have been deployed in the locality taking into account the sensitive nature of people here. The place comes in the list of the most sensitive wards in the district,\" the CI said.He added that though the situation is now under control, they fear another fight may erupt any time as all accused in the case are still absconding.'Black man' phenomenon ends: It was just two weeks ago that a supernatural entity named 'black man' raised panic among residents of Nagaroor near Kilimanoor.People started attacking each other during nights after mistaking the other for the 'black man'.Finally, Attingal DSP B K Prasanth had to issue an order that anyone who attacked others in the name of 'black man' would be prosecuted and that ended the phenomenon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055900", "title": "Bengal trasport minister Madan Mitra cracks whip on carpools in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is planning to streamline the pool cars operating in the city and adjoining areas and for that the transport minister Madan Mitra held a meeting with the pool car operators.Mitra said that the deadline for applying for licence for operating pool cars will be December 31 and by that time the pool cars operators have to apply for proper conversion of cars for commercial use. The minister said that many of the pool cars owners were operating private cars for ferrying school children. But he said that the need is to have proper papers, without which private cars will not be allowed to operate.Mitra appealed to the guardians also to send their children in properly authorized pool cars. He said that many unauthorized cars are ferrying children in an unsafe manner. The children safety should be of utmost importance and for that he wants to phase out illegal pool cars.However, some of the pool car owners told the minister that though they had applied for conversion of cars and had submitted the requisite fees, but the motor vehicles department was not doing the conversion and was sitting on the papers.Even some of the pool car owners complained about touts operating in the transport department and for that they had to pay four times the fees. The minister assured to look into the allegations.The owners of luxury taxi association also met the transport demanding a hike of luxury taxi fair as about 11,000 luxury taxis were being used by the state government. They threatened to go on strike from November 20, if the state government fails to withdraw the excess tax they are charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17056107", "title": "Niravu initiative lights up lives in Vengeri", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The members of Niravu, a collective formed by 101 households in Vengeri, is all set to manufacture LED bulbs in large scale. They have been trained to do this job.Around 25 residents were trained in LED bulb making as part of the Urjashree project launched by the residents' association two months ago. Now a majority of the houses here have started using these bulbs. Apart from helping them save power, this also provides them some additional income.\"You will have to pay Rs 400 to Rs 500 to buy a LED bulb from a shop. We sell it for just Rs 150,\" said Babu Parambath, coordinator, Urjashree project.The project was launched in September to bring down electricity consumption. One LED bulb was given to each family here. The association also conducted classes on energy saving tips.Vengeri is a place that has already attained self-sufficiency in vegetable cultivation and waste disposal.\"It was M P C Nambiar of the Kerala Sasthra Sahitya Parishath who trained 25 people, including 12 women, in making LED bulbs. We bought raw materials from Mumbai. At present we are charging our customers only the price of the raw materials,\" said Babu.\"We decided on manufacturing bulk quantities after we started getting orders from hostels, offices and flats. We now have orders from Thiruvananthapuram, Kasaragod, Palakkad and various parts of Kozhikode. And people have also been contacting us expressing a desire to learn the making of LED bulbs. We made 200 LED bulbs in a month,\" he said.\"Two councillors in the corporation have expressed their desire to attain self-sufficiency in energy in their wards,\" said Babu.Shimna Krishna, a teacher who has received training, said she did the job after her tuition classes. \"One needs four diodes, two capacitors, resister and 60 LED, and 20 minutes time to make a 3-watt bulb,\" she said. \"I also train women in the residential area and my friends,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17056444", "title": "Couple burnt to death", "text": "RAJKOT: A couple was burnt to death in a village in Junagadh district. Sources said the husband perished along with his wife as he tried to save her after she attempted self-immolation following a tiff.Police said Daksha (34) of Vadal village set herself ablaze at their house on Wednesday night following a heated exchange of words with her husband Raju Vaghera over his alleged extramarital affair. Vaghera allegedly sustained major burns while trying to save her. While Daksha died on the spot, he succumbed to his injuries at Civil Hospital in Junagadh on Thursday. Vaghera used to work as a daily wage labourer in the village. The couple had been married for the last 12 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17053694", "title": "Days after threat call, Ashok Khemka refuses cover", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unfazed by the threat call made to his office two days ago, Haryana whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka, who had cancelled the mutation of Robert Vadra-DLF land deal on October 15, refused security cover on Thursday.Sources said Haryana police have sought help of cyber experts to track the caller. A complaint lodged by staff of Khemka's Panchkula-based office says, \"The caller was abusive...and warned that Khemka would not be spared.\"Shrugging off the threat, Khemka said, \"I want to live like a common man. The security cover is more like a paraphernalia ...a kind of a show to prove that look I am different....I don't want distinction between rulers and ruled, which is created by such paraphernalia.\"Leaving it to the police to take action, the 1991-batch IAS officer said, \"We have provided the cellphone number to police. It takes half an hour to locate the caller.\" Cops should take him into custody and question him, he added.He said the message in the call is that \"you are going to be hounded in an illegal manner if you abide by rule of law or you have to abide by a specific master''.Khemka also said the police had not contacted him. Panchkula deputy commissioner Parul Kush Jain had said on Wednesday that the police were probing the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17056754", "title": "Assam Rifles rescues five China-bound tokay geckos at Moreh", "text": "IMPHAL: Joining the multi-pronged drive against the increasing poaching and smuggling of tokay geckos in the state, Assam Rifles personnel seized five geckos meant to be smuggled to China via Myanmar from two smugglers at the border town of Moreh.Personnel of 9 Assam Rifles launched an operation to curb such smuggling and apprehended the two, along with five specimen of the rare reptile species, at Moreh Gate No 2 on Monday, said Assam Rifles officials here on Thursday.The geckos were supposed to be smuggled from Moreh to Myanmar and were to be sent to China, the statement said, adding that the estimated cost of a gecko is about Rs 30,000 to Rs 40,000 in the local (grey) market.The arrested duo \u00e2\u20ac\u201d W Mani Singh and Ch Rajesh Singh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d along with the geckos were handed over to Manipur forest officials at Moreh. With Monday's seizure, nearly 60 geckos have been rescued from different parts of the state by the police, People for Animals (PFA), Thoubal district and central forces in the past four months.Owing to their purported therapeutic values, tokay geckos have a high demand in some Asian countries, though experts say there is no scientific proof to substantiate claims that the reptiles have any medicinal values.A smuggler can easily fetch up to Rs 20 lakh for a mature gecko weighing around 200gm and measuring 14 inches in these countries.Taking serious note of the reported smuggling of tokay geckos from Manipur to foreign countries, the wildlife crime control bureau urged the Union ministry of forests and environment to include the reptile species in the endangered animals' scheduled list under the Protection of Wildlife Act, 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054617", "title": "Luxury car importer booked for cheating bank of Rs 4 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: A luxury car importer booked for cheating early last year has been arrested on a fresh charge of duping a private sector bank of Rs 4 crore. Sumit Walia alias Sunny Walia was booked by the crime branch a year-and-a-half ago on the complaint of NRI Benoy Berry, who is honorary consul general of the Republic of Burundi to India. In the latest case, Walia is accused of defrauding the bank on the pretext of buying a Bentley car.Walia, a known name in the city's party circles, has provided cars to several politicians and Bollywood actors. Sources say a few of his associates are also being investigated.Last year, the directorate of revenue intelligence had arrested Walia for evading taxes on high-end cars like Mercedez Benz CLS, Hummer, Range Rover and Porsche. He is still under investigation in connection with Berry's complaint that he took away a Range Rover and a Porsche from his (Berry's) premises in Goa and also threatened to kill him.Police sources said Walia would not deliver cars to buyers after receiving payment but would transfer the money to his associates' accounts. Sometimes, he forcibly took away cars he had delivered. Sources said Walia did not supply the ownership documents/sale letters of the cars he imported, and most of these are believed to be stolen from various countries.A case under sections pertaining to criminal conspiracy, cheating and criminal breach of trust was registered against him.Walia is a resident of Vasant Vihar and has been in the car business for many years. Most of the cars he sold were priced Rs 1 crore to Rs 14 crore, and were sourced from his contacts in UK and Ireland. He reportedly uses Dubai as a route to bring in these cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17053970", "title": "New machines to clean Patna Junction", "text": "PATNA: The divisional railway manager (DRM) of Danapur division of East Central Railway, L M Jha, on Thursday inaugurated a mechanized cleaning system at Patna Junction. Altogether 29 machinery equipment were pressed into service at Patna Junction to clean platforms, toilets and tracks. These machines have been purchased at a cost of Rs 62 lakh, said the DRM.According to Jha, Patna Junction has turned into a hub for passengers trains. About one lakh passengers visit the station everyday. Thus, mechanized cleaning has become a must for this crowded station to maintain proper hygiene in and around station premises, he said, adding the mechanized cleaning work would be carried out in morning and evening everyday.He said the mechanized cleaning work would be in addition to daily routine manual cleaning work which is being carried out round-the-clock at Patna Junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055657", "title": "Nominations invited for 'best social workers'", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of social welfare proposes to felicitate 12 best social workers, one in each taluka, at the hands of chief minister Manohar Parrikar on December 19, on the occasion of Goa Liberation Day.The best social worker will be awarded with cash award of 25,000, shawl and shrifal. Prominent social workers may submit their nominations on a plain paper giving full bio-data, photograph, details of the work done in the field of social work, etc, to the director, directorate of social welfare, 18th June Road, Panaji , on or before November 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17056345", "title": "Living in a precarious state of affairs", "text": "RANCHI: Avdhesh Bhuinya of Kenua tarn village in Gaya district of Bihar had come to meet his family members in June this year. Little did he know it would end up being his last visit. On June 10, he along with Fulchand Bhuinya of the same village, were shot dead in police firing. Awdhesh used to work at a sweet meat shop, Lovely Sweet, in Jalandhar. He was identified as a Maoist by the police, though.Fuljhari Devi, widow of Awdhesh and mother of a one-year old has been pleading his innocence before investigating agencies but to no avail. Local social activist and villagers claim that on the same day that he was killed, an encounter took place in Baltharwa village in which one of the policemen was killed and the villagers had an intuition that this would lead to some untoward incident. \"They would not have been killed had they been confined to their homes like the others. It was their mistake that they took their cattle to the nearby 'daura' to make them drink water. The enraged security forces finding them alone opened fire on them and subsequently branded them as Maoists,\" said Roshan Bhuinya a socio-political activist from the region.On the other side of the border, Harihar Bhuinya (55) from Jharkhand has a similar story to tell. He has been accused of a number of criminal cases related to Maoist violence under the Arms Act and Section 17 under the Criminal Law Amendment Act. Resident of Turitola village under Hariharganj police station of Palamu district, police had never seen him before. In May this year, Bihar police was on a patrol after receiving information about Maoist movement. They detained Jagdish Bhuinya and Ramnath Bhuinya along with Surendra Bhuinya in the Aurangabad district of Bihar. \"During interrogation Jagdish, my cousin, was forced to name all the family members and police entered my name in the FIR as an accused,\" said Harihar who has been dodging the police by spending his nights here and there.It is not only the police and Maoists, but also the villagers who are often caught in the turf war among the rebel groups. Dinesh yadav had sold off his ancestral property to construct a home and cowshed in Picholia village under Tandwa PS of Aurangabad district but it was razed to the ground by armed cadres of Tritiya Sammelan Prastuti Committee (TPC). His only fault - Pramod, his younger son is an active member of the CPI Maoists. \"I have disowned Pramod and live here with my elder son Vinod and his family but the TPC will not let me live in peace anymore,\" he said.Local leader of TPC Sikandar visited the village on Tuesday to threaten the villagers to not to speak about anything to the human rights group visiting the Red-hit villages. One of the villagers said, \"Any reporting against Maoist or TPC will land us in lifelong trouble. No one can change our fate. Our problem is that we were born in this village,\" the septuagenarian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17056038", "title": "Less than 30% of selected doctors join govt health services", "text": "LUCKNOW: Less than 30% doctors recently appointed by the state government for Provincial Medical Health Services have confirmed joining. The lukewarm response comes as a jolt to efforts to hire more people for government health services, even as the state government has made provisions for employing doctors who graduated from Russia and China.The government had initiated the process to hire 1,277 doctors in May, which was finalized on September 25. The candidates were supposed to join latest by October 25.On the final day assessment, the health department officials found that only 300 doctors selected by the Uttar Pradesh Public Service Commission had confirmed their joining. Therefore, the authorities have extended the deadline by 20 days.\"November 15 is the last date for the candidates selected in this batch to join,\" said a government officer.This is not the first time that young medical graduates have not joined the medical services. Two rounds of recruitment drives were undertaken prior to the present one. \"As many as 1,700 and 1,400 doctors were to be appointed under the two drives. But only 40% selected candidates actually joined. Many of them quit later on,\" said a senior health official.Government hospitals are reeling under the shortage of doctors. According to statistics available at the state health directorate, the government has sanctioned 14,787 posts for doctors in specialist and general cadre. As may as 9,000 doctors are working against the sanctioned strength. Many of these doctors are deputed on administrative posts, which further increase the demand and supply gap. This may be gauged from the fact that at least 1,500 doctors are posted on non-patient care duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nawanshahr", "code": "17054837", "title": "Two held for abducting, raping minor", "text": "NAWANSHAHR: Police here have arrested two persons for abducting and raping a minor girl. Ranjit Singh of Shahpur Patti village and Amrik Singh of Niyamatpur had allegedly abducted the 16-year-old from her house in Karyam village on Tuesday night.Her brother and family reported the matter to police on Wednesday after they found on Tuesday night that the girl has gone missing. On Wednesday, she was reportedly found at a lonely place, where after she said that she was abducted and raped.SSP Dhanpreet Kaur said that Ranjit Singh and Amrik Singh were arrested on Thursday, adding that medical examination of the victim was also conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17056018", "title": "Of golden promises &amp; 50 years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This Karva Chauth would mark 50 years of fasting and feasting for many couples in Chandigarh and Panchkula. TOI got talking to such couples about the time spent together, the power of their love and the importance the festival holds for them even after all these years.Sumitra Bassi has been fasting for her husband since1962, the year they got married and in return her husband, D D Bassi, has made sure to provide her all the comforts she needs during the festival. And in all these years, Sumitra never had to go out shopping for Karva Chauth, as her doting husband did it for her. \"He has always been very excited about the festival. From footwear to salwar suits, he has been buying it all himself,\" smiles Sumitra. And as she religiously keeps the fast every year, he teases her saying that by fasting she gets him \"insured\" from God. \"On Karva Chauth she gets my insurance done and the next year, she fasts to get it renewed,\" he quips. And it has been a happy journey of togetherness for this couple (both 74), residents of Sector 28.D D Bassi stays with her all day long and as the sun goes down, he keeps checking if the moon has come out. \"Since the very beginning he has been more excited about spotting the moon and now that he has grown old, he keeps sending the house help to see if the moon has come out. He has been telling us the time when the moon will be out since the last five days,\" says Sumitra.Similarly, R C Trigotra, 72, a retired IFS officer and Raj Rani Trigotra, 68, of Sector 9, Panchkula , too would celebrate the festival with fervour, following all the rituals. Married when they were still children, Raj started fasting for her husband only after she moved to her in-laws house. She still does not have a drop of water until she sees the moon and her husband wakes up with her at the time of eating \"sargi.\" \"Having seen me perform various rituals through all this time, now he too knows about all the rituals of the festival and loves to sit besides me while I have 'sargi',\" she smiles.For Indira Sharma, 72, and K K Sharma, 80, residents of Sec 20 here, the festival is as anticipated as it was on their first Karva Chauth. \"The celebrations have been the same for us during all these years of married life. The only thing that has changed now is that medicine follows \"sargi',\" says Indira matter-of-factly. So if she fasts on Karva Chauth, her husband never forgets to buy her a Karva Chauth gift.And all these elderly women are now busy passing on various traditions and customs associated with the festival to their daughters- in-law. \"Our times have gone and now our daughters-in-law will be taking the tradition forward,\" says Indira. With each passing year, the bond of love has only grown for these couples. And as the years have gone by, the Karva Chauth prayers have also changed for these women. Now they not only ask for the long life of their husbands but also wish that they leave the world before them. This often is a matter of quarrel between these couples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059473", "title": "Bangla version of CID will be superhit: Shivaji", "text": "One of the most popular crime shows on TV, CID launched its Kolkata bureau recently in the city. An entirely new series, it will be the regional franchise of the show in Kolkata. Everyone's favourite ACP Pradyuman, Shivaji Satam, was present at the event to introduce the CID Kolkata Bureau cast. The actor seemed ecstatic talking about the new show.Fifteen years in CID, and not a single promotion for ACP Pradyuman. Why? (Laughs) ACP doesn't want a promotion. I have seen that after you're promoted, logon ko kursi par baitha dete hain . I didn't want that to happen. I am happy with what I am doing.How has the show evolved over the last 15 years? It has been an amazing journey. We have evolved as better people now and got emotionally attached with the show. We saw a lot, learnt a lot. Because of the show, our general knowledge has increased. As actors, we also try to experiment. When the character of ACP was first introduced, he was just another officer. Now his thought processes are also shown. I feel blessed to have bagged the role. I keep asking myself for how many more years will this show go on. I hope, forever!How is your equation with Daya (Dayanand Shetty) and Abhijeet (Aditya Srivastava) off screen? It is the same as on screen. In fact, their onscreen equation is an extension of the real life camaraderie. We are like family now. I am their elder brother; they take care of me, love me and respect me. Our relationship has grown over the years.Tell us about your association with Bengal. I love everything Bengali, especially the sweets and fish. I have Bengali friends too who made me taste maachh aar bhaat and jhaal mutton . This time, I couldn't get the sandesh but got to taste nolen gurer ice cream. My wife loves Bengali cotton saris. Also, I love the language. It is so close to Marathi.How do you think the Bangla version of CID will fare? It will be a superhit, even better than the Hindi version. I am very happy something like this is happening. I have heard that the show has been dubbed in south Indian languages too, so Bengal has figured out a much better way of doing it with local actors.Will the Bangla episodes be inspired from crime incidents happening in Bengal? In CID, the episodes are mostly all imaginary, though many times they are inspired from real stories. What would be your tips to the Bengali team of CID? Who am I to give tips? They are all accomplished actors. I wish them all the best. What is the success mantra of the show? God loved, loved and loved CID. On the days the shows are aired, even God sleeps late. Your dialogues are very popular on Facebook... It's a compliment for me. Sometimes the dialogues come spontaneously to me. I often incorporate new things. Otherwise, it gets very boring.Do you read detective novels?  Yes , I love to. Who doesn't love crime stories? I love Marathi writer Baburao Arnalkar's stories. I also read James Headley Chase and John Grisham.Why aren't we seeing you in films anymore? I have been there, done that. I have worked with the best of the actors and directors. CID comes thrice a week, each show is of an hour's duration. Where do I have the time to do anything else? The show is my priority. I can't just disappear from it as and when I desire as I head the team. However, I keep doing Marathi films still as they only ask for four-five days. For Hindi films they ask for 40-50 days! Sometimes I am tempted to ask the producer, am I the hero of the film? See, I have a certain commitment towards CID.You have done a lot of theatre. Do you miss being on stage? I do. Now I sit on the other side and watch the actors and envy them.Have you ever faced a real CID-like situation in life? Once some cops stopped me on the road. I thought that they wanted me to solve some case. It turned out they were looking for a camera to click a picture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056226", "title": "Man dies of swine flu; experts call for caution", "text": "PUNE: A 42-year-old resident of Tilak Road died of swine flu on Wednesday night taking the number of casualties in the city in October to 12.Rajendra Rawade died at the Ruby Hall Clinic of Pneumonitis with acute respiratory disorder syndrome (ARDS).Experts says that at least two or three people are detected with swine flu every day, mostly because basic precautions to keep the infection at bay are not being followed. Be it avoiding crowd, washing hands or vaccination, they are unanimous in their stand that people are not taking enough precautions.\"Swine flu virus has not mutated, hence there is no change in its virulence. But people should exercise caution to ward off the infection,\" said Mandeep Chadha, deputy director, National Institute of Virology ( NIV).Paeditrician Sharad Agarkhedkar said, \"The general inclination among people to vaccinate themselves has gone down. Vaccination is a prudent decision to protect oneself from the infection.\" One must not get infected by a pathogenic virus if there is an alternative as one may not gain immunity from a so-called 'natural' infection, he said. Agarkhedkar said that the immune system may not have a strong enough response to the infection, and may not be able to guard the body against future infection.\"A vaccine dose makes sure that antibodies in adequate measures are produced to fight the infection.\"Another doctor said, \"Individual vaccination, in addition to protecting oneself, also helps protect others from getting the infection.\"\"If one analyses swine flu casualties, it will become clear that most people who died had underlying medical conditions. In about 50% to 60% cases, people had some other disease but since he/she also had swine flu, it was considered a swine flu casualty. But that does not mean that healthy people should not exercise caution. A total of 35% to 40% swine flu deaths are seen in healthy people,\" said state surveillance officer Pradip Awate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055570", "title": "Central subsidy for solar water heating systems", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa energy development agency (GEDA) has introduced a new central government subsidy for solar water heating systems in Goa. Official sources said that for the \"flat plate collector\" (FPC) solar water heating system, the subsidy is 3,300 per sq m of flat plate collector area. (The flat plate collector is the panel that collects the sun's rays).For the \"evacuated tube collector\" (ETC) solar water heating system, the subsidy is 3,000 per sq m of collector area or 30% of the total cost.For a residential house for a family of five, a solar water heating system of 125 litres is required. While a FPC system of this capacity costs 26,500, the subsidy is 6,600. Also, an ETC system of 125 litres costs 20,600 and the subsidy is 4,500.Those wishing to avail of the scheme may contact the GEDA office opposite the Saligao seminary through any of GEDA's 11 authorized dealers all over Goa.The Goa government earlier gave subsidies between 2,000 and 4,000 for domestic purposes only but this has been kept on hold for some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059479", "title": "Poonam Pandey's debut film titled \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNasha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Poonam Pandey's debut film is called Nasha. The former Kingfisher model was signed a while ago by producers Surender Suneja and Aditya Bhatia for their first film.\"It can be Nasha of any sort. There are people who are high on life today. Some people need some nasha as a crutch to move along in life. The film however talks about the addictions of the youth, one of which is connected to the main storyline of the film. This is a film for the youth; it is a coming of age film. It is a film that every moviegoer will identify with,\" says Poonam about her debut film.For director Amit Saxena who has donned the director's hat for the second time in a Hindi feature film after a stint in the US of A, the film is much more than a movie. \" Nasha is a cult title. Till date no feature film with just the word Nasha has been made in the world,\" says Saxena. The first look of the film which was shot recently and a picture leaked out from the said campaign is already creating a buzz.Producer Aditya Bhatia says that the film is for adults only. \"We are making a classy film. Amit has directed Jism earlier with Bipasha Basu and John Abraham and shown the stuff he has been made of. Poonam's growing cult status is an important facet that we cannot overlook. Adult movies are doing well in the cinemas today and we are making movies for the big screen and Nasha will show the world that India can also make bold cinema that is still classy,\" he says clearly.The five alphabets comprising the title of the film have been made using the starcast of the movie. Whose limb was used to make what is however left to the imagination of the audiences. Nasha goes on the floors next week in Mumbai and outdoor locales.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17054262", "title": "Vice-chancellors in Tamil Nadu discover life after 65", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has over the past two days introduced bills to increase the retirement age of vice-chancellors of universities in the state from 65 years to 70 to \"utilise the knowledge and experience gained by academicians\" for the advancement of learning and of research. The bills amended various university acts to increase the age of the superannuation of VCs.The retirement age of VCs of Tamil University, Tamil Nadu Fisheries University, Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University and Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University has also been raised to 70 years.Former heads of state universities have shown that they have much to offer after crossing 65 . For some years now, government varsities have lost able academicians to private institutions, with retired vice-chancellors taking charge of private institutions or deemed universities after their tenures ended in state universities.Former dean of Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (Tanuvas) P Thangaraju was one who proved the need to extend the working careers of senior academics. He retired from Tanuvas in 2006 at 60 and spent a year as registrar at SRM University before being appointed vice-chancellor of Tanuvas in 2007. After a three-year stint as VC he retired in 2010 and returned to SRM as pro vice-chancellor.\"If the retirement age of vice-chancellors of state universities had been 70 at the time, I would have tried to get a second term as VC,\" said Thangaraju, who was responsible for various projects in Tanuvas, which set up an animal stem cell bank under his watch.Former VC of Bharathidasan University from 2007 to 2010, M Ponnavaiko, similarly serves as vice-chancellor of SRM University. An academic said universities in recent years have hesitated to hire candidates as VC once they turned 62 because of their impending retirement. \"The extension of the retirement age for VCs will change this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055677", "title": "Tent shows at Kolkata International Film Festival to remind of Bengal's Take-1", "text": "KOLKATA: For the city's film-buffs, the clock will be turned back by 100 years at the Kolkata International Film Festival that begins on November 10.The audience can duck into a tent at the Nandan premises that will screen Bengali classics from the Thirties and Forties, in homage to the first film shows that were held makeshift camps in the city.While the tent is being named 'Hiralal Sen Mancha' after the man who produced the first local movie clips, many of which were shown in tents in the early years of the last century, the unique idea was also mooted as a tribute to 100 years of Indian cinema.The space between the Nandan complex and Rabindra Sadan, which is generally used for the film market at the festival is being taken over for the tent shows. There will be enough space for 200 viewers, the authorities say.Films like \"Mukti\", produced and directed by the legendary Pramathesh Barua, could be screened at the tent. New Theatres classics from the late Thirties and early Forties might also feature.\"Only black and white vintage classics will be shown at the tent for it is going to be a nostalgia trip and an attempt to recreate history. While the tent might not be exactly the same as the ones that would be used for shows in Kolkata a century ago, it will certainly give the audience a feel of the past,\" the official said. The number of shows at the tent could be restricted, though, for vintage classics might not hold much interest for the film festival audience\"It's a tribute and won't be a permanent fixture at the festival,\" he added.Hiralal Sen screened the first movie clips in Kolkata between 1901 and 1904. He was inspired a foreign film clip that had been shown at the Star Theatre in 1898 titled \"The Flower of Persia\". A year later, he purchased a bioscope from the Warwick Trading Company in London and started his own shows.They would either be screened in theatre halls, during intervals or at makeshift tents, often at the Maidan. Sen had even floated a company titled \"Royal Bioscope in partnership with his brother.Sen made films such as Bhramar, Hariraj and Buddhadev between 1901 and 1904. It eventually led him to produce his longest film, Alibaba and the Forty Thieves in 1903. He also made several local views and newsfilms, advertising films and organized private shows for the elite. As newer film ventures entered the market Royal Bioscope's fortunes declined, and production was called off in 1913.Sadly, all of Sen's films were destroyed in a fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054269", "title": "Safilguda road-under-bridge work on a standstill", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was six months ago that the South Central Railway sanctioned about Rs 32 crore for constructing a road-under-bridge (RuB) at Safilguda level crossing, much to relief of the residents. Later, the plan was stalled as the authorities were considering widening the existing RuB at Uttam Nagar nearby. Six months later, the plan is still being considered as no work has taken place on the site. The traffic situation has only gotten worse leaving denizens fuming.Dhan Singh, engineer-in-chief, GHMC said, \"The plan was put on hold as improving the existing RuB at Uttam Nagar which is just around 400 metres from Safilguda level crossing seemed like a better option. The proposal is being considered and the funds may be directed to this project after approval.\" Meanwhile, new developments have given people more reason to worry. Officials from GHMC revealed that the latest development in the plan was to completely close the Safilguda level crossing once the work at Uttam Nagar was done.The residents believe that closing the level crossing will only add to their traffic woes. Vidya Suresh, who has been staying there for around 30 years said, \"Closing the level crossing will only make things worse as the bridge in Uttam Nagar is very low and will create problems for the several heavy vehicles that use this route daily. The traffic snarls caused by the level crossing are only getting worse every year with increased vehicles using the same road. For the last three years, authorities have been promising a bridge there but nothing has been done yet.\" She added that sometimes two or three trains go by consecutively, bringing the vehicles on the narrow road to a complete halt for around 30 minutes to an hour.The level crossing in question is on one of the arterial roads in the area used by thousands of heavy vehicles, four wheelers and two wheelers to go from Safilguda, Anandbagh, Neredmet and other surrounding areas to Secunderabad and back daily. The narrow road only accommodates around three lanes of traffic and is also elevated just before the crossing, increasing the risk of accidents. Commuters added that the recent attempt by the traffic police to decrease the congestion there by placing temporary dividers had only resulted in chaos during the rush hour.Residents of the area near the Uttam Nagar RuB too are unhappy with this development. \"Ours is a residential area. The roads are narrow and there are not many speed breakers. If the entire traffic is diverted from here then it will definitely cause many accidents and endanger our children's lives who frequently play on the streets,\" said Vijay Raj, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17054941", "title": "Motorists flout UP govt order", "text": "NOIDA: A day after Uttar Pradesh government issued directives to petrol pump owners to not give fuel to two-wheeler riders without helmets, outlets were busy retailing fuel without adhering to the order. Thursday was also the launch of the month-long road safety drive, however, cops seemed unaware of the order that was given at the behest of state transport minister, Raja Aridaman Singh.Not only commuters, but even a cop without helmet was seen being dispensed fuel at a petrol pump. \"We have not received any circular or orders from the district administration,\" said Dharamveer Chowdhary, president of the Petrol Pump Dealers' Association. \"Moreover, even when we do get the directions, we are unsuccessful in implementing it. We need police presence at the pumps as commuters get rude and do not listen to us. It is for the police to educate commuters about the importance of wearing helmets and not ours to implement,\" Chowdhary said.A similar order was issued by the district magistrate in May last year to curb the menace of youth not wearing helmets while riding two-wheelers to control the rising road accident graph. \"Though the campaign was unique, implementation by the petrol pump owners and the police left much to be desired,\" said a retired government official and resident of Noida.According to senior traffic police officers, while Noida and Greater Noida's broad roads give enough space to vehicles, they also turn into death traps due to rash driving without helmets and seat belts. A number of accidents have been reported in this regard. A study by the district police reveals that every 36 hours a person dies and three sustain injuries on the roads of Noida and Greater Noida. In 2011, their data shows that there were a total of 939 road accidents of which 380 were fatal and 726 people were injured. \"This year, up to August, 539 accidents have already been reported. Of these, 371 commuters were injured while 229 people lost their lives,\" said Dharmender Singh Yadav, traffic inspector.\"Though we are yet to receive formal directions from the government about the 'no helmet, no petrol' order, this month we are not going to let traffic offenders go scot free. We will generate a consensus among people about the rules relating to helmets and seat belts to minimize the chaos on roads stemming from commuters breaking traffic rules. We have planned a detailed campaign with a focus on road safety as well as educating drivers on traffic norms,\" said MP Singh, SP (traffic).\"Violation of rules, especially not wearing helmets, is a normal affair in the city and that has resulted in an alarming situation,\" said Singh. \"Since January to September this year, 40,444 challans have been issued by us to commuters for traffic violations resulting in fines amounting to nearly Rs 30 lakh,\" he said.\"We will fine erring motorists during the month-long drive too.Speeding motorists, using pressure horns and mobile phones, riding two-wheelers without helmets, driving without seat belts and drunk drivers are under scanner. Since we often receive complaints about cops misbehaving with motorists, we will also organize intensive training programs for our personnel, educating them on to be polite and citizen-friendly,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17055058", "title": "Woman I-T officer caught accepting Rs 1.5 lakh bribe", "text": "THANE: A woman income tax (I-T) officer was remanded in police custody till Saturday after being caught red-handed by CBI sleuths accepting a bribe from a Thane builder. Accused Madhavi Chavan was picked up from the Wagle Estate I-T office late on Wednesday after she accepted Rs 1.5 lakh from Sandeep Salvi, a partner in a construction firm which has projects in Chiplun and Roha in the Konkan region.Salvi and his associate Rajabhau Patkar had complained to the anti-corruption wing of the CBI in Mumbai about the alleged harassment and cash demand made by Chavan. They claimed Chavan had contacted them in September and said her superiors had issued orders for scrutiny of their tax papers. Patkar claimed Chavan asked them to pay Rs 10 lakh to cancel the scrutiny orders.\"We did not respond to her then as she had made excessive demands and our papers were in perfect order. In October, she repeated the threats and said an order had been issued for a search on our premises and that we should pay up to cancel the order,\" Patkar claimed. After negotiations and much haggling, the two businessmen persuaded Chavan to accept Rs 6 lakh to cancel orders against them.The first installment of Rs 1.5 lakh was to be paid on Wednesday. and it was decided that the remaining amount would be paid before Diwali.The developers filed a written complaint with the Mumbai wing of the CBI, whose officers accompanied them to the I-T office when the bribe transaction was to be conducted. Recorders fixed on the businessmen reportedly are believed to have revealed that Chavan readily accepted the cash and also directed them to pay the remainder before the end of the festive season.CBI personnel swooped in on Chavan as soon as she accepted the cash. Chavan is believed to have pleaded innocence and said that claimed she was merely collecting the bribe on behalf of her senior officer.During searches at Chavan's official and residential premises, documents pertaining to this case and those relating to investments made by the accused were recovered and seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17056391", "title": "Siblings' killer gets death sentence", "text": "COIMBATORE: R Manoharan (26), the lone surviving accused in the sensational Muskan and Hrithik Jain murder case that rocked the state two years ago, was awarded double death sentence by a trial court in the city on Thursday.Pronouncing the verdict, Mahila court judge M P Subramanian also awarded three life sentences to Manoharan for various crimes including conspiracy, rape, abduction and kidnapping for ransom. He was also sentenced to three years of rigorous imprisonment for concealment of evidence.The judge said the accused was found guilty under the charges of conspiracy, abduction, rape, murder and concealment of evidence. The court examined 47 witnesses and verified 69 documentary evidences before pronouncing the sentence. The judge said capital punishment was unavoidable and that it would send a strong warning to those who commit crimes against women and children. The culprit deserves no mercy and he must be hanged till death, the court observed.According to prosecution, Muskan Jain (10) and her brother Hrithik Jain (7), children of a textile merchant in Range Gowder Street, were abducted by a call taxi driver Mohan alias Raja alias Mohanakrishnan on October 29, 2010. The girl was raped and the boy tortured before they were drowned at the PAP canal near Pollachi the same day. Both Mohanakrishnan and his accomplice, Manoharan of Angalakurichi near Pollachi, were arrested within two days after the crime took place.Mohanakrishnan, 27, was shot by the police on November 9, 2010 while he was being taken to the scene of crime. Police claimed he was shot when he tried to escape from the police vehicle after assaulting those who escorted him.After the verdict was delivered, a visibly shaken Manoharan requested that the judge hear him without the presence of police officials. The judge said rules don't permit him to hear the culprit after pronouncing the verdict. However, he reminded Manoharan of his right to appeal against the verdict.Manoharan claimed that he was innocent and broke down in court. His aged parents, Ramasamy and Selvi, who were present in the packed court room, also broke down after hearing the sentence.Special public prosecutor U Sankaranarayanan represented the prosecution while advocate A Sharmila appeared on behalf of Manoharan. After the court proceedings ended at 5.30pm, Manoharan was taken back to the Coimbatore Central Prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17053838", "title": "Thieves target 4 houses in 4 hours", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four house break-ins within few hours, that too during the daytime, have baffled cops.A gang of thieves broke into four houses in a residential scheme on Sarkhej-Gandhinagar Highway on Wednesday and decamped with goods worth more than Rs 5 lakh. The gang is believed to have targeted the houses in the afternoon between 12 noon and 4 pm.According to Vastrapur police, Rajat Basavraj, living in D wing of Western Park behind Gurudwara in Bodakdev, reported a break-in at his house on Wednesday. As per his complaint, he works with a private firm whereas his wife is employed with a hotel on SG Road. The duo was out since 10.30 am on Wednesday. When his wife returned home at 7.45 pm, she found lock broken.\"The thieves had used a wench-like instrument to break the lock. The thieves stole $5,500, Euro 1,400, Rs 4,000 and gold jewellery, all worth Rs 3.5 lakh,\" police said.The gang then targeted another flat on fourth floor from where they stole gold jewellery and cash worth Rs 2.40 lakh, said police.The same gang then visited E block where they targeted two flats on first floor. The house owners, however, did not report anything stolen. Officials believe that the gang members might not have enough time to enter and fled from the spot in a jiffy.\"We suspect that the thieves might have come posing as salesmen or technicians for repairs. However, how they succeeded in the break-ins despite closely-knit flats is to be investigated. Questioning of the security personnel and nearby residents is on to get clues such as the thieves' description,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17059100", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar recalls gourmet delights", "text": "MUMBAI: Sachin Tendulkar took a trip down memory lane and for a change, it was not cricket that he talked about.The veteran batsman, instead, spoke of his gastronomic experiences while travelling with the team all over the country and the world in his over two-decade career.And the interesting trivia included how he skipped lunch and polished off a large bowl of ice-cream before facing the pace attack from Pakistani trio of Wasim Akram , Waqar Younis and Shoaib Akhtar at the high voltage match between arch-rivals India and Pakistan in 2003 World Cup.India had won the match by six wickets and Tendulkar, who had some cramps while batting, was adjudged man of the match for the game after his knock of 98 runs from 75 balls.Revealing his fascination for good food, the veteran batsman shared his 'delicious' tour memories at a cook book launch event on Thursday night.\"At lunch time I only had ice-cream. I didn't have anything else. I had my headphones on, and didn't want to listen to anyone. I knew what was wanted at that particular moment. All I did was grab a huge bowl of ice-cream and finished it. I had told when the umpires walk out please let me know. The umpires walked out and I removed my headphones and walked out to bat. In the meanwhile the ice-cream was delicious,\" he said.He said the team had street food in South Africa to celebrate the victory.\"Immediately after the match, we decided wherever we go this evening, we have to be together. It was a big day and we needed to celebrate together. So we went and had street food together. We enjoyed ourselves. That match was one of the most important games of that tournament.\"People had told me a year before the match, that come what may, you need to win this match. So after that, the whole team decided wherever we go, whatever we do we will be together. This was one of those big nights where every little thing we remember and we cherish those moments because it doesn't happen again,\" he said.The senior cricketer further said he gorged on Pakistani food and had piled on a few kilos on his debut tour there.\"The first tour of Pakistan was a memorable one. I used to have a heavy breakfast which was keema paratha and then have a glass of lassi and then think of dinner. After practice sessions there was no lunch because it was heavy but also at the same time delicious. I wouldn't think of having lunch or snack in the afternoon. I was only 16 and I was growing,\" Tendulkar recalled.\"It was a phenomenal experience, because when I got back to Mumbai and got on the weighing scale I couldn't believe myself. But whenever we have been to Pakistan, the food has been delicious. It is tasty and I have to be careful for putting on weight,\" he said.The leading run scorer in world cricket added that cooking relaxes him and he had once cooked for the entire team, something none of his teammates have done so far.\"In 1997 or 1998, we were in Delhi. The entire team was at Ajay Jadeja's place for dinner and I had gone there half an hour earlier to prepare baingan bharta for the whole team,\" he said.A self-proclaimed foodie, Tendulkar said he cooks for his family on special occasions and his wife enjoys the fish curry he makes.\"I have cooked for her (wife Anjali). I still do sometimes. Not on a regular basis but sometimes I do cook breakfast for Sara (daughter), Arjun (son) and Anjali. Earlier it was on a regular basis but now only on special occasions.\"I cook various things like fish curry and prawn masala, which I obviously learnt from my mother. She taught me couple of things ages ago and I experimented with it and made Anjali try, which wasn't too bad. She says it is the best fish curry she has had in her life,\" he said.The veteran batsman said in his pre-teen years, he only had Maharashtrian food and once he started travelling, he learnt to try new cuisines.\"I travelled to England and that was the first time I heard that cold chicken was also meant to be eaten. I got used to that. As the time went by I learnt to deal with all these things and develop a taste for that,\" Tendulkar said.\"I think cricket was so important and so exciting that we used to forget about food. The evening was a little difficult. Those days you could afford to eat burgers but not at this stage.\"\"With travelling and more exposure, I was open to trying out new things. In the 25 years of travelling I have tasted all kinds of cuisine and have enjoyed it. I appreciate good food and good taste. Sometimes it is good to eat whatever you like and not think about the diet,\" he said adding that London is one of his favourite places in terms of variety of cuisines available.The 39-year-old said he is a big fan of Japanese cuisine and had taken Suresh Raina once with him to a restaurant though unsure about the end result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17055509", "title": "JCB plant in Jaipur to start functioning by 2013 end", "text": "JAIPUR: Construction equipment manufacturer JCB India, a subsidiary of UK-based JC Bamford Excavators has shown keen interest to foray in tractor and generators manufacturing in India.This was revealed in an exclusive interview to TOI by company's chairman Anthony Bamford on Thursday. He shared his vision for the company in India.With 20% of the company's volume coming from agriculture equipment, including tractor under brand name Fastrac, the company is viewing India as another potential market. \"So far we have restricted to specific products in the country but we may make tractors for Indian markets,\" Bamford said.The company has a product range of almost 300 but in India it sells only 26 with major emphasis on backhoe loaders, compactors and pick and carry cranes. In Indian market, JCB is very likely to source its high-end engine technology to other manufacturing units and develop its own range of generators. \"We already sell 10% of our engines to other companies outside India. I am sure we will be looking forward for other derivatives and to sell generators. Our engines are fuel efficient, low maintenance and leak proof,\" Bamford said.He said JCB has made its single biggest investment in of Rs 500 crore to set up a manufacturing plant in Mahindra World City (SEZ) in Jaipur. The plant is expected to start production by 2013 end. \"It is very expensive investment for us and there is probably no need for further expansion. But market will finally dictate our strategies in the country\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17054995", "title": "Wipro spins off non-IT arms to focus on core business", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro announced on Thursday that it would hive off its non-IT businesses into a separate unlisted company so that it could focus exclusively on information technology. The markets cheered the demerger plan. On the BSE , the shares of India's third largest IT company closed at Rs 361, up 3% compared to Wednesday's close.T K Kurien, CEO of Wipro's IT business, said creating a technology-focused company would \"allow us to better serve the needs of our customers, and accelerate investments necessary to capitalize on market growth opportunities\".CFO Suresh Senapaty said the demerger would be effective from April 2012. \"Our non-IT businesses have reached a critical mass and we realize that they need an independent entity for further growth,\" he said. The demerger will also improve Wipro's margin profile, given that the margins in the non-IT businesses are lower. TOI had reported on Thursday that a demerger was being discussed and could happen soon.The new company, to be called Wipro Enterprises, will include Wipro Consumer Care &amp; Lighting (including the furniture business), Wipro Infrastructure Engineering (hydraulics &amp; water businesses), and medical diagnostic product &amp; services business (through its joint venture with GE ).JM Financial and Citigroup were advisers to Wipro on the demerger. Under the demerger plan, Wipro shareholders have three options. They can receive one equity share with face value of Rs10 in Wipro Enterprises for every five equity shares of Rs 2 each in Wipro that they hold; or receive one 7% redeemable preference share in Wipro Enterprises, with face value of Rs 50, for every five equity shares of Wipro that they hold; or exchange the equity shares of Wipro Enterprises and receive as consideration equity shares of Wipro held by the promoter. The exchange ratio will be 1 equity share in Wipro for every 1.65 shares in Wipro Enterprises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17056053", "title": "During diwali cracker shops in Lucknow to have fireproof wiring", "text": "LUCKNOW: Officiating Lucknow district magistrate Aditi Singh has ordered installation of fireproof electrical wiring in all cracker shops that would be set up during Diwali.Licensee cracker shop owners will be allowed to set up shop in places earmarked for cracker markets.In a separate order, they have been told to wind up the shops by November 14.An official statement by Singh stated that shopkeepers will have to take all measures to minimise damage caused by fire, if any.As per the orders, use of fireproof wires has been made mandatory.All shops will have separate wiring and a main switch would be installed outside each shop.The shopkeepers have been told to use only CFLs to light up their shops which will be raised only with the use of tin sheets and iron angles.The use of cloth and anything which is volatile has been banned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17053961", "title": "10,000 cops to be deployedin Patna for Adhikar Rally", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar , along with other leaders of the JD-U, on Thursday evening inspected the ongoing preparations for the much-publicized Adhikar Rally at Gandhi Maidan here.After over an hourlong inspection, the CM said, \"A parallel stage is being made where the JD-U dignitaries would be seated. The main stage would be positioned in such a manner that every participant can see the speakers.\" He also inspected the sitting arrangement and loud speakers at the venue.\"The strong voice for special category status to Bihar from here will be heard everywhere and the Centre can no longer deny Bihar this privilege,\" Nitish said. He refused to hazard a guess about the number of participants at the rally, but said, \"With my experience I can say that people from all parts of the state will come. This (special category status) is the demand of over 10 crore people of the state.\"The Patna police is making elaborate security arrangements to thwart any untoward incident on the day of Adhikar Rally. Police sources said the law enforcement agencies were prepared to handle over lakhs of people attending the rally. \"Around 5,000 policemen from other districts and 5,000 policemen from Patna police would be deployed at different strategic points in the city. The control room will start functioning from November 3,\" said SP (city) Jayant Kant.He told TOI on Thursday that 1,000 policemen would be deployed in and around Gandhi Maidan to 'manage' the crowd. Quick reaction teams would be deployed at Gandhi Maidan, bus stands, taxi stands, railway station and market places.\"Altogether 4,150 policemen - including 450 officers, 60 DSPs and 14 commandants of Bihar Military Police - have reached Patna from different districts like Rohtas, Chhapra, Gopalganj, Muzaffarpur etc,\" said the City SP.He added, \"Twelve mobile anti-riot vehicles would be positioned at different locations in the city. While five of them would be deployed around Gandhi Maidan, the rest would be deployed at important intersections like Dak Bungalow crossing, Income-Tax roundabout, R-Block, Patna junction, Exhibition road, Gandhi Setu and Bailey road.\" Also, JCB machines, fire tenders, sniffer dogs and bomb disposal squads would remain on standby at Gandhi Maidan. The security personnel on duty would include 650 women constables.The forces have started coming to the state capital from November 1. \"Patrolling across the state capital has been intensified to ward off any trouble. From November 3 to till the rally at Gandhi Maidan ends, the deployment of force would continue,\" said the City SP.Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has repaired nine vapour lights inside the Gandhi Maidan and deployed one dedicated sanitation worker to keep clean the five lavatories at the ground. PMC has also deployed 150 extra workers to speed up the rally preparation work at the venue. Five mobile Sulabh lavatories have also been positioned around the Gandhi Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17055982", "title": "No tolerance for trouble makers: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Emphasising that the state government would follow a zero tolerance policy towards trouble makers in the state, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday said that he would deal strictly with anyone intent on disrupting the communal harmony in UP. Saying that his government had proven its intent in clamping down on criminal elements in Faizabad, and added that his government would not allow a repeat of such incidents. In Moradabad to attend a wedding ceremony, Akhilesh also said that the government would take a decision on the city's master plan within a month.tnn He said that the state government is committed to all-round development of Uttar Pradesh and it would accelerate the pace of development. Referring to facilities for students in primary schools, the CM also said a law would soon be enforced to ensure same facilities are extended to students in government and primary schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17055036", "title": "Infosys on major austerity drive, defers joining dates of 17,000 recruits", "text": "BANGALORE: Falling margins and an unplanned salary increase have pushed Infosys to embark on a major austerity drive. The details are not clear yet, but it certainly includes a freeze on business class air travel and deferment of joining dates of 17,000 campus recruits.The IT major's CEO, S D Shibulal , has sent a mail to employees saying that the company's expenditure for the year had risen too high on account of its Lodestone acquisition and salary increase. The mail goes on to say that the cost-cutting measures would be implemented in a phased manner.A company spokesperson said, \"In a tough business environment, Infosys has decided to take certain cost optimization measures. These are necessary for the company to continue making strategic investments and afford the rollout of the compensation increase.\"The joining dates for campus recruits have been deferred for three months from the date of joining that was communicated to them previously. Several people tweeted that their joining dates had been extended to February; some said April.The Infosys spokesperson said the company would honour all campus offers. The company has introduced an online training programme to keep these new hires engaged till they formally start work. \"The completion of this training will not only give these recruits a headstart in their career with Infosys, but also reduce their planned six months training programme at our Mysore campus by up to two months,\" the spokesperson said.Anticipating a bevy of queries from thousands of campus recruits for specifics around the deferred joining dates, Infosys has set up an exclusive online chat line. \"This will help us address additional queries from them and also help them gather details about our online training programme. This will be in addition to our personal communication and addressing queries through emails,\" the company said.There's also a freeze on long-haul business class air travel by its senior executives, including the CEO. \"Business class is a privilege available to senior leaders in the company for long haul travel. In our drive to optimize travel costs, the senior leadership has decided to lead by example and forgo this privilege,\" the company said.Infosys's operating margin has been dropping consistently for several quarters now. In the quarter ended December 2011, it had a 31.2% operating margin, but this was down at 26.34% in the last quarter. The September quarter alone saw a surprisingly sharp fall of 166 basis points. The salary increase of 6% announced last month, which many believe was done under pressure because rivals had given increments earlier in the year, will increase margin pressures in the coming quarters. Infosys normally announces salary increases in April, but this year it did not do so citing uncertain business conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059317", "title": "Will Tabu make a big comeback with Life of Pi?", "text": "On eve of her 42nd birthday we ask numerologist on what's in store for the talented actress.Tabu might not be seen in films as often but her acting prowess remained unchallenged. The actress will soon be seen in Ang Lee's 'Life of Pi'. On eve of her 42nd birthday we ask astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi on what's in store for the talented actress.\"Tabu was born on 4th November 1970 which makes her a Number 4 (Rahu) person in numerology. She is a Scorpion (ruler Mars - Number 9) and her destiny number adds up to Number 5 (Mercury)\", explains Bhavikk.\"Tabu will now enter the 43rd year of her life which will prove to be one of the best times for her on the personal as well as professional front\" predicts Bhavikk. \"Her soon-to-released film 'Life Of Pi' will do astounding business at the box office and as usual her performance in the film will draw the attention of not only national, but international audiences\".\"She should spell her name as 'TABUU' and wear a Red Coral on her ring finger made in gold on a Tuesday morning (one hour after sunrise) to help her find a true life partner with whom she can settle down by 2014\", he states clearly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17056703", "title": "Special events on Bhupen death anniversary", "text": "GUWAHATI: Dr Bhupen Hazarika Cultural and Literary Forum will organize special events, including a human chain and pledge, on the occasion of the first death anniversary of the music maestro. Tez Hazarika, the bard's son, will also be present.Tez will be at the helm in forming a human chain with members of the forum and people. The anniversary will be observed on November 5. \"Tez Hazarika has specially come here for his father's death anniversary. He has already performed the rites as per Hindu and Assamese tradition. And this time, his mother is also accompanying him, which itself becomes an emotional occasion for them. The people of Assam respect Hazarika and the forum will try to relive his memories. The event, which will be organized by the forum, will be led by Amarjyoti Choudhury, who is the president of the forum,\" said Vedanta Sharma, the general secretary of Dr Bhupen Hazarika Cultural and Literary Forum.\"The human chain will commence at Latasil. There will also be a pledge ceremony to uphold the humanitarian philosophies of Hazarika. Following this, there will be mass singing of Bhupenda's \"manuhe manuhor babe\" to bring forth the need for peace and understanding among people. There will also be poetry recitation by Amarjyoti Choudhury,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17056445", "title": "Lecturer robbed of life's savings in Palanpur", "text": "PALANPUR: Two motorcycle-borne miscreants snatched a bag containing Rs 9 lakh belonging to a college lecturer in Jampura locality of Palanpur on Thursday.Sources said Mahesh Makwana had withdrawn the money from a bank and was going on a scooter along with a colleague Bipin Dhandhukiya as his pillion rider holding the bag. All of a sudden two persons approached them on a motorcycle and swiftly snatched the bag. They sped away from the spot before the scooter riders could react.The accused had reportedly been following the scooter right from the bank and were waiting for the victim to reach an isolated spot.\"We are examining the closed circuit television footage at the bank. We are trying our best to trace the culprits,\" superintendent of police, Banaskantha Ashok Kumar said. Makwana had planned to book a house in a newly developed society with the cash that he had withdrawn from his general provident fund account. \"This was my entire life's saving,\" Makwana said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054627", "title": "Water from both Jamghat and Pench needed: Nagpur Municipal Corporation", "text": "NAGPUR: Alarmed by decision of water resources department (WRD) to stop providing 78 million metric cubic metres (mm3) water from Totladoh dam to the city after Jamghat project becomes functional, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has written to it stressing it needed both.Mayor Anil Sole, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane and water supply chairman Sudhakar Kohale had held a review meeting on NMC's water projects on Thursday. Project director Prakash Urade told them that NMC would get 9 thousand million cubic feet (TMC) water from Jamghat project. It gets 190 mm3 at present of which 78 mm3 is provided under temporary reservation. In 2031, the population of city and metro region would be 80 lakh and the entire quantity would be needed, he said.A 70-km long pipeline would be laid under Jamghat project. NMC was not in a position to bear its cost and hence would ask state government to pay the money. Urade stated that the completion of Pench IV project would take several more months as NMC had just received permission from forest department to chop trees at water treatment plant (WTP) site. The work on the plant would begin in a week. The intake well on Kamptee-Khairi was 80% complete, only 3 km pipeline needed to be laid and 12 elevated storage reservoirs (ESRs) would be completed by March 2013.Later, Wardhane told media that the pace of laying of pipelines by Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) had increased. \"I am not totally satisfied but they are showing significant improvement. When I took over, 32 km pipeline had been laid. Now it is 49 km. On my orders, they are using horizontal boring machines which reduce use of shovels and spades and speeds up work,\" he saidOn centre's warning to OCWL for slow pace of 24x7 project work, he said a reply had been sent that against the target of 25%, 23% had been completed. NMC would ask for the second 24x7 project installment in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17054870", "title": "Mystery shrouds poisonous gas leakage in Jalandhar", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as around 20 persons were taken ill and four hospitalized following leakage of some poisonous gas in nearby Waryana village on Wednesday night, the source of it could not be identified till Thursday evening.Meanwhile, when asked, the Punjab Pollution Control Board, ruled out the possibility of gas leakage in two nearby cold stores. \"Several men were working at the cold stores till late night and if any leakage had taken place then they should also have been affected, but noting happened to them,\" said PPCB execitive engineer Manohar Lal Chohan.Residents of the village had complained of uneasiness, vomiting and giddiness at around 9 pm and around two were taken ill. As the residents fled their homes with fear four women were rushed to Civil Hospital where they were stated to be out of danger.\"They were being discharged as their condition had turned normal,\" said Jalandhar civil surgeon Dr R L Bassan.Even as PPCB is ruling out leakage of any gas from the cold stores, it could not tell that from which source the gas emanated and this situation was created that people fell ill and panic gripped the area.\"It is not any industrial leakage and now rest of the option would have been worked out by the industries department, police and health department,\" he said.SDM II Isha Kalia, who had also rushed to the spot on Tuesday late night said the source of gas leakage was not yet known. \"I am still waiting for the industries department report as the source was still a mystery,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17056661", "title": "Kerala University launches web portal for research activities", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Industries minister P K Kunhalikutty on Thursday launched a new web portal exclusively dedicated to research-related activities at the Kerala University.Universities play a major role in imparting new ideas to the society, he said while inaugurating the portal.The new portal would deal with applications for entrance examination for research purposes to matters relating to the evaluation of the research thesis. A candidate can handle research registration memo, processing of applications relating to course work, hall ticket and pass certificate through the portal.The portal also provides space for research guides to publish all their academic details. The portal was designed by the computer centre of the university. Kerala University vice-chancellor A Jayakrishnan, who presided over the function, said that the university would become a 'paperless university' in the next five years.Memorabilia counter: The university has launched a memorabilia counter titled 'Smaranika', where one can shop various gifts with the emblem and logo of the university imprinted on them.The gifts include postcards, cups, T-shirts and paintings. The counter has been opened at the senate campus of the university, which was inaugurated by N Radhakrishnan, chairman of the Gandhi Smaraka Nidhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17054868", "title": "Back-to-back daylight robbery attempts at DLF III U-block", "text": "GURGAON: In a daytime robbery attempt on Thursday afternoon, two robbers knocked on the doors of two houses of U block in DLF III on the pretext of giving wedding invitation cards.In the first house, a woman refused to take the card and in the second house when the woman came out to take the card, the robbers tried to snatch her gold chain and also tried to assault her. When the woman raised an alarm, the robbers fled the spot in their car. The incidents instilled fear in the residents of the area. When contacted, Jagdish Prashad, SHO, DLF II police station, told TOI that no complaint had been received yet.A similar incident took place on October 3 when a robber had come in a top-end car and knocked the door of a ground floor house (No. M-4/21) on the pretext of giving a wedding invitation card. He had then asked the lady of the house, Rajkumari, who had received him for a cup of tea.When Rajkumari went inside to prepare tea, the man stole around Rs 3 lakh from the cupboard in the room. By the time Rajkumari came with tea from the kitchen, the man was missing. When Rajkumari found the cash missing in the cupboard, she had contacted the security guard who had seen the man speed away in %a car.The man had come as a guest and left with his booty. Three days after the incident police had lodged an FIR against the unknown person and so far there has been no headway in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17055566", "title": "Bus driver booked for lecturer's death", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police booked bus driver, Sayyad Jamasaab Nadaf, of Bhoma, for culpable homicide of lecturer Pratiksha Dessai, 27, a resident of Talaulim-Ponda, who died in the accident at Konem-Priol in Ponda taluka on Wednesday afternoon.The bus was driven by Nadaf at full speed and he was attempting to overtake another vehicle without noticing the oncoming tanker and collided with it, police said.\"Thus, he was responsible for the accidental death of the woman and injuring others,\" a police official said. Nadaf was not arrested as he was under treatment at the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17053842", "title": "Gang of highway robbers busted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang of highway robbers was busted by the crime branch on Thursday. Seven members of the gang were arrested with a looted truck loaded with Rs 12.39 lakh worth of iron rods used for building construction.The operation was triggered by a tip-off received by Taral Bhatt and Dipak Korat, sub-inspectors of crime branch, about movement of some suspicious persons near the Narol circle. The men had approached several traders and offered to sell a truck laden with iron rods.Plainclothesmen posing as customers approached the robbers and offered to buy the consignment. \"We got suspicious since there are very few instances where traders offer to sell a truck along with goods,\" said crime branch officials.Convinced by their act, the gang members took the cops to their loaded truck. Those arrested are Sowan Singh Rawat, Bhagwan Singh Rawat, Manohar Singh Rawat, Pushpendra Singh Rawat, Dharmendra Singh Rawat, Kaluram Naik and Sukhdev Singh Rajput, all residents of Rajasthan .During questioning, the accused told the police that they had looted the truck near Vaso village in Kheda district recently.Crime branch has contacted the Kheda police and called the complainant in the case for his statement.\"The complainant told us that he and his helper were driving the truck to Vadodara for delivery of the iron rods. In the afternoon, the robbers forced them to stop on the highway near Vaso. The robbers, who were in a car, picked a fight with the truck driver over a trivial issue,\" said a crime branch official.The robbers then dragged the truck driver and his helper out of the vehicle and threatened to take him to the Vaso police station.\"They forced the truck driver to get into their car while two of the robbers drove the truck. Midway, the truck driver got suspicious about their motive. Incidentally, the car broke down on way and seizing this opportunity the truck driver and his assistant shouted for help. When people from a nearby restaurant rushed out, the robbers pushed the duo out of the car and sped away,\" said crime branch officials. Later, the truck driver registered a complaint in the Vaso police station.Police said that the gang members were earlier arrested by Rajsamand and Bhima police of Rajasthan. \"We have intimated the Kheda and Rajasthan police officials for further investigations,\" said a crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "doimukh", "code": "17056764", "title": "Tuki completes 1 year in office", "text": "DOIMUKH: The Arunachal Congress on Thursday celebrated successful completion of one year of the Nabam Tuki government in the state. Tuki was sworn in as the seventh chief minister of the state on November 1 last year.Addressing a party rally here, Union DoNER minister Paban Singh Ghatowar said the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre was well aware of the problems of the northeastern states and fully committed to the development of the region.Referring to the various packages issued by the UPA government to Arunachal, Ghatowar informed that the ambitious Rs 24,000-crore developmental package announced for the state during 2008 by the Prime Minister was an example of special attachment of the Centre with the people of the state.\"The Centre has already sanctioned Rs 6,000 crore for the 1,325 km Trans Arunachal Highway (TAH) to provide inter-district connectivity in the state. Construction work is going on in full swing,\" he said, adding that once the project is completed, people of the state will no longer have to go through Assam to reach other places in Arunachal.He said the Centre has also sanctioned an amount of 383 crore for constructing 223 km of roads in border areas, while an amount of 3000 crore had been provided for double laning of the existing road from Banderdewa to Hollongi across the state capital.\"My ministry is supporting the proposal of the state government for all-weather roads in all untouched blocks and accordingly I have approached the concerned ministries for an early sanction of fund,\" he said. Under PMGSY, he said, construction of roads in 298 habitations, out of total 350 habitations in Arunachal Pradesh, has already started with special dispensation from the Centre in terms of population criteria.Addressing the rally organized by the Block Congress Committee here, Tuki acknowledged the support of his party workers and political colleagues for their unstinted support.\"My commitment is to make Congress a strong party in the state and I will carry forward my mission for a developed Arunachal,\" Tuki said. He, however, admitted to internal bickering among party workers and maintained that he was trying his best to bind them together.Highlighting various achievements of his one-year-old government, Tuki spelt out some his priority areas and schemes proposed for the state. \"My government, with a view to provide transparency in governance, has mooted several new administrative reforms policies,\" he said, adding that several new schemes have been approved by the cabinet to be implemented from the current fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17056893", "title": "GSM companies get partial spectrum relief", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17054901", "title": "Most dengue cases from new Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A district health department report, compiling area-wise spread of dengue, reveals that it's the urbane localities of new Gurgaon where the mosquito menace is acute and report maximum number of cases.Leading the list is Sushant Lok I from where alone 20 cases have been reported %so far. Other areas in new %Gurgaon from where a considerable number of cases have been reported include DLF Phase II and III. Ten and nine cases have been confirmed from the two areas respectively. Seven cases have been confirmed from South City, four and two cases have been reported from DLF Phase I and V respectively.In old Gurgaon, 16 cases have been confirmed in Rajiv Nagar. The report gives the details of the first 325 dengue cases. The total number of dengue cases till Thursday touched 399.As aedes aegypti mosquitoes causing dengue fever breed in clean water, stored and used for household purposes, the rising number of the cases also points towards lack of precautions by residents. At the same time, the civic agencies too are responsible for keeping the localities clean.The other breeding places for mosquitoes are overhead tanks, groundwater storage tanks and septic tanks among others.District malaria officer Dr Mahender Gupta said, \"It's not right to blame the public agencies for everything. Residents too are responsible for keeping their surroundings clean. Fogging does not help in getting rid of mosquitoes to a very large extent and is also harmful. Simple measure like keeping unused containers dry actually help.\"According to Gupta, fogging was being carried out jointly by the health deaprtment and the MCG. Although there is a dip in temperature (hovering around 22-25 degree Celsius), it is not curbing breeding of mosquitoes.When contacted, Shyam Soni, president, Sushant Lok Residents Welfare Association, said, \"The present situation is the result of poor sanitary condition in the area. Construction work is going on in Chakarpur, which is also one of the reasons. We have already complained about the situation to the MCG, health department and private service provider but to no avail.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055593", "title": "'Nilam' to stay for the weekend", "text": "PANAJI: The Nilam effect on Goa is likely to last for another couple of days, as the deep depression over interior Karnataka is likely to weaken into a lower pressure area.Parts of the state witnessed a light drizzle on Thursday, as forecast earlier. \"The same weather conditions will continue possibly till Saturday,\" K V Singh, director, meteorological centre said on Thursday.The cyclonic storm, which originated over southwest Bay of Bengal moved towards Tamil Nadu coast. After crossing Mahabali- puram, it lay static about 50 kms south-southwest of Chennai on Wednesday. It again moved towards northwest, but weakened into a deep depression over north Tamil Nadu.\"On Thursday, it lay centred in interior Karnataka, close to Chitradurga and the system will weaken further into a low pressure area,\" Singh added.The trend of the weather will depend on how soon its weakens and the direction it moves further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17054911", "title": "Haryana notifies fresh policy on treatment of haemophilia", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana Government has notified its revised policy for treatment of haemophilia by designating five general hospitals in the state as Primary Specialised Treatment Centres and the PGIMS Rohtak as referral unit for its secondary and tertiary treatment.According to the revised policy, anti haemophilia factors, the medicine for treatment of mild bleeding episodes, would be provided in the five general hospitals at Ambala, Karnal, Rohtak, Hisar and Gurgaon.The facility of free surgery would also be provided to haemophilia patients in the district-level government health facilities under Surgery Package Programme, an official spokesman said here on Thursday.Haemophilia is a group of hereditary genetic disorders that impair the body's ability to control blood clotting or coagulation.As all required specialists and diagnostic facilities were available at PGIMS Rohtak, it will serve as a referral unit for secondary or tertiary treatment of haemophilia, he said.For the treatment of haemophilia the hospitals should be equipped to deal with severe bleeding, routine complications and surgical interventions, he said adding, they are required to have a panel of specialists, comprising physiotherapist, pathologist, physician, paediatrician, ortho-surgeon gynaecologist, and anaesthesiologist. Keeping the factors in view, the five designated general hospitals were declared Primary Specialized Treatment Centres for haemophilia treatment, the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054680", "title": "Private unaided schools' body to foot panel expenses: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Thursday made it clear to an association of private unaided schools in the capital that they will have to foot the expenses of a panel set up by HC to examine their accounts.The court on Thursday rejected the plea of the schools, which had moved court seeking to be discharged of the liability to pay the panel's expenses. The schools moved HC soon after the panel recommended a majority of schools must refund excess fee charged from students.A bench of justices B D Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul asked the schools to pay the amount within next two weeks. It also rejected another plea of the action committee of private unaided schools that the court could reduce the percentage of fee that has to be refunded.In their plea the schools pleaded that the court should recall or modify its earlier order where it had split the expenses incurred by the committee between schools and government in the ratio of 90:10%.The counsel for schools argued that the fee fixed for members of the court committee, that includes a retired HC judge, is not justified at Rs 50,000 - 25,000 per hearing \u00e2\u20ac\u201d since education is regarded as \"charitable in nature where profiteering is prohibited.\"It was also argued that the consent to bear 90% of the expenses for the court appointed committee was given by the schools' lawyer, who was not authorized to make such a submission before the court, and the schools were not bound by that.In August this year after setting up the committee headed by Justice Anil Dev Singh, the bench had said that the job of the committee was primarily to sift through accounts of these schools numbering around 200, so they should foot the bill for its smooth functioning. When the court proposed the schools to bear the expenses, their counsel had agreed to bear 90% of the expenses and the city government was asked to pay 10%.Meanwhile, on Thursday HC also expressed its displeasure with the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India and Delhi government's Directorate of Education, for their \"failure\" to perform their statutory duty for auditing the accounts of the unaided private schools.Recently, the court committee has submitted its findings, saying fee hike by most schools is unjustified since meeting the increased salary grade of its teachers as per the Sixth Pay Commission was only a pretext to increase the fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17053986", "title": "Bodh Gaya to have 500-bed hospital soon", "text": "GAYA: Removing a major hurdle in the promotion of Bodh Gaya as an international tourist-pilgrim destination, the Bodh Gaya Temple Advisory Board on Wednesday approved of the proposal to establish a 500-bed well-equipped modern hospital. The meeting was held in the Bodh Gaya Temple Management Committee office. Magadh division commissioner Vivek Singh is the ex-officio member secretary of the advisory board.According to Bodh Gaya-based tour operators, lack of quality medical service in Bodh Gaya adversely affects the inflow of tourists and pilgrims, particularly Europeans and Americans. The facilities at the Anugrah Narain Magadh Medical College and Hospital (ANMMCH) are grossly inadequate and of poor quality, so much so that, in several cases, foreign tourists having even non-serious health problems have often been airlifted by their respective embassies for better treatment. In the absence of proper medical facilities, the Dalai Lama had to abandon the Kalchakra Puja midway a few years back.The Bodh Gaya hospital project approved by the Temple Advisory Board, according to sources, envisages the provision of modern diagnostic tools, super-specialists and well trained nursing staff.The Advisory Board also took note of the security requirements of Mahabodhi Temple, the seat of Buddha's enlightenment. The shrine security has assumed added importance in view of revelations made by terrorists belonging to the Indian Mujahedeen. The temple security has already been handed over to the Special Task Force.The proposal for the construction of a road bridge over Mohane river to link places associated with Lord Buddha in the adjoining areas was also approved by the Advisory Board. The Advisory Board members, according to insiders, expressed gross dissatisfaction with the level of cleanliness in Bodh Gaya and the panchayat's role came in for criticism on this count. Nagar Parishad chairman Preeti Singh complained about paucity of funds and lack of manpower.One of the members favoured the handing over of Bodh Gaya sanitation work to the BTMC. Earlier, during the inauguration of the Buddha Mahotsava, a foreign tourist embarrassed chief minister Nitish Kumar by pointing towards the poor level of cleanliness in Bodh Gaya.According to Arvind Singh, one of the participants at the meeting, the proposal to construct a dormitory for economy class visitors and pilgrims was also approved at the Advisory Board meeting. The meeting participants included DM Bandana Preyasi, City SP Akhtar Hussain, joint secretary in the ministry of external affairs Jitendra Nath Mishra, the Dalai Lama representative Getse N Samten and Bodh Gaya Nagar Parishad chairman Preeti Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055101", "title": "From December 1, photo ID must for long distance train travel", "text": "MUMBAI: Railways has made it mandatory for those who have booked tickets through the passenger reservation system (PRS) for all reserved classes, including sleeper class, to carry original photo identity cards from December 1.This decision was taken to prevent misuse of the reserved ticketing system by touts. Till now, the identity card rule was applicable only on passengers travelling on e-tickets, Tatkal tickets or tickets booked in AC compartments via PRS.Thursday's decision said, \"Railways has decided to extend the condition of carrying original proof of identity during travel on reserved tickets issued through PRS for all reserved classes including 'Reserved Second Class (2S)', 'Sleeper Class (SL)', 'III Economy Class (3E)' and 'First Class (FC)'. All passengers booked on such tickets will be treated as travelling without ticket if they fail to produce original proof of identity.\"The railway have also decided to expand the list of prescribed proofs of identity to include photo identity cards having serial numbers issued by public sector undertakings of State/Central Government, District Administrations, Municipal Administrations and Panchayat Administrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055796", "title": "Sunil Gangopadhyay's translation of Shakespeare in print soon", "text": "KOLKATA: You never could ask Sunil Gangopadhyay if there were any regrets in his life, just as you could never ask him if age was catching up on him or whether he was ill. A born optimist, Gangopadhyay celebrated every moment of life, but if ever there was a regret that kept tugging at his heartstrings, it was perhaps that he could not complete translating the two plays of Shakespeare that he had started out to do.'Hamlet' and 'Romeo and Juliet' were his favourite plays - the most philosophical and the most romantic of Shakespeare's tragedies.A student of Bengali literature, Gangopadhyay, however, was an avid reader of English and European literature ever since school. In fact, it was a brush with Tennyson that initiated him into writing. To help his son develop a taste for English literature, Gangopadhyay's father would often ask him to translate a page from Tennyson. This worked magic on the teenager and he started pouring over foreign literature from a very young age.Gangopadhyay would often say that he spent hours reading Shakespeare and that if there was another creation that inspired him more, it was the Mahabharata, that had been his bedside read forever. In the early 80s Gangopadhyay started translating both 'Romeo and Juliet' and 'Hamlet.' The former progressed faster and soon he was into Act 3, Scene I. He read 'Hamlet' slowly and was able to complete only Act I.It was at this stage that the idea of writing 'Shei Shomoe,' a mammoth novel about the Bengal Renaissance, struck him and he plunged into the project. The two unfinished translations kept nudging him from time to time and he would revise them over and over again, but before he could proceed, his urge to write poems or fiction would take over. As was his wont, while translating Shakespeare's two plays, he made several corrections every time he went through them. All the versions are to be published in book forms.Translation as a genre remained very close to Gangopadhyay's heart and he often took time off to translate the works of Lorca, Valerie, Vallejo, Rilke and Pessoa. Many of these have even been published. Gangopadhyay avidly read works of these poets, though in English and felt the urge to translate them for his Bengali readers and so he dutifully translated their works into Bengali. Another foreign writer Gangopadhyay loved reading was, Dostoyevsky.\"Both the incomplete translations of Shakespeare will soon be published as books. Though in case of Romeo and Juliet, Gangopadhyay had progressed quite a bit, these were kept in old files and we are having quite a time retrieving them. Some pages are lost forever and we are hunting for them,\" revealed Rahul Dasgupta, a Jadavpur University scholar of comparative literature who had been assisting Gangopadhyay for the past eight years.Perhaps it was his love for foreign literature that took him to a poetry workshop at Iowa, US, where he became close to Margaret Mathew, who also taught him to critically appreciate European literature. Margaret gradually became his muse. We get to know her in Gangopadhyay's novels 'Sudur Jharnar Jole' and 'Jochhona Kumari.'For a few months before he passed away, Gangopadhyay was taking long breaks from writing sessions and was trying to re-invent himself. It was at that time that he spent long hours watching films by his favourite film-makers - Ingmar Bergman, Fellini, Kurosawa, Bunuel, Proust and Visconti.\"He found relief in these films and watched them with great interest. Gangopadhyay perhaps did not imagine for once that it would be time for him to leave so soon. There were so many future plans and he had tried to refresh himself by watching these immortal films,\" Dasgupta said. His favourites were Eight and a Half by Frederico Fellini, Akira Kurosawa's 'Red Beard,' Luis Bunuel's 'Belle de Jour,' Prust's 'Swan in Love' and Visconti's 'Death in Venice.'As was his wont, while translating Shakespeare's two plays, he had made several corrections everytime he went through them. All the versions are to be published in book forms.His 'Pakhir Chokhe Dekha' series (two-three line poems), a new experiment with poetry, that he had begun, remains incomplete. Of late, even Facebook, the language of the present generation as they chatted or sms-ed, had also started intriguing Gangopadhyay. He would inquire about these and even make copious notes for a novel that he was about to embark on, about life and living of today's youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17054059", "title": "'Changing' Bihar scares microfinance firms", "text": "PATNA: They came, they saw and they are now in exit mode - without conquering. In an ironic turn of events that threatens to sully Brand Bihar's image as a trade and investment destination, Karnataka-headquartered microfinance institution (MFI) Ujjivan has put on hold its lending operations in Vaishali and Muzaffarpur districts ruing the poor law and order situation in the state.The MFI's \"hard decision\" followed the broad daylight killing of its Lalganj branch customer relations officer Achchhe Lal Prasad at Lalganj in Vaishali on October 19. The 32-year-old officer was returning with cash collected from borrowers when he was relieved of the cash and shot by three motorcycle-borne criminals near Jaiswal Chowk. Two weeks on, the police have failed to make even a single arrest.\"We have got some clues and are working on them,\" Vaishali SP Upendra Kumar Sinha told TOI on Wednesday evening.Most of the 14 MFIs operating in different districts of the state came to Bihar in 2008 and 2009 when the changing Bihar made national and international headlines. \"We feel the law and order situation in Bihar has deteriorated during the last four months. Incidents of cash loot have increased manifold. Two such incidents occurred at Lalganj in September with the employees of Bandhan Financial Service Limited. But the killing of Achhe Lal and lax police action, if any, have forced a rethink on our part about our expansion plan in Bihar,\" said Ujjivan's Bengaluru-based vigilance head Premkumar G.Premkumar along with two other officials from the Ujjivan's HQ visited Vaishali district on Tuesday to take stock of the situation. \"In the prevailing situation, I don't think any MFI working in Bihar will go ahead with its expansion plan,\" said Ujjivan's chief operating officer (east zone) Rajat Singh.According to Singh, MFI workers are like barefoot bankers operating in the field to provide loans to small debtors and collect repayments from them. \"If law and order is not satisfactory, we just cannot operate,\" he said and added the firm stopped operations because it didn't want to risk the lives of its workers.Micro-Finance Institutions Network (MFIN)'s state coordinator S R Sinha is equally worried. \"We have information about eight incidents of loot of cash from MFIs' employees in the state during the last four months,\" he said and added the MFIN was collecting crime figures involving all the MFIs after which a delegation would meet the DGP to draw his attention towards such incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "s irfan habib , a historian of science and political history, holds the maulana abul kalam azad chair at delhi's national university of educational planning and administration. having recently authored jihad or ijtihad, tracing religious orthodoxy and modern science in contemporary islam, habib spoke with rakhi chakrabarty about science's debt to the islamic world, how this relationship was curtained by colonial politics, how modernity and islam are not opposed to each other - and why science is sometimes considered dangerous", "code": "17052707", "title": "S Irfan Habib: Modern science can be pursued by any believer", "text": "S Irfan Habib , a historian of science and political history, holds the Maulana Abul Kalam Azad chair at Delhi's National University of Educational Planning and Administration. Having recently authored Jihad or Ijtihad, tracing religious orthodoxy and modern science in contemporary Islam, Habib spoke with Rakhi Chakrabarty about science's debt to the Islamic world, how this relationship was curtained by colonial politics, how modernity and Islam are not opposed to each other - and why science is sometimes considered dangerous:What prompted your research on science and Islam?Well, the main provocation was the way Islam was being interpreted after 9/11. This prompted me to delve into issues of Islam, the way Islam was being politicised and used by vested interests the world over. I was disturbed about what was happening. Around this time, while pursuing a history of science, i came across writings where there were efforts to use a very fundamentalist understanding of Islam to reinterpret scientific knowledge and devise a category called Islamic science. I found it very parochial and exclusivist.But is there a conflict between Islam and modern science?I don't see any conflict. Modern science can be pursued by any believer. For example, Pakistani Nobel laureate Abdus Salaam, who won the prize in physics, remained a believer all his life. He said his prayers five times a day - and pursued science. He did not find any conflict between Islam and modern science.Those who talk about Islamic science believe modern science is actually western science ins-pired by Christian ethics. I find this problematic. Science is intrinsic in Islam.The 8th to 12th century was the golden age of science in Islam. The Abbasid Caliphate of Baghdad set up the Baitul Hikmah or the House of Wisdom, laying the foundations of rational and natural science. They welcomed scholars of all creeds, religions and beliefs. It was through Arab philosophers and scientists that the rich patrimony of the Greeks reached the leading lights of modern rationalism. Roger Bacon, father of modern scientific research, was a disciple of the Arabs.Proponents of Islamic science today say modern science is Christian and western. So, they have to create an alternative. Modern science could be Eurocentric as it was part of the imperialist expansion. That needs to be questioned and many scholars are doing that. But that's a different and valid issue. However, you can't replace Eurocentrism with another centrism called Islamic science or Hindu-centrism.Modern science is a conglomeration of different cultures and civilisations. All these contributions were marginalised due to politics. Modern science should have a place for the Arabs, for China, India and minor civilisations, all of whom contributed in different times through history.Is Islam averse to modernity?Modern science - an important component of modernity - owes much to Islamic tradition. So modernity shouldn't be alien to Islam. It is unfortunate some ideologues within Islam tend to set up Islam and modernity as binaries, always in confrontation. There is a concerted campaign to widen the gap between Islam and its believers and modernity and its proponents.Tunisia is the only place in the Islamic world where there is some sort of openness, where tradition and modernity coexist. West Asia is more an end-user of technology, less of science. Technology is useful and not seen as being as dangerous as science which comes with ideas. With science comes questioning - and democracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17054198", "title": "Kanpur Development Authority to construct 6,000 houses for poor", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur Development Authority will construct 6,000 houses for poor under Basic Services Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme.In a meeting of Duda, district magistrate MP Agarwal asked the KDA officials to prepare a revised project for the construction of houses at Sajari.As many as 43 localities of city had been picked up for development under BSUP scheme and residential houses were to be allocated to the poor. As many 6,000 houses were to be constructed in Dabouli but only 678 could be made. Now, it was decided to construct a multi-storey building at Sajari. The district magistrate had asked the KDA officials to send a revised proposal to the ministry so that funds could be allocated.During the meeting, a budget of Rs 2.26 crore was cleared for current financial year to Duda under Swarn Jayanti Urban Poor Self-employment Scheme. Nankari and harbansh Mohal sweeper localities were selected as pilot project for Rajeev Awas Yojna. At Harbans Mohal, as many as 100 houses would be constructed. Electrification, sewer, drainage and road construction would also take place simultaneously in those localitiesThe district magistrate also directed to construct houses at Bithoor and Shivrajpur under BSUP and IHSDP scheme on priority basis.The district magistrate asked the KDA secretary to constitute a committee of KDA and Tehsil Sadar officials to inquire into complaints that several beneficiaries of BSUP scheme and Manyavar Kashiram Urban Housing Scheme had rented their houses to others.Corporators told not to deal with class IV KMC staff directly: Coporators were told not to deal directly with the class IV employees of Nagar Nigam. This decision was taken by municipal commissioner NKS Chauhan recently.According to KMC sources, the zonal employees and employees of various ward had complained that corporators were passing orders directly to them and forcing to follow their instructions.The employees association had alleged that corporators complain against the employees to the municipal commissioner if an employee fails to follow their instructions. Recently, a couple of sanitation supervisors had been shifted to other wards on the complaint of corporators.The association apprised Chauhan that due to unnecessary interference of coroporators, the functioning of employees gets affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17053816", "title": "Another city builder under I-T scanner", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It's raining search and survey for the income tax department in Ahmedabad. On Thursday, I-T officials cracked on a city-based developer. The group, which owns a mall near SG Highway, has launched several hi-end residential schemes in the past few years.I-T department had last week carried out search and survey on 30 premises of a city-based realtor and commodity trading firm and its associates. During the operations, the department attached around 15 bank lockers and seized Rs 1 lakh cash.Later, I-T officials cracked down on the city-based angadia firms and seized Rs 12 lakh cash from one of the firms.In the last few weeks, the department has carried out more than 10 search and surveys on realtors, cloth merchants, stock brokers and commodity traders.In the survey on two cloth merchants at New Cloth Market, department recovered around Rs 1.5 crore of tax after they found major discrepancies in their stock.\"Due to administrative reasons there were hardly any search and survey during this financial year in the state. But after September 15, there have been over a dozen of I-T operations across the state,\" said a senior I-T official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17056365", "title": "Bokaro zoo preparing for a cozy winter for animals", "text": "BOKARO: With winter round the corner, authorities and the staff of Jawaharlal Nehru Biological (JNB) Park have drawn a plan to protect animals from the biting cold.As many as 10 inmates including six big cats were killed in the park because of diseases and improper upkeep in the past seven years, which is unflattering for the zoo management.However, the arrangements made by the staff inside the park is not hi-tech in comparison to preparations done by other zoos of the state. But still it will bring some relief to the inmates. The zoo is spread over 127 acres of land and boasts of 383 varieties of animals and birds.Three tigers died this year in the zoo following which employees are safeguarding two tiger cubs born few months ago and the mother. They have installed wooden planks and curtains at the windows of the tiger enclosures to stop cold winds from entering inside, said a sources from the zoo.In charge of JNB Park, G Chakraborty said they have started placing straws in enclosures of snakes, civets and birds. The python will now go into hibernation for which they have scattered straws in their enclosures. Besides, to allow animals to bask under the sun in the day time, the branches of trees which interrupt the rays from falling directly on the animals are being cut.\"We have provided hay and installed wooden planks in the enclosures of animals. The animals get habituated to the environment here and survive well in the winter,\" Chakraborty said.The park staff believes that animals prefer to live in natural environment. Room heaters may not suit the animals and they may fall sick because of variation in the room and outside temperatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17058905", "title": "Narayanan dismisses claim he 'suppressed' Rajiv killing video", "text": "MELBOURNE: West Bengal governor M K Narayanan has dismissed a former CBI officer's claim that he as IB chief had suppressed a video purportedly showing Rajiv Gandhi's assassin Dhanu at the public meeting at Sriperumbudur on the fateful day.\"I don't know....I think he wants to sell his book,\" Narayanan, who is on a visit to Australia, said.His remarks came in response to a question on K Ragothaman's claim in his latest book \"Conspiracy to kill Rajiv Gandhi - From CBI files\" that Narayanan, who was then IB chief, had suppressed the video which was shot by a local videographer hired by the organisers of that fateful public meeting.Ragothaman, who probed the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case, alleged that the issue was not pursued by then chief of the special investigation team D R Karthikeyan and Narayanan was allowed to \"go scot-free\".\"There was whole inquiry ... and everything is over.. and someone writes a book.. there is nothing new,\" Narayanan said last night.The West Bengal Governor was attending a dinner here organised by Australia India Institute ((AII) a part of its annual conference 'Argumentative Indian'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056244", "title": "I-T inspector held for taking 300 as bribe", "text": "PUNE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Pune, on Wednesday night, arrested Income Tax (IT) inspector Shankar Markandan Pillai for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 300 to issue an IT refund order for the assessment year 2012-12. A special court on Thursday released Pillai on bail.The CBI officials said that Dr Mangesh Sukadeo Bhamare had approached Pillai, posted at the IT office in Akurdi, for his IT refund order of Rs 8,102 on Wednesday.However, they said, Pillai allegedly demanded a bribe of Rs 250. The officials nabbed Pillai while taking bribe from Sukadeo after he registered a complaint.CBI conducted searches in the office and residence of Pillai and seized incriminating documents. Inspector Alok Sinha produced Pillai before the special court and filed a plea seeking CBI custody for three days.Special public prosecutor Ayub Pathan argued that the custodial interrogation of Pillai was essential to know his modus operandi and to probe the complicity of others in the bribe case.Opposing the prosecution's plea, defence lawyer Pratap Pardeshi said the custodial interrogation was not required as the CBI had seized the bribe amount.Special judge D R Mahajan sent Pillai to judicial custody and later released him on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054417", "title": "Alert housewife helps nab three women thieves", "text": "NAGPUR: Prompt action by a housewife landed three women, who had robbed her of Rs1,300, in jail. A homemaker, 36-year-old Jaya Sherekar, along with her friend Deepika was shopping in Sitabuldi market area when the women tried to rob her.Sherekar, a resident of Sai Nagar, said that while she was walking towards a shop some women crowded around her. In the melee, someone from the gang opened her purse and snatched away the small purse kept inside.Sherekar hadn't noticed the absence of her purse initially. After a few minutes, at the counter of a shop she noticed that her hand bag was open and the small purse containing Rs1,300 missing.\"I panicked and raised an alarm about my purse being stolen. It was then that I realized that the women who had surrounded me a few minutes ago must have stolen the purse. I alerted the shop keeper. He immediately sent his boys to follow the women,\" she said.Sherekar said that she was alert about the tricks that these thieves use in order to rob unsuspecting people from the articles in the newspapers.When the salesmen from the shop rounded up the three member gang of women, they put up a fight alleging that they were being framed. \"The women shouted at them accusing the salesmen of wrongly detaining them. But I, along with my friend and others surrounded them and searched them. I was proved right when the purse was retrieved from their person,\" said Sherekar. She thanked the shop owner and said that the shop owners are also very well aware who the thieves are.The three women-Anju Gaikwad (24), Neha Londe (22) and Sonu Londe (31), all residents of Katol-were then handed over to the Sitabuldi police who later on produced them in the court. All the three were remanded to police custody till Friday. Police has recovered Rs1,300 from them.In a similar incident last year, a Pulgaon woman, Babynanda Mahajan, had helped Sitabuldi police to nab a gang of four women from the central railway station.Similar thefts have been taking place on every alternate day at Mor bhavan, Variety Square, Market area and Rani Jhansi square. More than 30 such incidents have been reported in Sitabuldi police area itself. \"Women, who travel in local buses and go to market places should always remain alert. They should assure that their belongings are safe,\" said PSI S D Choudhary, the investigating officer.Choudhary said that such gangs always target the fairer sex at crowded places like market area, local buses and railway stations. With the arrest of the three, police expect to crack the network operating in the city. The modus operandi of these gangs is to create an artificial crowd around the target. After this in the ensuing melee they either cut or open the purse and steal the valuables and cash in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17054639", "title": "Monica murder trial adjourned till Nov 29", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after defence counsel Sudeep Jaiswal in Monica Kirnapure murder case accused additional district and session judge VM Tambi of being partial in noting down the witness' statement, Jaiswal did not appear in the court on Thursday citing health problems.During Thursday's hearing, Jaiswal put up a request to adjourn the trial for a few days. Tambi adjourned the trial till November 29. Additional public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam said that since the trial has been adjourned due to a health problem, he has no objection to it.During Wednesday's trial, a girl from the same hostel where Monica's stayed, deposed before the cops. During cross-examining, Jaiswal accused Tambi of being partial in noting down the statement of the witness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054572", "title": "Cabinet withdraws amendments to RTI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's intervention and civil society protests the Union Cabinet on Thursday decided to withdraw draft amendments it had proposed to the Right to Information (RTI) Act.The amendments had sought to restrict disclosure of file notings only to social and development issues under the transparency law.Minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy said in line with public sentiments that the proposed amendments would dilute the Bill , the government decided that it would not go ahead with carrying them out.He said the civil society activists had made representations to the government that it should not go ahead with the changes.The amendments were cleared by the Cabinet six years ago, but could not be brought to Parliament because of stiff opposition from NGOs, activists and Central Information Commission (CIC), all of whom felt the changes would dilute the Bill.The campaign was led by Aruna Roy, member of the National Advisory Council (NAC) headed by Sonia Gandhi , who also supported their demand and conveyed it to the government.RTI activist S C Agrawal said, \"The proposed amendments on file notings were very restrictive. It was clearly meant to kill the essence of the act. But if there are going to be any more changes to weaken the Act, then civil society is ready to protest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17055122", "title": "Accused of theft, girl slits wrist", "text": "KALYAN: A 16-year-old girl tried to commit suicide on Thursday after a teacher made her sign a letter saying she had stolen Rs 2,500 from the former's bag. The girl slit her wrist and is critical.The teacher misplaced her bag in the school on Saturday. The student told the teacher on Monday she had seen the bag. However, on finding the bag, the teacher realized that Rs 2,500 was missing. On Thursday, the teacher asked the girl to sign a letter saying she had taken the money. \"The teacher said it would help her get the management to pay,\" the police said.The teacher promised the student she would not reveal her identity. \"The girl trusted the teacher and gave the letter,\" the police said. However, other children started calling her a thief. The girl narrated the incident to her younger sister, who told her parents. \"The student's family said the management told them that the girl had the stolen money,\" an officer said. Later, the victim slit her wrist at home. She had written a note blaming two teachers for the act. Her parents took the girl to a nearby hospital. Her condition is reportedly critical. The Mahatma Phule police has registered case and is probing the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17055923", "title": "Shipyard Ambedkar Marg: A new road to Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The Shipyard Ambedkar Marg linking Panampilly Avenue and Thevara, the construction of which was inaugurated on Thursday, is expected to ease the traffic congestion over the south railway overbridge and MG Road.Once this road becomes a reality, people passing through the Sahodharan Ayyappan Road can proceed to Thevara without entering these two busy stretches.According to Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA), the 300-meter long road being built at an estimated cost of Rs 23 lakh, is expected to serve as an alternative to the proposed Atlantis rail overbridge.Announcing the launch of the road work, GCDA chairman N Venugopal said the work had been held up for more than 25 years.The project was inaugurated by urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali.The road will be 10 metres wide and will connect Panampilly Avenue to Shipyard Quarters Road. It is being laid through the premises of the shipyard quarters. GCDA was able to begin the work after it reached a one-time settlement on the 5.285 hectares of land acquired for the shipyard.\"The shipyard owed GCDA about Rs 2.10 crore. The issue was sorted out as they agreed to provide land to construct the road and in addition give a cheque for Rs 1 crore,\" said GCDA chairman N Venugopal.The shipyard has also agreed to provide another three metres on both sides of the road for the construction of the road mouth.Shipyard Ambedkar MargLength: 300 metresWidth: 10 metresCost of construction: Rs 23 lakhRoad connects Panampilly Avenue to Shipyard Quarters Road, to Yuvajansamajam Road, to K P Vallon Road from where you can proceed to Kadavanthra. From Shipyard Quarters Road you can also proceed to Thevara through Pullosery Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17055487", "title": "Man shot at in parents' presence", "text": "INDORE: Unidentified persons fired at a man in presence of his parents in Lasudia area here on Thursday morning. The victim's family members have accused Vishal Yadav of being the mastermind.Superintendent of Police (East) O P Tripathi said Ajay alias Banti Thakare, a resident of scheme No. 114 in Lasudia, was shot at by unidentified persons. He was rushed to the Life Care Hospital and later shifted to Bhandari hospital, where he is still battling for life.The victim is a sports teacher. Around 10 am, three persons came and called the victim when he was giving training to karate students. When Ajay came out, they shot him in his stomach and leg.Tripathi said Ajay's sister Sunita is married to Surendra Yadav. His nephew, Vishal Yadav, was once business partner of Ajay. In the business, differences cropped up between two and both lodged a complaint to Chhoti Gwaltoli police against each other.Ajay's father Vinayak Thakre and other members of his family alleged that strangers came to kill Ajay on Vishal's instruction. Ajay's parents claimed to have seen the assailants. They, however, failed to identify them. The police have registered the case under Section 307 and 34 of the IPC.The SP said Vishal is at large, but police will soon arrest the accused and crack the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17056295", "title": "Platinum the preferred investment option as gold prices skyrocket", "text": "PUNE: The skyrocketing price of gold has had a positive impact on platinum, with more people opting to buy the white metal as a form of investment.Until a year ago, gold traded at around Rs 22,000 for 10 grams and platinum at over Rs 30,000 for the same weight. Over the last few months, gold prices have surpassed platinum and currently, the ratio between prices of gold and platinum is 1:0.09 respectively.City based Ranka Jewellers have been selling platinum jewellery aggressively for some time now and are positive about its prospects. \"Earlier we saw most platinum sales happening with purchase of engagement rings and love bands, but now we are witnessing sale of platinum-based jewellery in different ranges such as necklaces and earrings,\" said Vastupal Ranka, director of the firm. Men's jewellery such as bracelets and chains are also selling fast, Ranka said.Interestingly, the age group of people buying platinum jewellery has extended to the middle age customers, Ranka said. Perhaps that was the reason why after inviting Bollywood actor Raveena Tandon to unveil his collection last season, Ranka roped in television soap stars Ram and Gautami Kapoor for the do this year.Rahil Mumhitule, Trade Manager for Platinum Guild International (India), told TOI that there is a greater buyer acceptance now for the subtle, understated appeal of platinum. Mumhitule said while there was a rise in use of platinum jewellery across India, Pune showed a meteoric rise in its popularity. \"The consumption of platinum in India was 3 tonnes in 2011 and there are estimates that it will be about 40% higher this year (2012). Pune has however, recorded a jump of 60% in platinum jewellery consumption,\" Muhimtule said. PGI has added 8 retailers in the year, with Ranka Jewellers and PNG Jewellers in the lead, he said.PGI has been focusing on Mumbai and 12 other cities in states such as Maharashtra, Gujarat, Karnataka, Punjab or Andhra Pradesh for promotion of platinum, Mumhitule said. The low volatility of platinum price is a reason why buyers are also considering it as an investment option. Mumhitule said platinum comes with a 'price opportunity' as its demand will shoot up once the European economy starts looking up.He said the automobiles industry in Europe has been working on platinum for various applications. Once that industry is back on track there will be a major upside of platinum prices, he added.Vaishali Banerjee, country manager for PGI, India told TOI earlier that the organization is creating awareness about platinum as a choice for purity and value. Besides resorting to advertising and other forms of communication, PGI India is also engaging retailers and design professionals to get consumers closer to the white metal, she said.\"From test marketing in Mumbai, Delhi and Chennai, platinum jewellery is now present across tier 1 and tier 2 cities. Our programme is a national one which reaches across the top 27 metros. The consumer demand is growing across urban India. Hence, platinum jewellery is now available across the top 60 cities,\" Banerjee had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17056793", "title": "Yagachi attracts water sports lovers", "text": "HASSAN: Belur in Hassan district is well-known worldwide and attracts tourists for its historical treasures. But a nearby place is attracting water sports lovers from all over the country.Yagachi water reservoir is a hot favourite among adventure sports buffs. Since January 2011, the tourism department with private participation started a boating centre for water sports. The reservoir gets a large number of visitors through the week.The reservoir is located at the outskirts of Belur town and near the main road towards Chikmagalur district. It's about 40km from Hassan city.Kiran, the manager of Capture Water Sports Centre at Yagachi, says, \"In the beginning there wasn't much of a response. But for about a year now, people are turning up in large numbers. Many love to ride in speed boats. When a large group comes, they opt for banana rides and boating. Most youngsters go for long rides in banana and jet boats. A banana boat is operated manually and a jet boat runs on fuel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17055474", "title": "Pitching it high to make DAVV a dream varsity", "text": "INDORE: Setting its sights on improving the National Accreditation and Assessment Council (NAAC) ranking next year, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) on Thursday formed eight task groups to see major changes in coming months.Informing media persons, vice-chancellor Dr D P Singh announced task groups and assigned work to the subordinates, who would discuss future course by the month-end and work for the betterment of the varsity. \"The heads will discuss the work to be done under each task group. The results of each group will be reviewed after three months,\" said Dr Singh, briefing the media on the university teaching department campus of the varsity.The varsity is currently accredited by NAAC with grade 'B' and next NAAC inspection is pending in April-May 2013 and recently appointed who had administered two famous central universities has a major responsibility of improving the stature of the varsity.Apart from the task groups, vice chancellor announced green varsity policy and publish a green calendar for making green campus. He stressed on publishing good research work in reputed journals and its patent.Answering questions from media, Dr Singh said we are taking legal advice in case of a blog that published documents related to varsity proceedings. On Wipro automation project contention, he said we will take up the issue in next executive council meet for a final solution. Speaking on egal tangles related to the land allocated to proposed medical college, he said we have written to district administration and will hold talks with them. Suggesting a measure, which would save several crores of the varsity, Dr Singh said we are considering bringing in an online portal similar to MP Online so that varsity can utilise that funds for other fruitful activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054176", "title": "At 19.2\u00c2\u00b0C, Mumbai has a cool Thursday", "text": "MUMBAI: The minimum temperature, which started dropping on Tuesday, dipped further to 19.2 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz on Thursday. On Wednesday, it was 20 degrees Celsius.Colaba, meanwhile, recorded a minimum temperature of 23 degrees (1.2 degrees below normal). The minimum temperature in Santa Cruz was 3.4 degrees below normal for this time of the month, the weather bureau said. V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at IMD-Mumbai, said the dip in temperature could be attributed to the cold conditions in northern India. \"Right now, the wind direction is north-easterly to northerly. The winds are blowing from the cold northern areas, where it is snowing.\"On Thursday, Colaba recorded a maximum temperature of 33 degrees (0.8 degree below normal) and Santa Cruz 34.4 degrees (0.2 degree above normal). The relative humidity in the evening was low with Colaba and Santa Cruz recording 63% and 54%, respectively.According to the IMD, a western disturbance will affect the western Himalayan region from Saturday. This may also affect temperatures in the western parts of the country, including Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055342", "title": "Bar raid: Accused deny assaulting cops at police station", "text": "MUMBAI: The two men cops have accused of assault, among other charges, following Saturday's raid on LIV bar, Kala Ghoda, submitted statements to the cops on Thursday in which they denied assaulting or threatening the police.Advocate Archit Jaykar and lounge bar partner Ritik Bhasin submitted their written statements to the MRA Marg police.Bhasin stated that the police were evading answers at the police station, where about 200 bar patrons had been brought, and kept saying that they should wait for the DCP. He denied assaulting or threatening the cops. He said that as a salaried partner of the nightclub, he had been receiving guests since 9pm on Friday. \"By 11.30pm, approximately 200 patrons had come to the nightclub and people were enjoying themselves,\" he said.\"At around 1.45am on the morning of 27 October 2012, approximately 15 male police officers abruptly came into the nightclub and asked us to shut the nightclub immediately,\" Bhasin said. He said he asked his manager to comply. \"Patrons started to leave when I noticed there were some more police officers who were standing at the exit gate of the nightclub and as soon as the patrons went out of the exit door, they were made to sit in police vans parked outside the nightclub.\"All were made to sit in nine or ten vans and taken to MRA Marg police station. He said he too was put in a van and taken to the police station,where everyone was made to wait in the compound. There were 1-15 police officers guarding the gates.Jaykar said that at around 2am he was with friends in Worli. At 2.15am a friend got a call from his sister, who told him that she was at LIV when some policemen had come in and forcibly made her and her friends go to the police station. Jaykar stated that, on his friend's request, he agreed to accompany him to the police station.\"I reached the MRA Marg police station at around 2.45am and noticed that there were approximately 200 people in the compound,\" he wrote. Jaykar said, \"I got no clear answers from the police and was told to speak to another policeman when I asked why had 200 people been brought to the police station....They told me to wait for the DCP to come.\"I decided to wait for some time, however till 3.15am the DCP had not come. By then I noticed that many people amongst those detained were getting frustrated and many females were crying. Therefore at around 3.30am I once again went to the officers in the police station and requested them to let the females leave.... I said to the police officers that the police could make the males wait for the DCP, but there was no necessity for the females to be kept waiting. I was again told to wait for the DCP.\"He said the police at the gate also told him to wait. People got frustrated, but police wouldn't let them go. Hence \"people started pushing at the gate and 15 minutes later were able to open the gate and all those illegally detained walked out\". \"I never assaulted anybody, nor did we give any death sentence to any one,\" said Jaykar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17056401", "title": "Now, Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation pedals a green cause", "text": "HUBLI: Inspired by Mysore, Dharwad district and Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation are planning to popularize one of the most energy efficient forms of land transport - cycling.Authorities have decided to lay 30-km cycle tracks in Hubli-Dharwad at important places to make the city eco-friendly.They plan to popularize and actively promote the use of cycles for commuting within the twin cities. Hubli-Dharwad BRTS Company Limited (HDBRTS) which has been the given responsibility to lay the tracks, has come out with a plan to build on all important arterial roads.A survey is underway in both Hubli and Dharwad for construction of the tracks. On each arterial road, cycle tracks of 1.5 meter width will be laid out on either side of road. Cycle tracks will be laid from Keshwapur Road to KC Circle, Gokul Road to Unkal via Vidyanagar. More tracks will be laid if HDMC gets land.Mayor Pandurang Patil said the HDBRTS is conducting a survey to finalize the routes. The survey is expected to be completed in two months. \"After the survey, we will finalize the cost of the project on important routes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17059751", "title": "Suresh Kondeti bags Pizza Telugu rights", "text": "Suresh Kondeti has bagged the Telugu rights (dubbing) of the Tamil hit film Pizza. The movie, which was written and directed by debutant Karthik Subbaraj, has Vijay Sethupathi and Remya Nambeesan while Aadukalam Naren, Jayakumar, Pooja and Simha played supporting roles. Suresh, who earlier successfully distributed dubbing films like Premisthe, Shopping Mall and Journey, etc. and is pretty confident about Pizza's Telugu version at the Tollywood box office.Apparently, there was a still competition for the Telugu remake rights but Suresh expressed his gratitude to the producers of Pizza for giving him the remake rights. Other details of the dubbed version will be disclosed shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053715", "title": "One in three Indians is overweight, shows study", "text": "MUMBAI: India is losing the battle against the bulge, with one in three citizens exceeding their ideal weight. A fatter chunk of these overweight people come from Tier-II cities like Kochi, Ludhiana and Nagpur rather than the metros as believed earlier.A new 11-city survey across the country not only showed that 36% of the people surveyed above their ideal weight, but also indicated how rapidly the obesity epidemic could progress\u00e2\u20ac\u201d23% of the people classified as healthy individuals were on the verge of turning overweight. In other words, their body mass index (BMI) would soon tip over the healthy count of 22.9.The silver lining was that only 27% of those surveyed in Mumbai were above normal weight\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe least among the 11 cities\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand 49% of the respondents were within the healthy parameters. On the other hand, a mini metro like Kochi had 46% respondents above normal weight, flagging off a new concern about the smaller cities.\"The survey brings out for the first time that our non-metro cities, too, are affected by obesity. Given the eating-out culture that is becoming popular across the country, this is not surprising,\" said surgeon Raman Goel. Around 41% of those surveyed in Ludhiana were over their ideal weight, while 4% respondents in Nagpur were morbidly obese (as against the 2% national average).Endocrinologist Dr Shashank Joshi, the president of the Research Society for the Study of Diabetes in India, said India's transition economy was the main reason for obesity. \"There is better awareness and, hence, better diagnosis of both obesity and diabetes.\" Yet, he believed India was still too malnourished a country to have many morbidly obese people.On the healthier side, the 15-19 age group recorded an overall obesity level of just 13% in the survey conducted by A C Nielsen for a healthcare company. Worryingly, it's not only the children who are gaining weight, every second person over 50 years in India is also overweight.The Nielsen surveyed looked at 5,988 households (22,824 household members) in the listing phase. It finally studied 2,616 people who, on the basis of their BMI, were classified as overweight (1,668), obese (870) or morbidly obese (78).The findings are not unexpected. Dr Anoop Misra, who heads the diabetes and metabolic diseases section in Fortis Hospitals across Delhi, said: \"Our previous survey in Delhi had shown that almost 65% respondents were overweight. While the population studied was mainly urban, it's indicative of the problem posed by obesity.\"Bariatric surgeon Dr Shashank Shah who consults at L H Hiranandani Hospital in Powai, said, \"If the new standards for BMI were used, the incidence of obesity in our country would be much higher.\" India, he said, needs to looks at a multi-pronged strategy to combat obesity in the coming years.But Dr Joshi said Indian obesity cannot be looked at using Western parameters. \"Obesity is all about getting the right numbers and cutoffs. In India, we cannot depend on BMI alone to decide on obesity. Our biggest problem is central obesity. Hence, we have to consider the person's waist circumference before deciding on whether he/she is overweight or not.\"But there is no denying the march of obesity in India. The Nielsen survey pointed out that the experts it had consulted had said obesity rates could increase by 50% in the next decade. Worse, the number of morbidly obese Indians could almost triple in the period.Dr Misra believes that the obesity burden in the next five years would increase in such a manner that 5 out of 10 urban Indians and 2 out of 10 rural Indians would be overweight or obese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17055492", "title": "Excitement all around for Karwa Chauth", "text": "INDORE: Elation seemed writ large on the face of Dr Neeta Dang, an NRI from the USA as she prepares for her favourite Karwa Chauth festival on Friday along with her friends from Punjabi Mahila Vikas Samiti, who celebrate the festival with religious fervour and enthusiasm every year.\"I convinced my husband to celebrate the festival with our people in India in a complete traditional manner,\" said Dang adding that this was the first time after her marriage that she is celebrating the festival in India.\"Karwa Chauth is not only an occasion to pray for the longevity of husbands, but also strengthens the relationship bond with mother-in-law,\" said Rani Ajmani, treasurer of the samiti.\"For the past 30 years, I have been celebrating this auspicious occasion, and have seen a lot of change in the way of celebration over all these years.\"She said that the hype in bollywood and TV serials related to the festival has helped increase the popularity of the festival.The youth president of the association Harmeet believes that Karwa Chauth has now-a-days turned into more of a celebration cum get-together.\"Many social groups are coming up to celebrate this occasion with great fervour not only for the ritual beliefs but also for the social gathering. People love to meet each other, especially ladies and they never end up with their chit-chats. Hence, we try to keep these occasions more happening by including cultural events and social gatherings,\" informed Harmeet.Bulbul Khanuja is all excited for the occasion.\"Love binds our relationships. On the occasion, my husband presents me diamond rings and gold jewels and I like his gesture of showing love through gifts,\" said Bulbul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054590", "title": "Gen-Y wives happy to fast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gender roles may be blurring but the idea of a woman fasting an entire day for her husband's well-being has not lost currency. The Karva Chauth tradition continues to thrive, even among well educated women, and they don't seem to find anything sexist in it, TOI found out a day before the festival.\"Karva Chauth is just a custom, nothing more. I am secure in my relationship with my husband, so observing a fast for one day in a year is no big deal,\" says Diya Saxena, a 26-year-old public relations executive. While women today do observe the fast, they have given it their own twist. \"At dawn, we're supposed to eat what the mother-in-law cooks, but I just have a glass of milk,\" says Bani Sharma, a teacher. \"I cannot go hungry all day, so I will eat fruits,\" says Priyanka Ahuja, 24, who's keeping her first Karva Chauth fast this year.For most women, the ritual marks the beginning of the festive season - mehndi on their palms, shopping for puja material, dressing up in their finest Indian wear, and meeting friends and relatives. It's a day dedicated to them, and their husbands, too, recognize it. \"I am also keeping the fast with my wife,\" says Aditya Saxena, a dentist married for two years. \"My wife's fast makes me feel inferior because I know I could never last a day without food or water,\" says Keshav Arora, who took a day off from work on Thursday to help his wife with the preparations.Apart from pampering themselves, women now receive elaborate gifts from their boyfriends, fiances, or husbands on the festival. Jewellery stores, especially, have special offers on Karva Chauth, but gifts range from gift certificates to designer handbags and electronics. Officials at Select Citywalk mall say footfall and sales increase by 5-10% at this time.Simar Sukhija, who owns Simar's Nail Bar, says many husbands bought nail art vouchers for their wives. \"Some even sat with them throughout the nail art procedure, which can take up to 45 minutes,\" says Sukhija, adding that all women want to look their best on the day. \"Women have been coming in all day for hair colour, massage, manicure and pedicure, and blow dry,\" says Ashok, who works at a popular south Delhi parlour.For many, beauty treatments reach a new level, and many women opt for procedures like Botox, Juvederm fillers, and chemical peels for the occasion. \"I underwent pre-bridal treatments before my wedding, but my skin looks dull now. I am going for Botox so I look good for my first Karva Chauth,\" says 33-year-old Raksha Khanna.\"Even husbands are supporting their wives, and are gifting them with such treatments,\" says Dr Simal Soni, a dermatologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056291", "title": "Valuable lessons in history at Ryan", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of Ryan International School, Dugri received valuable insights into the history and culture of Punjab during Punjab Day celebrations. They also delved into the historical background of the state and its role in relation to the rest of the country.The programme began with Class VII students delivering a presentation on the historical background of Punjab. A 'spell well' competition had students of classes I to VII digging into their Punjab language skills and a sumptuous Punjabi Tiffin added to the flavour of the programme.The sight of little Montessori students dressed in traditional ethnic Punjabi attire was heartwarming. The little ones' rendition of Punjabi was especially delightful. In the end, headmistress Ritu Syal called upon students to preserve their heritage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17053845", "title": "Nooriya Haveliwala\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s conviction won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t make any difference to us: Vicitm's kin", "text": "MUMBAI: Nooriya Haveliwala's conviction seems to have different effect on the family of Kurla hotelier Afzal Ibrahim, one of the persons killed on the fateful January night in 2010. Afzal, who was returning from the RBI with changes for his hotel, was going through a breathalyzer test, when the accident occurred.While some regret that the conviction, however light or harsh it is, will not bring Afzal back, others are upset with the \"light\" sentence. \"What is the use of this conviction? It will not make any difference to us. Even if she was meted out a more rigorous punishment, it would not have brought my brother-in-law back,\" said Afzal's brother in-law Mohammed Zaid.Afzal is survived by his wife, Shavana, and a six-year-old daughter, Hadiya. After the death of the sole bread-winner of the family, Shavana, along with daughter, left her house in Kurla and moved in with her brother, Zaid, in Bhayander. \"We are not greedy, but neither the government nor the Haveliwala family has paid us any compensation,\" Zaid said. \"Who is going to look after Hadiya and take care of her education?\"Shavana's second brother Yayah, however, thinks Haveliwala is being let off with a light punishment. \"She knew full well that she was under the influence of alcohol and yet, she drove her car. She should not be let off with such a light punishment. After all, she has claimed two lives,\" said Yayah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17055697", "title": "Old Goa panchayat holds up Panaji waste disposal", "text": "PANAJI: Even as the garbage problem in Panaji shows no sign of abating, the proposed solution in the form of a solid waste management facility at Bainguinim may be delayed even further.It appears that the Old Goa panchayat is attempting to stall permissions to the project that has already been approved by the corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) and the government. With the amount of garbage generated each day increasing and the space to treat it shrinking, the city's municipal administration has a huge task on its hands.Speaking to TOI, CCP commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues said that the applications for permission to construct the compound wall around the site and for land development, are pending before the panchayat. Correspondence between the CCP and the panchayat reveals that the initial application for building of a compound wall was submitted in June 2009.The Goa bench of the Bombay High Court had in a January 2012 order dismissed petitions against the proposed facility and allowed the CCP to proceed with work on the waste management project.In July 2011, though, the panchayat rejected the proposal citing a gram sabha resolution opposing the project. Sources told TOI that a local politician who has interests in many real estate projects in the area was instrumental in opposing the project, fearing that it may affect real estate prices.The CCP submitted a fresh proposal for construction of a compound wall in August 2012. In reply to this application, the panchayat asked for certain clarifications on the proposal with regards to zoning and land acquisition details.The CCP has submitted the clarifications after obtaining the details from the TCP department on October 8 and is now awaiting a response from the panchayat. Old Goa sarpanch Vishal Volvoikar said, \"We have asked the CCP for clarifications on demarcation and acquisition. Further discussions are required on the issue. There is opposition to the plant from locals and church authorities. The proposal will be placed before the gram sabha for its decision.\"The lack of approvals, though, hasn't prevented the panchayat from disposing garbage generated by the village at the site, sources said. An expert on the issue felt that \"the government, the panchayat and the CCP have to work together on the issue as there has to be a solution to the problem.\"The CCP has recently approved a proposal for acquiring an additional 1,40,000 sq m of land adjoining the existing site, which admeasures 1,71,312 sq m.Explaining the need for additional land, Rodrigues said that 95,700 sq m of the existing land was reserved for a green buffer zone and setbacks along the fort wall, roads in the property and setback to the existing water supply line. The plan has proposed a 30 m buffer around boundary of the site. \"The additional area which is sought to be acquired is shown on RP 2021 as land reserved for garbage management,\" he added.The entire solid waste management facility project will be executed by the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC). The GSIDC is presently preparing plans and estimates for work on the site, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055302", "title": "'What kind of image are cops creating for Mumbai?'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police, despite being legally bound to be polite and respectful to women, spoke in tones that left many in tears early on Saturday morning during the raid on a south Mumbai lounge bar open half-an-hour beyond the 1.30am deadline. Around 200 LIV patrons, including women, were hauled off to the MRA Marg police station.\"Chal, gaadi mein baith,\" officers said to women while forcing them out of the first-floor bar. For about 45 minutes, no one saw a woman cop at the premises, said a girl who was unwilling to disclose her identity. Women constables arrived later, but even they were rude and in plain clothes, the girl said.The police demanded that everyone leave the washrooms, while several girls, stricken with fear, were in the ladies' room. Chaos prevailed and people were yelling while cops moved through the bar searching for people as they might during a combing operation. When some women said they wished to use the washroom first, the police impatiently snapped, \"Police thane mein bhi bathroom hain (There's a bathroom at the police station too).\"Legal experts said the police cannot speak rudely to women at any cost, even if the crime is serious. \"In this case, where no crime was committed by the patrons, the police had to conduct themselves properly,\" said advocate Satish Maneshinde.Businessman Vicky Khatwani, who was at LIV with his wife and friends, said they were taken aback when the police came in and brusquely said, \"Chalo, thane mein chalo. Wahan maloom padega.\" He said the police did not tell them why they were being taken away. \"They just kept saying, 'Thane mein chalo....'\"The patrons pushed into the first police van said the van was backed close to the entrance and the police lined either side of the exit to block anyone from running away.\"When we asked why we were being asked to get into the van, I was slapped by a cop. I do not know who he was. But it is embarrassing to be slapped in front of your wife,\" said businessman Prakash Kothari. He and his wife were out celebrating a friend's wedding anniversary. \"The police just said, 'Chal, aatmadhye bas, sangitla na (Come, sit inside, I told you, no)?' His tone was not friendly. We too respect the law and were unaware of timings,\" Kothari said.Kothari and Khatwani said two Germans present were also hauled away. They tried to contact their consulate, but it was late at night. \"What kind of image are the police creating for the city?\" asked Kothari. He pleaded with the police to let his wife go. \"I got a call from home as we had left our four-year-old with the nanny. I said keep me at the police station and keep my wife's driving licence, but let her go, she does not even drink. But they said, 'Chup-chaap basa. Lahan mulgi aahe tar party kashala kartaye (Sit quietly. If you have a child why are you partying).' They said, 'Ithech basa (Just sit here)'.\"The common complaint was patrons were not told why they were being taken to the police station or what crime they had committed. Some men kept saying release the women. One said, \"The police did not seem to know what to do with us even at the police station.\" Kothari, who was taken in the first police van, said only one van had been sent at first. Other vans were sent later. \"Could all 200 people have done some wrong?\" he asked.The police, in their FIR against a LIV partner and an advocate, said that they had taken the people to the police station because they were not giving their names and addresses. The patrons had left the police station by pushing open the gates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17054551", "title": "Bibi Jagir Kaur gets bail in daughter abduction case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday granted ruling Shiromani Akali Dal leader and former minister Bibi Jagir Kaur bail, six months after a special CBI court had sentenced her to five-year imprisonment for abducting and forcing her daughter to undergo abortion.Bibi's daughter, Harpreet Kaur, was cremated a day after she had died under mysterious circumstances without a postmortem in April 2000. The case was handed over to the CBI following judicial intervention, but the Akali leader was acquitted of her daughter's murder.The CBI has filed an appeal before the HC seeking Bibi's conviction for her daughter's murder, arguing that the trial court in Patiala had \"failed to appreciate that the death of Harpreet Kaur was homicidal''.A division bench comprising Justice Ajay Kumar Mittal and Justice G S Sandhawalia granted the former Shiromani Gurdwara Prabhandhak Committee president bail on the condition that she would not leave the country without the court's permission.The court sought to expedite hearing into Bibi's appeal against her sentence along with that of the CBI seeking enhancement of her sentence.The special CBI court had on March 30 convicted Bibi along with Nishan Singh, Paramjit Singh Raipur and Dalwinder Kaur Dhesi. The HC had granted Nishan bail on June 1 and Paramjit and Dalwinder a month later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17055443", "title": "BJP, Cong fight over potholed roads", "text": "JABALPUR: Pathetic condition of the NH7 and NH12 is emerging as a major issue with both Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) desperately trying to make political capital out of it. Last two days saw two BJP MLAs courting arrest to highlight the potholed NH7 while member of parliament (MP) from Jabalpur Rakesh Singh and his supporters marched 8 kilometers from Panagar to Gandhinagar to make \"their voice heard by the union minister for surface transport CP Joshi.\"Alarmed at the heightened activities of their rivals local Congress leaders are also gearing up for a befitting reply. The latest gimmick to steal the thunder from the BJP is their decision to plough NH 12 and prepare the area for wheat crop. Their logic- the highway is non motorable and is fit only for agricultural purpose. As the tempo builds up and situation becomes bizarre, common man though totally fed up with the non existent road network, is too bewildered to enjoy the ongoing drama by the netas.Singh traces the plight of all three highways NH12, NH7 and NH12a to Kamlanath regime. \"It was Kamalnath who during his tenure, took away the authority of maintaining the highway from states and centralized the task with the national highway authority of India\" he told TOI. Now things are at its worst in MP, he said charging the centre with \"deliberately stalling the repair work on NH7 in the hope that the public resentment on the ill maintained highway may translate into poor electoral performance for the saffron party in the coming assembly election.\"Already the 12 hours jam on NH7 by the transporters association last Tuesday had led to much public resentment as thousands commuters lay stranded on the highway. The local MP has given the ultimatum to the project director NHAI PK Jain to begin the repair work within a week or face consequence.Meanwhile a delegation of city Congressmen has in a memorandum to the additional divisional magistrate (ADM) on Thursday has warned to block NH12 and plough the road to raise money for repairs if the government does not wake up within next 24 hours. \"We are trying to highlight the condition of the most important road linking Jabalpur to Bhopal because the BJP leaders are giving it a step motherly treatment Raju Mishra the block president of Kasturba Gandhi ward, declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17056339", "title": "4 killed in auto-tractor collision in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Four women commuting in an auto rickshaw died on the spot when the vehicle collided head on with a tractor coming from the opposite direction near Daroo on NH 100 under Hazaribag Mufassil police station on Thursday. \"They were going to sell vegetables and other products in the weekly 'haat' bazaar at Jhumra, hardly two km from the place of the accident,\" said S K Pathak, officer-in-charge, Hazaribag Mufassil police station.Immediately after the incident, about 500 villagers of Daroo, including the relatives of the victims, blocked the NH-100 between Hazaribag and Bagodar, bringing the traffic to a standstill for four hours between 1.30 pm to 5.30 pm. They were demanding suitable compensation to the next of the kin of the families of the deceased and arrest of both the tempo and tractor drivers owing to whose negligence the accident occurred. On receiving information, a police team from Hazaribag Mufassil police station and circle officer of Daroo and Hazaribag reached the spot and urged the mob to clear the road. The kin of the deceased were paid Rs 10,000 each under 'Parivarik Labh' scheme of the government once the mob cleared the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17054069", "title": "Now, Digvijaya questions Narendra Modi's marital status", "text": "SHIMLA: Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Thursday questioned Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's marital status while slamming him for his remarks describing Union minister Shashi Tharoor's wife, Sunanda, as \"Rs 50-crore girlfriend\".Digvijay asked people to go to YouTube and type \"Narendra Modi's wife to see who Yashoda Ben is\" at an election rally in Shimla. \"Yashoda Ben's statement is there that she married Modi in 1968. Why Modi is silent? Why the marital status column given in the affidavit to the Election Commission is blank?\" he asked.Digvijay said only a person who knows how to love and marries in life can respect women. \"People like Narendra Modi cannot.\" He described Modi's comments about Sunnada as an insult to women.State Congress chief Vidya Stokes also criticized Modi's comments about Sunanda. \"The BJP owes an explanation and apology to the women of the nation in general and Himachal Pradesh in particular for what Modi had said.\"She mocked the BJP's claims of being the guardian of the Indian culture. \"Was this the culture they were trying to preach and propagate?\" she asked. She said the country's women will never forgive Modi and the BJP for such a comment.Stokes said BJP national spokesperson Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi instead of apologizing to the nation and the women defended Modi. \"He thus conveyed that BJP also approved of what Modi had said.\"Modi had made the remarks about Sunanda at an election rally in Mandi on Monday.Singh targeted BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and said the way his companies have been exposed and their fictitious directors found living in slums, the BJP leader should make Slumdog Millionaire-II. \"While in Slumdog Millionaire movie, a slum kid was made crorepati through a game show, Gadkari has made fake crorepatis and the matter should be investigated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17055594", "title": "NHRDF defers onion survey by fortnight", "text": "NASHIK: The National Horticulture Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF) has deferred the ground trust survey (GTS) for mapping onion cultivation in Maharashtra, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh by a fortnight and it is now scheduled to commence from November 15.The onion acreage will be determined after the analysis of the survey and satellite images. NHRDF officials have completed the survey in Karnataka as the late kharif season had already begun there. The survey is to be conducted for late kharif and rabi crops. With an aim to provide the estimated data on onion acreage and help the government decide strategies pertaining onion cultivation, the NHRDF had set up a geoinformatics laboratory at its head office at Chittegaon Phata, near Nashik in January 2012 for mapping onion crops through satellite images in technical collaboration with ISRO's Space Application Centre (SAC), Ahmedabad, under the National Horticulture Mission Programme of the Centre.An NHRDF official said, \"We will start taking satellite images from the Hyderabad centre of ISRO once the survey is completed. We will start analysing the survey and the satellite images in January 2013.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17055742", "title": "Sonsoddo saga: Margao Municipal Council receives report on capping", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Municipal Council (MMC) has received the consultancy report prepared by its Chennai-based consultant, K R Gopalkrishnan, for the capping of the Sonsoddo garbage dump on scientific lines.Confirming this, the chief officer of the MMC, Srinet Kothwale, said that the report consists of the detailed project report (DPR), besides the technical details and financial estimates of the project. \"The report is being scrutinized. It will also be placed before the council for its approval and suggestions as the project entails financial implications,\" Kothwale said.Once the council gives its nod for the project, the MMC will invite expressions of interest from contractors for executing the capping exercise as per the designs and drawings prepared by the consultant, Kothwale added.The MMC had awarded the consultancy to Gopalkrishnan in July following a bidding process. Though he was required to submit his report within 90 days, the period was extended by two weeks. Gopalkrishnan has quoted 7.71 lakh as consultancy fees.Sources said that the contractor who bags the tender for capping will also be required to monitor the site for at least 15 years and take care of any eventualities. It normally takes a period of up to five years for the capped surface to get sufficiently stabilized, sources in the know, said.The capping of the Sonsoddo garbage dump was necessitated following confirmation by solid waste management expert, P U Asnani, about the presence of toxic metals in the dump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17056054", "title": "Intelligence Corps Day celebrated", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The 70th Intelligence Corps Day was celebrated at the Chandimandir cantonment with traditional verve and spirit on Thursday. Brigadier Raj Kumar, Brigadier General Staff (Intelligence), Western Command, presided over a Sainik Sammelan of all ranks of Intelligence Corps on the occasion. The Western Command spokesperson said that since its inception, the Intelligence Corps has been at the forefront, providing real time and close intelligence support to the Army, both in peace and war times.The contribution of these unsung heroes, who operate behind the scenes, has come in for appreciation in Operation Pawan in Sri Lanka, Operation Vijay in Kargil, Operation Rakshak in J&K;, besides counter-insurgency operations in the north-east.The Intelligence Corps is an effective part of the national intelligence grid along with sister intelligence agencies. With complex intelligence challenges emerging in modern warfare, besides internal security issues, Intelligence Corps has evolved over the years, both in human and technical intelligence fields as a potent force multiplier.Army commander, Western Command, Lt Gen Sanjiv Chachra, while extending his greetings to personnel of the Western Command Intelligence Corps, urged them to continue working in the spirit of the Corps' motto, \"Sada Satark.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054482", "title": "1L to face TV blackout in 3 metros from next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kolkata residents, who are yet to switch to digital set top boxes (STBs), can expect blank screens after the weekend. The information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry plans to begin phased blackout in Kolkata to ensure that viewers switch to digital TV over the next few days. The decision comes in the wake of strong protests from West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee exhorting residents not to buy STBs.An estimated one lakh people could face a blackout in the three metros of Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata over the next few days.A day after the digitization deadline kicked in four metros, Delhi and Mumbai reported over 100% shift to digital systems, while Chennai has sought a two-month extension (up to December 31) for completing switchover from analog to digital mode. According to ministry data, digitization in Delhi has gone up to 101%, Mumbai (118%), Kolkata (85%) and Chennai (63%).About 1.3 lakh STBs were installed in Delhi on October 31 taking the total number installed in the three cities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to 1.43 lakh. Installation in Chennai has been stayed following the Madras High Court order. The ministry has been on a go-slow in Kolkata, and is likely to crack down on multi-system operators (MSOs) soon.I&B; secretary Uday Kumar Varma said that a three-pronged strategy had been adopted to ease switchover. \"MSOs have been told to keep prices of STBs stable and not to exploit the situation especially since there are reports of shortage of STBs,'' he said. The ministry has also asked MSOs to make special efforts to reach out to poorer sections with concessional packages.The I&B; secretary also said teams from the ministry were busy making inspections at the ground level.He admitted there was a possibility that in some areas in the three metros, the analog signal may not have been completely switched off but added MSOs that violate rules would have to face a show-cause notice.\"They should fear losing their licence,\" Varma said. \"We may issue a show cause notice to violators for which they will be given a three-day period to respond,\" he added.In a meeting with Varma on Thursday, Tamil Nadu sought time till December 31 for complete implementation. The ministry has asked the state representatives to submit a roadmap by November 5 and will take a call on the issue after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054625", "title": "Soon, audit cell for road projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: The problems of potholes on newly constructed roads or entire stretches caving in after rains will soon be addressed. A proposal for setting up an audit cell to check the planning, safety and quality norms in all major infrastructure projects has been given a green signal by the LG's office. The composition of the audit cell is under process, said sources.\"The composition of the audit cell is going to be formalised soon. It will consist of members from institutes such as CRRI, IIT, NCBM (National Council of Building Materials), DTU and others as well as Jagori (for women safety audit),\" said a senior official. The proposal will apply to all future projects that come to Unified Traffic and Transportation, Planning and Engineering, Centre (UTTIPEC) for approval.The audit will consist of two parts: a planning and safety audit of the project that will be taken up before the execution of the project; and an audit of the quality or site check, which will be based on \"critical engineering aspects\" and will be carried out when the progress of the work is 25-50% and 80% complete. The quality of material such as bitumen, aggregate etc will be checked by taking samples from the site, says the proposal, which gives a check-list of tests that can be carried out. The quality audit team will be empanelled, said the official.UTTIPEC is also finalising the terms of reference or scope of study which includes submission of detailed design and drawings of the approved plans to facilitate planning and engineering audit during the execution stage, explained sources. \"The audit will create a template of design and implementation for all infrastructure projects in Delhi. At present, while third party audits are carried out by the civic agency, there is no basic minimum standard that is maintained across all projects,\" said the official. These audits will be separate from the third party audit carried out by the agencies. The basis of the two audits will be the street design guidelines as set by UTTIPEC. For the quality audit, the guidelines are the IRC/BIS specifications, added the official.That current road development and other infrastructure projects require more planning is evident from the independent audits carried out by NGOs. Last month, a joint study by NGOs and an international university found several points of lacunae in the pedestrian and traffic movement plan of Nehru Place. From lack of a designated system for pedestrians to traffic eating into footpaths, the study had showed the lack of safety and planning in the busy commercial hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "17056542", "title": "Head injury caused tiger\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Postmortem of the male tiger, which was found dead in the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR) in the Nilgiris on Wednesday, was conducted on Thursday in the presence of wildlife activists, in the Mudumalai forest.The postmortem revealed that the tiger had suffered a head injury and its skull was found damaged. According to A Ameer Haja, the veterinary doctors who conducted the postmortem said that due to a fight with another tiger or gaur, the tiger might have sustained severe head injury.Haja said, \"The tiger was over 15-years-old as its teeth had worn-out. Due to the injury, it was not able to walk around and subsequently it was left without food for some time.\" According to the official, the tiger might have died a few days ago. Its paws, nails and teeth were intact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17053815", "title": "Final round to choose 20 smart kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: The contest has been keen, the challenges tough. And the final cut of the top 20 young minds, mined from across the country, will be made in the last round being held in Delhi over November 2 and 3.To recap, 'Times Scholars' is an initiative by The Times of India to recognize and reward the brightest young people studying in Class XII. Powered by the belief that with proper guidance and mentoring, these students will be the drivers of change and development of the nation and the world, 'Times Scholars' was launched and students of Class XII were invited from all over the country to apply online for the programme.Twenty students will be chosen for a scholarship of Rs 5 lakh each that will be paid in annual installments through their graduation period. Three rounds of the merit-based contest for the scholarship have been held so far and 105 students have made it to the final round - a selection from over 45,000 applications since the first stage.These 105 come from 32 cities, from Aurangabad and Patna, Tiruchirapalli and Ahmedabad, from Amritsar and Dharwad. A large number of students belong to Delhi, followed by Bangalore, Chennai and Bhubaneswar.Responsible for the selection of the 20 winners will be a panel of judges including eminent educationists, careers counsellors and education officials. \"It is a great initiative on the part of the Times of India and I believe it will motivate and inspire students to do well. Hopefully, there will be more such initiatives,\" says P C Jain, principal, Shri Ram College of Commerce, Delhi University , a member of the panel of judges on November 3. The others are Meera Ramachandran, principal, Gargi College, Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, Pervin Malhotra, career counsellor, and Anand Kumar, founder of Super 30. \"There is no dearth of talent in this country. We can get really good results if we try even a little and those talents should be nurtured. I respect this kind of effort. It's good work being done,\" says Kumar who started a unique coaching class meant exclusively for the very poor, but bright, students. He coaches 30 students every year - all of them extremely poor - for the IIT entrance exam. His success rate has been stupendously high.The panel for November 2 includes career counsellor Usha Albuquerque, Shobhit Mahajan of the department of Physics &amp; Astrophysics, DU, Neeraj Sharma, head (academics) at NIIT, Venkatesh Malur, education officer, Unicef , Gurpreet Tuteja, deputy dean, students' welfare, DU, and Pradeep Narayan, MD, Admissionz Campuz.The panel will also include education officers facilitating admissions overseas - Renuka Raja Rao , country co-ordinator, Education USA Advising Services of the USEFI, and Hazel Siromoni, managing director, Maple Bear. Principals and former principals - Sunita Tanwar, principal, DPS Dwarka, Veena Bhasin, former principal, Vishwa Bharati Public School (Noida), Vijay Pokhriyal, former vice-principal, GD Goenka World School - as well as teachers, Vandana Tandon and Jamila Khan, will be a part of the panel.The 'Times Scholars' initiative thoroughly tested academic strength, mental stamina and fortitude.The final stage has 105 gems of young people with infinite potential who will surely go on to make the nation proud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17054899", "title": "Chouhan bid to reach out to all sections", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan announced confiscated property of corrupt officials would be used to run anganwadis and government schools.Addressing the foundation day function at the Lal Parade ground on Thursday, he asked the bureaucracy to work sincerely and honestly. He said the corrupt would not be spared.Addressing youths, who reached the police ground in large number to enjoy the music of AR Rehman, the chief minister sought to touch a chord with them reiterating that he would not allow anyone to remain unemployed. Referring himself as mama, he said he would provide guarantee for the education loan of youth.In his brief speech on the occasion, Chouhan spoke about all his welfare schemes. He said the poor would be provided wheat for Rs 3 per kg and their children would be provided school uniforms, books and scholarships.Madhya Pradesh is not a backward state. Referring to the recently-concluded global investors' meet in Indore, he claimed that it is now the most preferred state for investors across the country.Chouhan said the state government is committed to protecting the girl child. \"Right from their birth to death the state government will take care.\"Without mentioning the party's name, he started the speech obliquely criticising the Congress saying that \"Some people have boycotted the programme. Should it be boycotted,\" he asked from the crowd, \"No\", was the roaring reply.Culture minister Laxmikant Sharma said soon a film city would be set be in Bhopal and the films shot here would be given tax exemption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17054739", "title": "Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited's Bird deal still to take flight", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited (the corporate entity of Visakhapatnam Steel Plant) finds itself in a catch-22 situation after acquiring captive iron ore, manganese, limestone and dolomite mines from the public sector Bird Group. The acquisition took place during financial year 2010-11 and was considered to be a strategic move by RINL to get access to supply of raw material used to manufacture steel. As per the deal, two subsidiaries of the Bird Group- Bisra Stone Lime Company (BSLC) and Orissa Minerals Development Company (OMDC) - were made subsidiaries of RINL after the latter purchased them for Rs 316.3 crores. While OMDC a listed company has six high-grade iron ore and manganese mines in its possession, BSLC controls limestone and dolomite mines.Though it has been about two years since the deal was struck, not a single ton of iron ore has moved in to the RINL stockyard as yet. It now transpires that the lease licence of OMDC granted by the Odisha government has expired. OMDC was started about a century ago, and the lease period of the mines has come to the third lease stage and the government of Odisha has to decide whether to extend it once again.Sources reveal that there is hectic lobbying in Odisha to give away the mines to Orissa Mining Corporation, a state government owned mining entity that has deep links with POSCO. RINL insiders feel that the steel ministry has to step in to save the steel major from losing out, even after a rightful acquisition.While on one hand, OMDC is working at a brisk pace to get all the clearances such as pollution, forest and environment and ease out the old and pending litigations, the lease hold ownership of the mines have now surfaced again to add to its problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055705", "title": "Girl identifies Bengal footballer in rape case", "text": "KOLKATA: The 14-year-old girl who says she was gang-raped by three footballers and their cook in a posh north Kolkata apartment complex identified two of the accused - East Bengal midfielder Jagpreet Singh and cook Ravi Singh on Thursday.She singled out the duo from a line-up at Barrackpore sub-jail in front of the magistrate, said sources.Barrackpore DD chief Kalyan Mukherjee said they would seek police custody of the accused on Friday.Police have seized a car suspected to belong to Jagpreet Singh from Bangur Avenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17054207", "title": "Karwa Chauth charms Sindhi community", "text": "KANPUR: The women will celebrate Karwa Chauth on Friday for which buying of earthen, copper and silver karwas have already started. Even Sindhi women are getting attracted to the festival.The festival is celebrated in UP, Punjab and Haryana. But the trend of TV serials and Bollywood movies has spread the charm of Karwa Chauth in other states also.Women see it as an occasion to bond with the husband. Fast is kept by the married women on this day. Married Indian women living overseas are also attracted towards Karwa Chauth.\"I am a Sindhi and my husband is Bengali. Karwa Chauth is not celebrated in our communities. Both of us are fascinated to the festival. So, we decided to keep fast for each other last year. We will do it same this year,\" said Surabhi.For Geetika, another newly married Sindhi woman, the festival is going to be a great occasion to refresh the vows of marriage and cherish the special bond. \"I have decided to visit my neighbour's house to learn puja rituals there,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054561", "title": "Netas try to escape RTI stick", "text": "NEW DELHI: Political parties claim to be public representatives but do not want to come under public scrutiny. In a hearing before the Central Information Commission (CIC) some parties came up with several creative excuses to exempt themselves from coming under the ambit of the RTI Act. These ranged from expressing concern that revealing names of donors might endanger the contributors' lives, or that it would impact their decision-making process.The responses from political parties came during a CIC hearing on an application filed by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and activist S C Agrawal. ADR had sought information related to donations and contributions received by political parties, which had initially been denied by outfits claiming they were not public authorities. The CIC full bench has reserved its decision.On Thursday's hearing \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the second and final one in the case \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Congress representatives were conspicuous by their absence. Representatives of BJP, BSP, NCP and CPM were present.While CPM said that it was willing to make its contributors public, it objected to being designated a public authority. The party said 40% of its funds come from its cadre, which is slightly over 10 lakh across the country accrued from individual membership of Rs 2 annually, while the rest come from 'levy' and donations and, hence it was not feasible to give such details.NCP said that revealing the list of contributors could endanger their lives and that public interest was not a criterion to declare a body public authority.BSP claimed that there was not direct or indirect funding by the government and the facilities like free air time, buildings at cheap rents and other facilities do not constitute funding.BJP also fought tooth and nail against being brought under the transparency law. A similar argument was made by other parties but they were even more strident.In the last hearing on September 26, CPI was the only party that had expressed its willingness to part with the financial information but said that internal discussions should not be made public as it would affect their public stance.ADR has argued that political parties enjoy benefits and facilities from the public exchequer. Political parties get substantially financed by a very large amount by getting tax exemption on all their income. In addition, all the major political parties have also been provided facilities for residential and official use by the Directorate of Estates (DoE).They have been given offices and accommodations at prime locations like Akbar Road, Raisina Road, Chanakyapuri and are charged only a token sum as rent or dues. ``These facilities are not just provided to them at marginal rates but their maintenance, modernization, renovation and construction is also done at state expense. A large sum of money is also spent by the Election Commission of India on political parties for giving electoral rolls. Doordarshan and AIR also provide free broadcast facilities to the parties. If closely seen, the money spent on that basis actually runs into crores. State funding is also given for publicity of parties during elections,'' said Anil Bairwal, an ADR member.The top five political parties enjoy income in crores. According to ADR, incomes of the parties between 2004-05 and 2010-11 showed that Congress had the maximum income with Rs 2,008 crore, followed by BJP (Rs 994 crore). BSP was ranked third with Rs 484 crore, CPM (Rs 417 crore) and SP (Rs 279 crore).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17056128", "title": "Kozhikode keen on Footwear Design and Development Institute campus", "text": "KOZHIKODE: After successfully bagging the Indian Institute of Management (IIM-K) and the National Institute of Technology (NIT-C), Kozhikode is now on a mission to pocket another premier national institute.The state industries department is now expected to send a proposal to the Footwear Design and Development Institute (FDDI), one of the premier footwear design and management institutions in the world, offering to set up its campus in the city, which is at present one of the largest footwear manufacturing hubs in the country with an annual turnover of Rs 500 crore.Industries additional chief secretary V Somasundaran told TOI that the government would soon send the proposal to the FDDI inviting it to set up a campus in Kozhikode.Sources in the footwear industry said Kozhikode was perfectly placed to house an FDDI campus as it was the second biggest footwear manufacturing hub in the country after New Delhi.FDDI, which has its main campus in Noida (UP), has six other campuses in key footwear manufacturing centres like Kolkata, Chennai, Fursatganj (UP), Rohtak (Haryana), Chhindwara (near Nagpur in Maharashtra) and Jodhpur (Rajasthan).According to sources, FDDI is also keen to set up its campus in Kozhikode after witnessing the meteoric rise of the city in the footwear sector. It is learnt that the former chairman of the FDDI, M Rafeeque Ahmed, had forwarded a proposal identifying Kozhikode as a potential location to set up a campus.The FDDI is reportedly gearing up to start four new campuses across the country, and many states have already started intense lobbying to get them.V Noushad, city based entrepreneur in the footwear sector, said four state governments were already in the fray and that Kerala should not lose time in conveying its readiness to offer 15 acres of land required for the project.\"If allotted on the criteria of eligibility, Kozhikode will have no competition. But it is the proactive stand of the state governments that would finally count,\" he added.FDDI is the only institute in the country providing specialized programmes in footwear design, creative designing and CAD/CAM of footwear, leather goods and accessories.A V Sunilnath, district secretary, Kerala Small Scale Industries Association, said the dearth of qualified professionals and technicians was holding the industry back from expanding further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17056245", "title": "Anderson ready to face the India Test", "text": "MUMBAI: When James Anderson first came to India, in 2006, his bowling fluctuated between the sublime to the ridiculous. He could either bowl like Glenn McGrath or like Heath-O-Davis. Hence, he played in only one Test of the three. That was at the Wankhede, in Mumbai. He bowled with the metronomical accuracy of a McGrath there. Then he slipped back into ordinary mode and in the quest to produce deliveries that pitch on leg and hit off, started bowling rubbish again. His hairstyles changed drastically too and it didn't take long for him to sulk when things didn't go his way.The Anderson you see in 2012 is different though. He knows his craft. He rarely bowls half volleys or half trackers. The desperation to produce magic deliveries is no more there. He has learnt how to set up batsmen. The 30-yearold Lancastrian, who simply loves bowling to Indians (in 10 Tests, he has claimed 45 wickets ), will be a key figure for the English outfit as they try and ape David Gower and Co's feats of winning a Test series in India after 28 years.Conventional swing with the new ball and reverse swing with the old, Anderson showed those attributes in the three-day game against India 'A' and the four wickets he got in the game were genuine seamer's wickets as he bowled 17.1 overs in the first innings and seven overs in the second.\"We got what we wanted from this game. The bowlers got a decent bowl and the batsmen got a decent hit,\" the seamer said here on Thursday. Anderson feels to succeed in India, bowlers will need to vary their pace. \"First wicket was off a cutter. I just took a bit of pace off and that got the leading edge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17054879", "title": "Grant to Sanawar: Rs 1crore sanction to school legally permissible, Punjab tells HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Responding to a public interest litigation (PIL) filed against the sanction of Rs 1 crore to one of the oldest and elite boarding schools in the country, Lawrence School Sanawar, by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, the Punjab government on Thursday admitted that the grant was not strictly within the ambit of Punjab Nirman Programme. The government, however, maintained that sanctioning of the amount to school was justified and legally permissible.The government has also contended that the grant was given because \"it is a reputed institution with the distinction of having maximum number of youngsters of Punjabi origin studying there since Independence. It was decided to give a grant of Rs 1 crore to this school as financial assistance for its various new development works/upgrading of existing infrastructure.\"In his affidavit submitted in response to the petition filed by Sukhpal Singh Khaira, principal secretary ( finance ) Satish Chandra has conceded that the grant was not strictly covered under the Punjab Nirman Programme, but was paid after approval by the council of ministers.Contesting the petitioner's argument, that funds out of a scheme approved by the legislature cannot be given for any other purpose, the affidavit states that under Article 205 of the Constitution, there is a provision for submitting supplementary demands before the legislature after getting approval from governor, and the said procedure will be followed in this case also. It further states that under Article 282 of the Constitution, government can give any grant for a public purpose even in those cases where the state legislature does not have the power to legislate over a particular subject matter.Meanwhile, Punjab advocate general Ashok Aggarwal said the high court that the cheque has not been encashed and is still with him.\" The Bench, however, adjourned the case to November 8 for argument.In the PIL, petitioner had challenged the action in giving a cheque for Rs 1 crore to Lawrence School, Sanawar ( HP ) as grant out of \"Punjab Nirman Programme\". The petitioner had contended that the funds for Punjab Nirman Programme had been sanctioned/approved by Punjab Vidhan Sabha for certain specified development activities within Punjab, and that those funds could not have been donated to Lawrence School by way of grant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17055820", "title": "Pro-Trinamool intellectuals head to Haldia", "text": "KOLKATA: In an apparent bid to stem the impact of Haldia Bulk Terminals' (HBT) decision to pull out of Haldia Dock Complex (HDC), a 30-member team of pro-Trinamool Congress intellectuals and professionals will reach Haldia on Thursday.The team, consisting of intellectuals, doctors and lawyers, will not only speak to the displaced HBT workers but also meet HBT officials and KoPT officers.A 30-member group of pro-Trinamool intellectuals and professionals will reach Haldia on Thursday to reach out to the displaced HBT workers in an apparent bid to stem the fallout of the cargo-handlers decision to pull out of Haldia amid law and order concerns. The team is likely to have intellectuals, doctors and lawyers who will speak not only to the workers but also the HBT officials and KoPT officers there.If the Trinamool is trying to control the precipitate damage after a state of denial, Congress and the CPM are in no mood either to let go of it. While an INTUC team will also go there, Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya indicated a Pradesh Congress team will also go to Haldia before month-end. While the CITU is yet to formalise it's plan, the CPM's youth wing has already planned a demonstration in Haldia on November 5.On behalf of the pro-Trinamool intellectuals, Prasun Bhowmik said, \"We intend to go and speak to the people who work there. We want to know whether they got their dues, whether they were treated well and what were their expectations at present. We also intend to speak to all stakeholders - KoPT and HBT officers - to get an all-round view.\" This view, sources said, will be to counter a persistent \"lopsided\" media coverage which Trinamool leaders think is the reason behind the Haldia debacle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17056344", "title": "Winning their way with colours", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Ludhiana Sahodaya Schools- central zone competed in a fine arts competition at the Guru Nanak International Public School, Model Town, on Thursday. As many as 32 teams from various schools participated in the poster making and rangoli competitions.Students form classes IX to XII made posters on themes like 'corruption', 'India of my dreams', 'world of technology', 'female foeticide', 'knowledge enlightens' and 'inflation'. The theme for rangoli was 'celebration'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17059626", "title": "1984 anti-Sikh riots: Genocide petition tabled in Australian parliament", "text": "JALANDHAR: On the 28 th anniversary of November 1984 massacre of Sikhs, a petition was tabled in Australia House of Representatives on Thursday seeking to declare November 1984 massacre of Sikhs as 'genocide'.The genocide petition was tabled by Warren Enstch, the Chief Opposition Whip for the Liberal Party. On this occasion hundreds of Sikhs thronged the capital city Canberra to participate in this moment and were present in the Parliament Galleries as Enstch read the petition.Presenting the \"Genocide petition\" Entsch said that as long as these killings continue to be referred to as 'anti-Sikh riots' there can be no closure for the Sikh community. \"Discussions around mass violence and genocide will always be controversial but the continued denial of such historical injustices can only encourage modern day crimes against humanity,\"The petition has urged the Australian Parliament to recognize that an organized campaign of horrific violence took place against the Sikh community in November 1984, and that these killings were \"Genocide\" as per the UN Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.The petition has also u rged the government of India to take all reasonable measures to bring all persons responsible for this organized campaign of violence to justice. This includes criminal prosecutions against the responsible persons following due process of law.The Australian MP has also noted in the petition \"I am aware that the Prime Minister of India has asked the victims to 'forgive and forget'. But it seems clear to me that the events of 1984 onwards-and the lack of justice-has left lasting wounds on the Sikh psyche. The old saying 'a crime unpunished is a crime encouraged' is illustrated by the fact that those responsible for this violence-the police, the 'death squads' and those who authorised their actions- have never faced criminal prosecution. In many cases they have actually been promoted\".Harkirat Singh, General Secretary, Supreme Sikh Council of Australia, said \"the Genocide Petition before Australian Parliament will highlight the systematic killing of Sikhs that took place in India and how the successive Governments in India covered these horrific events as \" Anti-Sikh Riots\".Meanwhile the \"Genocide\" petition got the support from Labour Party Member Parliament Michelle Rowland who also demanded prosecution of those who are involved in the torture, extrajudicial killings and disappearances of Sikhs during counter insurgency operations in the State of Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17054762", "title": "I-card to be must for train journey", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Railway passengers of all classes and categories will soon have to show their identity cards while undertaking a journey . This would be done to stop black-marketing of tickets and eliminate touts. The practice , of checking identity cards, is already there for passengers in AC coaches.Speaking to media here on Thursday evening, Union railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said, \"Touts take ticket 4 months in advance and start blackmarketing. It leads to problems for passengers. This practice needs to be stopped.\"Asked about increase in price, he said it is required if facilities are required. \"We will ensure proper facilities to the public,\" he said, and added that cost cutting would be done on things like food items. Many items provided in meal are not liked by people and these would be deducted, benefitting both the railway and public, he said. Food quality, the minister assured, would be improved and quantity reduced as per people's choice.On the fiscal front, he said, railways will have to take around Rs 40,000 crore from government in the current year. Last year, railways had taken Rs 25,000 crore last year. \"We need around Rs one lakh crore more to bring the railway on right track,\" he said.The Union minister avoided mention of any special train or project in any part of the country immediately, saying many works need to be done immediately to improve the system.However, he said there are plans for five superfast-bullet trains in the long term, including from Ahmedabad to Mumbai and Chandigarh to Delhi among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054688", "title": "Sandy claims Hyderabad woman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s life", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hurricane Sandy claimed the life of a 21-year-old woman from the city, who was pursuing master's in New York, on Tuesday morning.The victim was identified as Vishwaja Muppa, 21, from Jubilee Hills. Vishwaja was pursuing Masters in Biology at Stony Brook University in New York State.The mishap occurred in the wee hours of Tuesday at the intersection of Routes 347 and 112 in Port Jefferson Station, Long Island, New York, when the Toyota Highlander carrying Vishwaja and her three friends collided with Suffolk County Police officer Rene Garcia's car.Vishwaja died on the spot , while her three friends, who also suffered critical injuries, are undergoing treatment at a local hospital. According to a Suffolk police spokesperson, the traffic light at the road intersection, where the mishap had occurred, was not functioning at the time of the crash. Police suspect that the Sandy hurricane might be the reason for the defunct traffic signal, which led to the accident. According to Vishwaja's family friend Uma from Banjara Hills, her father M Narendar Reddy, a private contractor, and mother Jyothy stay in New Jersey. \"Only her grandfather Dr Manohar Reddy, stays at MLA Colony on Road Number 10, Banjara Hills. We are shocked to hear the news. We came to know that the final rites will be performed in the US,\" Uma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "pilar", "code": "17055620", "title": "Church finding Gregorian, Legacy masses difficult", "text": "PILAR: Every November Catholics line up at parish church offices and other shrines to offer masses for the souls of the departed. Remembering the dead, commonly known as all souls day, is a feast celebrated by the church on November 2, or, if the day be a Sunday or a solemnity, on November 3.According to the church once the soul that is not perfectly cleansed from venial sins, or has not fully atoned for past transgressions, departs the body it is debarred entry into heaven. Help for such souls can come from the faithful on earth through prayers, alms, good deeds and by the sacrifice of mass.Besides the normal mass offered, people can also offer Gregorian or Legacy masses for souls, but these are turning a lot more difficult to offer.Gregorian masses are those that have to be offered by a priest for 30 consecutive days. A priest can a break from offering 30 continuous Gregorian masses only if he is sick or requests another priest to celebrate the mass intention for that particular day. At present the stipend for Gregorian masses in the Archdiocese of Goa and Daman is 6,000. Although it is difficult to celebrate such masses in parish churches, there are priests who do offer Gregorian masses.Legacy masses are those that are offered in perpetuity, every year for the intention of the donor. According to modern church practice, perpetuity as per canon law is understood as 25 years. Although the Church has not stopped or discouraged the faithful from offering any type of mass, there are constrains to offering Georgian and legacy masses as to arrange a celebrant or institution to offer such masses every year has now turned difficult, if not impossible.Fr Mousinho Athaide, professor of Canon Law at Rachol Seminary, said, \"In Goa, people have gifted properties to the church with the obligation that masses be offered every year for the intention of the donor. As a custom, every parish has the list of legacy masses framed and displayed in the sacristy.\"As per information received from the financial administrator's office of the archdiocese, one needs the permission of the vicar general to offer legacy masses in the diocese. According to the decree of the Archdiocese of Goa and Daman, the amount fixed for one legacy mass is 5,000. Of late the number of people offering legacy masses has declined to below 10 per year. Goa archdiocese also no longer accepts properties in exchange for legacy masses.\"After sometime some of these properties do not have the necessary value or interest on the corpus is not sufficient to offer the agreed masses. In cases where it is difficult to keep such obligations towards legacy masses, a request to lessen the number of masses should be sought from the diocesan bishop or in some cases, from the Holy See,\" Athaide, presently parish priest at St John the Evangelist Church, Neura, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055224", "title": "Maharashtra govt's failure to protect activists invites HC rap", "text": "MUMBAI: Over two years after recommendations were made in the Bombay high court to shield whistle-blowers and activists from attacks, the state government is yet to implement them. The state's failure invited the wrath of the division bench of Justices D D Sinha and Vijaya Kapse-Tahilramani on Thursday during the hearing of a suo motu pubilc interest litigation. The PIL had been triggered by the spate of attacks on activists in 2010, including the murder of Pune-based RTI activist Satish Shetty and the attack on activist Nayana Kathpalia's Churchgate residence.\"If a policy needs to be framed, what is the government waiting for. When will it implement the recommendations made by the amicus curiae,\" asked the judges. The court has given the state time till November 5 to inform it of the measures taken to protect whistle-blowers and activists.Advocate D Madon, who was appointed as the amicus curiae in the case, had recommended implementation of the UN Declaration on the Protection of Human Rights Defenders. Among other measures that the advocate suggested was better disclosure and protection mechanism to ensure anonymity of whistle-blowers, provide compensation for attacks, investigation by additional commissioner of police and setting up safe houses to provide temporary shelter to activists under threat.The HC had also ordered the state to set up a panel to identify whistle-blowers and activists, create a database and quick response to threat complaints by activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17054507", "title": "Chavan, Pawar meet: Cabinet rejig on cards?", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and NCP chief Sharad Pawar met on the sidelines of a private conclave on Thursday to discuss plans for a cabinet reshuffle. Chavan is also understood to have held \"preliminary deliberations\" on the rejig with senior party leaders. According to sources, the two leaders are slated to meet again in the next two to three days.Besides changes in the council of ministers, both the Congress and the NCP are also expected to go for some organizational changes in the state unit. The CM is slated to meet Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on November 3.Sources in the Congress party said that the organisational revamp will precede the cabinet reshuffle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17058423", "title": "Cops, Qasab and that silver sedan", "text": "TOI caught a glimpse of Ram Gopal Varma's ambitious film on 26/11 being shot on Girgaum Chowpatty in the wee hours of Thursday morningHe had been denied permission to shoot his film on 26/11 inside the Taj hotel, forcing Ram Gopal Varma to recreate the iconic hotel elsewhere at a considerable cost. And since then he has been shooting at various locations in the city. TOI stumbled upon the crew during the Girgaum Chowpatty leg of the shoot on Wednesday night. The sequence being shot was a crucial one. On that fateful night Ajmal Qasab and Abu Dera Ismail Khan , after the massacre at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and killing several senior cops, had proceeded first toward Metro Cinema and then Vidhan Bhavan in a white Toyota Qualis. However, the Qualis developed a puncture and they hijacked a silver Skoda Laura instead and drove toward Girgaum Chowpatty. A team of policemen had set up a double barricade on Marine Drive when the sedan came to a halt 40 to 50 feet away. Even as the car had tried to make an u-turn, a gun battle ensued, injuring Qasab and killing Ismail Khan. RGV had been shooting on Chowpatty on Oct 30 and 31 between midnight and 3 am and on this day the crucial shootout was enacted for the cameras, complete with barricades and the silver sedan. The sequence captured the events down to the smallest detail - in fact the actors even enacted the part when the cops ask Qasab to step out of the car and he switches on the wipers by mistake. The life-like scene understandably brought the early morning traffic to a halt and a crowd gathered, part curious, part apprehensive. It took a couple of real-life cops to disperse the crowd. Incidentally, RGV had tried to get cops play themselves in the film, but to no avail. The terrorists as well as the braveheart policemen in his film are all as real as the blood splattered on their clothes.by Raju Shinde", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054305", "title": "Unveiling of statues on Tank Bund put on hold", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sculptor Arun Kumar Vadayar came all the way from Natta Rameswaram village in West Godavari district to witness unveiling of the 12 statues of Telugu icons he created on Tank Bund on the occasion of the AP Formation Day, but his hopes were dashed with the government undecided.Though the department of culture has succeeded in putting the 12 new statues on their pedestals, there was no official communique from the government when the statues would be unveiled.Meanwhile, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation ( GHMC) urban forest wing decorated all the pedestals with flowers by spending Rs two lakh.In view of the Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC) call to celebrate AP Formation Day as 'Vidroha Dinam,' police have made elaborate bandobust on Tank Bund.With no word from the government till 7 pm, the sculptor, who waited at the department of culture office on Ravindra Bharati premises, left the place disappointed. \"I came personally to know the opinion of visitors/public after unveiling the statues. I'm upset over the government's attitude. My responsibility is over with installing the statues on pedestals,\" Arun Kumar Vadayar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055124", "title": "Railways targets Rs 5.5k crore from land lease", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian Railways may commercially exploit its surplus land parcels, spread over 3,700 acres (1,500 hectares) across the country, said a senior railway official. The railways hopes to garner over Rs 5,500 crore through the premium received on leasing these parcels.According to A K Gupta, member of real estate and urban planning at Rail Land Development Authority (RLDA), the railways have identified 52 cities where parcels can be leased out for commercial purposes. \"Bids for sites in Chennai, Aurangabad, Jammu, Mumbai, Jamnagar, Amritsar and Visakhapatnam will soon be invited for selecting the developer,\" said Gupta, who was speaking at FIreal estate summit on Thursday.The RLDA will also invite bids for commercial development of various railway plots with railways across the country and development of multi-functional complexes at select railway stations. The RLDA has been set up by the ministry of railways for undertaking commercial development of railway land. The RLDA has entrusted a total 136 sites consisting of surplus total 1,504 hectares across the country that are not required for operational purpose in the near future.RLDA has so far fixed developers for five sites- in Bangalore, Gwalior, Gaya, Sarai Rohilla in Delhi and Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh. The railways is likely to generate Rs 1,714 crore through these lands. The land is leased for a period of 30-45 years, except for the Sarai Rohilla site, which has been leased for 90 years for residential development.\"The authority has been following a lease-premium model under which the premium is paid by the selected developer either upfront or spread over a period of time. It is now also looking at revenue sharing model for future projects if the return in the model is more favourable,'' Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17055073", "title": "US airports open, flight operations resume", "text": "MUMBAI: Flight operations to the US resumed on Thursday after superstorm Sandy left America's East Coast. New York and Newark airports have opened but with limited operations.Air India (AI) has resumed its direct flights from Delhi to New York and Mumbai to Newark airports. Other carriers, operating through hubs like Brussels, Zurich and London , have also started operations. Jet Airways , which operates from Mumbai to Brussels to Newark, has also resumed its flights.The development came as a major relief to travelers stranded in the US. \"A client who was in New York had to postpone his return trip due to Sandy,\" a Fort-based travel agent said. Tour operators said those who had deferred their trips due to the superstorm have alsoconfirmed bookings for next week. tnnMany travelers booked for the US this week had shelved their travel plans till the weather normalizes. \"Most of them are now trying to confirm their bookings for next week. This is good news for airlines as they can now operate rather than incur losses due to the superstorm,\" said another tour operator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17054602", "title": "India seeks info on chopper deal fixer from Italy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The AgustaWestland chopper deal is starting to kick up a storm with the foreign ministry summoning Italian envoy to India and asking him to ensure Rome shares more information about the identity of the alleged middlemen in the deal.Secretary (west) M Ganapathi handed over an aide-memoire - an informal diplomatic communication \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to the envoy underlining the importance of responding to the inquiry, said foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.This follows a communication from the defence ministry to the MEA for taking up the matter diplomatically with Italian authorities. \"Both in Delhi and Rome they understand our concern and promised to revert to us. We look forward to it,\" he said.The defence ministry had earlier asked the Italian government and agencies concerned to provide the name and relevant documents relating to the alleged involvement of a brigadier in the ongoing process for the acquisition of 197 light utility helicopters for the Indian Army.A brigadier is said to be under the scanner for allegedly demanding a bribe of $5 million in the deal. The allegation was leveled against the officer in a letter allegedly sent by an AgustaWestland official in India to his superiors in Italy saying that the brigadier was seeking bribe for facilitating the deal in their favour. The letter was submitted by Italian prosecutors in a court there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17054704", "title": "Cheat planned to take Rs 100cr loan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Using his rapport with several bankers, One Nation One Card (ONOC) managing director Ch V K Sai Kumar was planning to take a loan of Rs 100 crore by creating a sham dairy at Kottur in Mahbubnagar district. Interestingly, banking officials also began documentation work for sanctioning the amount for an under-valued property.Crime Investigation Department (CID) sources said the 112-acre land bought at Kottur village by Sai Kumar with Rs 15 crore of the Rs 55.47 crore AP State Minorities Finance Corporation ( APSMFC) scam money was shown as collateral to bank authorities by establishing a small dairy unit.\"It seems banks give loans liberally to dairy industry at subsidised interest rate. So, using his clout with bank officials, Sai Kumar wanted to take Rs 100 crore loan. His plans were to clear debts, other financial commitments and use the remaining amount for his pet project, ONOC,\" a source told TOI.The prime accused informed the officials that to develop rapport with bank officials he got fixed deposits (FD) to the tune of Rs 510 crore from various public sector units (PSU) and government departments across the country.\"Sai Kumar per se did not get any benefit out of the transactions involving Rs 510 crore. However, the agents involved in the transactions got commissions. Sai Kumar carried out the whole operation to build rapport with bank officials. Using these contacts, he wanted to raise loans for his dubious projects and plans,\" the source added.Vijaya Bank assistant manager Naveen Sagar, who played a key role in the siphoning of Rs 55.47 crore of the AP State Minority Finance Corporation (APSMFC), was not just rewarded with Rs 10 lakh. One of his family members was made director of the yet-to-be launched Akhil Broadcasting Private Limited News channel, in which Sai Kumar had invested Rs eight crores.CID sources said Navin Sagar's 26-year-old son, Avinash Sagar, was made director of ABC Pvt Ltd at the behest of Sai Kumar. Avinash had joined ABC Ltd as an ordinary employee because of his inclination towards animations, but suddenly his fortune changed overnight and he was made a director of the company allegedly by his father and Sai Kumar. CID sources said Avinash, who was also questioned, was ignorant of the scandal.The CID sleuths are in the process of issuing notices to 67 persons, including former cricketer Sourav Ganguly, the brand ambassdor of ONOC, with whom Sai Kumar had financial transactions using the Investigating officials have so far traced addresses of over 30 persons using bank transaction details between them and Sai Kumar, while addresses of others were yet to be located.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-02"}
